Annual report 2022

Extending the ocean potential Annual Report 2022 S   LMON OLUTION'

Extending the ocean potential

1

## Table of Contents

## 01 THIS IS SALMON EVOLUTION

| Letter from CEO  ………………………………………………………………………………  6  Company description  ………………………………………………………………………  .    8  Markets  …………………………………………………………………………………………  10  Business Plan and Strategy  …………………………………………………………………  12  ## 02 ESG IN SALMON EVOLUTION  Environment ...  …………………………………………………………………………………  .   17  Social ....  …………………………………………………………………………………………  26  Governance .  ………………  .  ………………………………………………………………….  31  ## 03 GROUP RESULTS  Board of Directors Report  ……………………………………………………………………  33  Salmon Evolution ASA Consolidated Financial Statements  …………………………..  59  Salmon Evolution ASA Financial Statements  …………………………………………….  . 102  Statement of Responsibility  ………………………………………………………………….  . 123  Auditor's Report  …………………………………………………………………………….....  Sustainability Indicators &amp; GRI index  ………………………………………………………  . 128   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

. 124

<!-- image -->

## This is Salmon Evolution

A Norwegian salmon farming company targeting a global leading position in sustainable production of high-quality salmon from land-based facilities.

- Utilizing a hybrid flowthrough ('HFS') system with 30% -35% fresh seawater intake, reducing complexity and biological risk and securing optimal growth at low cost
- 7,900 tonnes HOG Indre Harøy Phase 1 facility in operation -annual harvesting capacity of 31,500 tonnes HOG fully developed
- Joint venture with Dongwon Industries for a 16,800 tonnes HOG production facility in South Korea
- Launched North America expansion plan and established team of dedicated resources
- Clear roadmap for 100,000 tonnes HOG by 2032
- Listed on Oslo Stock Exchange main list from July 2021

## SALMON EVOLUTION IS AIMING TO BE THE GLOBAL LEADER IN LAND-BASED SALMON FARMING

Salmon Evolution in a nutshell

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Key figures

Indre Harøy drone picture February 2023

| NOK 2,860m  Market Capitalization YE  60  #Employees YE  340 tonnes HOG  NOK 1,702m  Total committed debtl)  2022 Harvest volume  733 tonnes  Biomass YE  Superior share 2022  # of generations at Indre Harøy2)  100,000 tonnes HOG  Target production capacity by 2032  5   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

1. Including NOK 1,550 green debt financing package announced March 2023

2. Including smolt release completed in February 2023

<!-- image -->

## Roadmap to 100,000 tonnes in 2032

Salmon  Evolution  targets  a  leading  position  in the production of sustainable high-quality salmon from land-based facilities. In addition to its 31,500 tonnes project Norway, the Company is  expanding  internationally  through  a  JV  in South  Korea.  Furthermore,  the  Company  has initiated an expansion plan into North America.

## Roadmap towards +70kt HOG annual harvest

Indre Harøy Phase 1

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Through utilisation of technology, competence and experience from domestic projects, Salmon Evolution aims to develop projects in targeted growth markets in collaboration with local partners. The Company has a clear road map towards 100,000 tonnes production capacity by 2032.

<!-- image -->

## Letter from the CEO

2022  was  a  highly  eventful  year  for  Salmon Evolution where the Company transitioned from being  a  large  construction  project  into  a  fully operational salmon farmer.

It has taken us almost 6 years to get to where we are today which says a lot about the lead times in  the  land-based  salmon  farming  industry.  At the  same time, this  puts  Salmon  Evolution  in  a unique  position  to  accelerate  growth  in  the coming years simultaneously with amplifying our global  frontrunner  position  in  developing  this industry.

Salmon  Evolution  has  now  been  successfully farming  salmon  on  land  for  more  than  a  year and is already on the fifth generation. We have fully harvested out our first batch with very strong biological results, clearly demonstrating that it is possible to produce salmon on land, in a very short period of time, on an industrial scale and with  the  end  result  being  a  premium  quality product with strong harvest weights.

Although we are very satisfied with the operational development over the last year, we are  still  in  an  early  stage  with  much  more  to learn.  At  the  same  time,  we  are  now  more convinced than ever that our approach to landbased  salmon farming represents an ideal balancing of output, risk and cost.

Over  the  last  years  we  have  spent  a  lot  of resources  in  building  an  organization  ensuring that we are well equipped for the tasks we have taken on. As CEO I have to say that I am truly impressed by the way our team has performed. Taking into operation a facility of this scale is a highly complex process, and in that context the operational performance is even more impressive. Furthermore, I am also very pleased to  see  all  the  learning  and  accumulation  of competence and experiences that are taking place on a daily basis, which long term should only contribute to better and better operational results as we finetune our systems.

<!-- image -->

Throughout 2023 we expect a significant rampup in harvest volumes alongside with increasing production. Given the strong salmon prices seen so far this year we should be very well positioned to capitalize on this.

We  continue  to  have  a  positive  view  on  the long-term demand for salmon and think that the need for resource efficient production of animal proteins will only increase in the years to come. This should ultimately benefit the salmon relative to many other protein sources, given its low feed conversion  ratio,  high  nutrition  content,  short production cycle and low environmental footprint.

Additionally,  there  are  significant  challenges growing  the  supply  side  using  conventional methods, from both a biological and regulatory perspective. Thus, the opportunity to sustainably produce salmon on land at an industrial scale is greater than ever and Salmon Evolution aims to be  the  driving  force  globally  for  this  in  the coming years.

With  phase  1  of  our  Indre  Harøy  project  now completed and with production steadily

<!-- image -->

increasing, its time to look ahead to phase 2 in Norway  and  also  our  projects  in  South  Korea and North America. We have always had global ambitions,  but  we  remain  humble  about  the complexity  of  building  and  operating  large scale  facilities  in  overseas  markets  where  you do n't have the same infrastructure and access to competence as you have in Norway. Hence, we are convinced that having a large successful operation at Indre Harøy in Norway will be our most important enabler to succeed in overseas markets.

Similar to last year we are also proud to include an integrated ESG section in our annual report. This is an area which is highly important to us and as we move forward and start getting more and more  operational  data,  we  will  continuously work to improve and expand our ESG reporting.

Seeing our beautiful salmon thriving and growing at our ground-breaking facility at Indre Harøy make us truly grateful for all the support demonstrated  over  the  last  years.  We  have come a long way since our foundation back in 2017  and  are  convinced  that  this  is  only  the beginning. The industry has a fantastic potential and we very much look forward to actively take part in defining the future of salmon farming.

<!-- image -->

Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen CEO, Salmon Evolution

<!-- image -->

## Our Vision

## Extending the ocean potential

## Responsible, competent and innovative

Our  vision  is  to  become  a  globally  leading producer  of  land-based  Atlantic  salmon  by ensuring sustainability and extending the ocean potential.  We  aim  to  encourage  the  inclusive and prosperous development of the aquaculture industry, within a stable and resilient earth system.

Our concept is based on preserving and reusing marine resources and minimising our environmental footprint.

Farming  fish  on  land,  with  each  tank  as  a defined  and  isolated  biological  zone,  gives  us full control of water parameters and the production  environment  in  order  to  eliminate lice  and  other  parasites  as  well  as  minimising infection risk.

A closed system also means that there is minimal risk of escapes.

The  use  of  clean  and  fresh  seawater  as  the primary  water  treatment  element,  combined with reuse of water to facilitate stable and ideal temperatures in a highly energy efficient manner,  reduce  operating  risk  and  maximise output from the farm. That contributes to competitive  operating  costs,  even  compared with conventional farming.

Our  energy  plant  has  a  very  high  output  in relation to the energy used. It ensures an optimal and  stable  temperature  which  contributes  to better fish health and increased growth.

<!-- image -->

Treating wastewater and reusing fish sludge to produce for example biogas and short-travelled fertiliser are among  our  contributions to a circular economy.

<!-- image -->

## Our Technology

Salmon Evolution is founded on the belief that good biology equals good economy. This belief has been essential when developing the production methods and technology that are to be applied in the company's land-based salmon farming facilities.

Salmon Evolution's chosen hybrid flow-through system (HFS) technology ensures rich access of fresh  filtered  seawater  while  at  the  same  time reducing energy consumption by reusing around 65% of the water.

<!-- image -->

A reusage level of around 65% is in the company's view a 'sweet spot' balancing cost and  operational risk. Higher reusage levels require  the  introduction  of  more  filtration  and water  treatment  and  lead  to  an  exponential increase in risk. On the other hand, a lower level of reusage will lead to significantly higher energy costs in connection with pumping and heating of water.

At Indre Harøy the seawater intake is based on two  intake  pipes  at  25  meters  and  95  meters, respectively, enabling the company to tap into ideally  tempered  water  and  hence  reducing energy costs in connection with the heating of seawater.

The water intake is further filtered and treated with UV to eliminate parasites, sea lice, viruses, and particles. This ensures a rich flow of fresh and clean seawater into the fish tanks.

To ensure optimal biological and growth conditions  in  the  fish  tanks,  oxygen  and  CO2 levels are constantly monitored and adjusted.

Each of  Salmon  Evolution  fish  tanks  represents an  individual  biological  zone,  meaning  that water in one tank never mixes with water in other tanks.  This  again  serves  as  a  significant  risk reducing  measure  in  case  of  deceases  etc. where a potential outbreak in one tank never can contaminate the fish swimming in the other tanks.

<!-- image -->

As  part  of  Salmon  Evolution  commitment  to  a truly sustainable production and circular economy, waste is filtered and collected, before  being  transported  to  a  recirculation plant where it is converted into fertilizer, biogas or similar.

<!-- image -->

## Markets

## Overall description

Salmon  Evolution  targets  to  play  a  significant role in the global salmon industry, and to be a driving force in the development of land-based salmon farming.  Global  production  of  Atlantic salmon reached about 2.9 million tonnes LW in 2022. This represents almost a doubling over the last decade and a yearly growth of 5.9% since 2010.

The salmon industry has for many years benefitted  from  several  major  global  macro trends  that  have  led  to  a  significant  demand growth, hereunder increased global population and a growing middle class, increased focus on eating healthy food, and resource efficient and climate friendly food production.

Global  supply  of  Atlantic  salmon  has  seen  an impressive increase over the last decades, but in recent years the growth has come significantly down. The reason for this is that the industry has reached  a  production  level  where  biological constraints put limit to further growth.

Looking  ahead  for  the  next  decade,  a  3 -7% yearly growth in salmon demand implies a total demand of around 3.9-5.7 million tonnes by 2032 which represents an increase of around 1.0-2.8 million tonnes LW compared to current production.

This strong demand outlook combined with the challenges  the  conventional  farming  industry has  growing  the  supply  side,  have  led  to  the development of new production methods such as  land-based,  offshore  and  ocean  based closed systems. Conventional farming will play a key role in the salmon farming industry for many years to come, but other production methods such as land-based farming will likely be necessary to serve the steadily increasing demand for Atlantic salmon.

World production of Atlantic Salmon (LW, '000 tonnes)

<!-- image -->

Source: Pareto Securities, Salmon Evolution

<!-- image -->

## Competitive landscape and market opportunities

Norway is by far the largest producer of Atlantic salmon today with a market share of about 50% followed by Chile at around 25%. Common for both is that most of their production is exported, with  a  significant  portion  of  the  volume  being sold fresh to overseas markets requiring airfreight.

Transportation of salmon via airfreight is expensive  and  the  rise  of  land-based  salmon farming enables production in end-markets and thereby eliminating the need for airfreight. This creates a foundation for additional margins as pricing for in-market produced fish will likely be benchmarked with imported fish.

Salmon  Evolution  has  significant  international ambitions and the joint venture with Dongwon

Dongwon Industries processing plant in Busan, South Korea

<!-- image -->

Industries is a strong demonstration  of  this. Salmon Evolution acknowledges the challenges of producing fish on land, which is reflected in the company's choice of technology, hereunder our hybrid flow-through system (HFS).

Salmon Evolution also acknowledges that building a land-based salmon farming facility is a complex process which is why our first facility is  being  built  in  Norway  in  the  middle  of  the aquaculture cluster to serve as a best practice facility  when  expanding  abroad.  Finally,  when expanding  internationally,  Salmon  Evolution  is confident that project execution can both be fast-tracked and significantly de-risked by teaming up with strong local partners.

<!-- image -->

## Business plan and strategy

## Goals and ambitions

Salmon Evolution's goal is to become a globally leading producer of land-based Atlantic salmon. The company is focused on extending the  ocean's  potential  by  transferring  the  best preconditions offered by the sea to farm fish on

## Strategic priorities and opportunities

The  Group  targets  a  production  capacity  of 100,000 tonnes (HOG) by 2032 and although this is an ambitious target, Salmon Evolution already has  a  tangible  pipeline  of  projects,  including Indre Harøy in Norway, K Smart in South Korea and our North America expansion plan.

While further growth is important, the company's core  near  term  focus  is  to  seek  operational excellence for our production ramp up at Indre Harøy. This should again enable us to succeed in overseas projects. Over the past years significant  resources  have  been  devoted  to growing  the  organization,  establishing  quality and  control  systems  as  well  as  establishing  a digital infrastructure. Salmon Evolution also has strong ambitions as to the commercial aspect of land  through  its  chosen  hybrid  flow-through system  (HFS)  technology.  This  secures  a  truly sustainable production process with controlled and  optimal  growth  conditions  and  limiting operational and biological risk.

fish farming, hereunder sale and distribution. The high  degree  of  fresh  seawater  usage  in  our production combined with optimal growth conditions in our tanks are expected to result in a healthy and tasty fish with a firm texture which provides  a  solid  foundation  for  establishing  a good reputation in the market, all of which have been  confirmed  in  connection  with  our  first harvest in 2022.

The  environmental  aspect  of  our  production with a closed system production method, collection and recirculation of waste, no sea lice and minimal risk of escapes also have some very attractive attributes that warrants a price premium in the market.

## Capital strategy/priorities and funding

The company will in the coming years actively seek to optimize its capital structure and have a balanced  mix  of  equity  and  debt.  Although land-based  salmon  farming  to  a  large  extent have had to mainly rely on equity financing in the past, the company sees increasing appetite amongst banks for more traditional bank debt financing structures.

Going  forward  and  along  with  land-based salmon farming facilities commencing operations and obtaining proof of concept, the company believes this positive trend will continue  and  eventually  also  facilitate  higher loan to values which again will facilitate further growth.

Salmon Evolution also sees interesting opportunities for alternative financing structures, for  example  through  partnerships  such  as  K Smart.  This  and  similar  structures  represent  a capital  efficient  way  of  growing  production while at the same time scaling and leveraging the organization's competence and knowhow.

<!-- image -->

## Management

## General comments on experience and competence

The company has a dedicated management team with extensive experience from the aquaculture industry,  and  a  well-developed  organisation  with  the  necessary  competence  and  execution capabilities.

## Roles and CV's

<!-- image -->

## Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen, CEO &amp; CFO

Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen took over  as  our  CEO  in  October  2022, after being our CFO since 1 January 2021.

He brings extensive experience from both  the  salmon  industry  and  the capital market. Prior to joining Salmon  Evolution  he  served  over  4 years as Senior Vice President Finance and Business Development at Hofseth International.

Before joining Hofseth International, Schaug-Pettersen worked for nine years as an investment banker at Swedbank/First Securities advising Norwegian and

<!-- image -->

## Ingjarl Skarvøy, COO

Ingjarl Skarvøy is one of our founders and  served  as  our  first  CEO.  He  has more  than  30  years  of  experience from the aquaculture sector, including regional manager for Salmar Farming, CEO of Salmar international companies on IPOs, equity and debt capital raisings, M&amp;A, strategy and restructurings.

Schaug-Pettersen has a BSc in Economics and Business Administration from  the  NHH  Norwegian  School  of Economics.

Schaug-Pettersen owns 400,000 shares and holds 2,600,000 options in Salmon Evolution (directly or indirectly through Troha Invest AS).

Rauma and regional manager for Pan Fish Norway.

Skarvøy  owns  1,800,150  shares  and holds 750,000 share options in Salmon Evolution (directly or indirectly through Terra Mare AS).

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Kamilla Mordal Holo, Chief Project Officer

Kamilla Mordal Holo has 16 years of experience from the construction sector,  including  the  post  of  project manager  at  the  Norwegian  Public Roads  Administration  responsible  for the  highway  network  in  Møre  og Romsdal  county.  She  has  also  been project and construction manager at engineering and consultancy company 3S Project.

Mordal  Holo  has  an  MSc  in  civil  and environmental  engineering  from  the Norwegian  University  of  Science  and Technology (NTNU).

Mordal Holo owns 160,060 shares and holds 750,000 share options in Salmon Evolution (directly or indirectly through C10 Holding AS).

## Odd Frode Roaldsnes, CCO &amp; Head of Asia

Odd Frode Roaldsnes joined Salmon Evolution in 2021 and brings extensive experience from the salmon industry.

Prior  to  joining  Salmon  Evolution  he held the position as sales director and partner at Ocean Supreme, a salmon exporter based in Ålesund.

His  background  is  within  the  areas  of management,  business  development and downstream operations where he has  primarily  been  focusing  on  the Asian markets the last 15 years.

Roaldsnes holds 750,000 share options in Salmon Evolution.

## Henriette Nordstrand, Technical Director

Henriette  Nordstrand  joined  Salmon Evolution  in  August  2022.  She  holds valuable  management  experience from the fish farming industry, including  planning  for,  construction and running a new large-scale hatchery plant.

Prior  to  joining  Salmon  Evolution  she served five years as Hatechery Plant Manager in Hofseth Aqua AS.

Nordstrand has an MSc in Aquamedisine  from  the  University  of Bergen and holds the title Aqua Medicine Biologist. She has also studied recirculating aquaculture systems (RAS) at the Norwegian University  of  Science and Technology (NTNU).

<!-- image -->

## ESG IN SALMON EVOLUTION

Salmon Evolution is a salmon farming company focused  on  transferring  the  best  preconditions offered  by  the  sea  to  farm  fish  on  land.  Our hybrid  flow-through  system  (HFS)  technology secures a truly sustainable process with controlled and optimal growth conditions while limiting operational and biological risk.

We  are  committed  to  ensure  that  we  are  a responsible business and that we are sustainable in our operations and in everything we do. This is enshrined in our vision:

## ' EXTENDING THE OCEAN POTENTIAL '

We build  sustainability  and  social  responsibility into the core of our business. Our commitment is integrated into every part of Salmon Evolution's business  model and implemented through our ethical guidelines. It is our firm belief that responsible and sustainable business behaviour contributes to better environmental, social, organisational, and financial results.

Salmon Evolution has a high potential to produce  what  the  market  demands:  a  fresh, healthy, and sustainable premium product. With the  use  of  the  HFS  technology,  we  farm  our salmon in a closed system with minimal impact on  the  environment,  whilst  providing  the  best conditions for optimal fish welfare.

We have created a truly sustainable approach to  producing  the  world's  best  and  healthiest protein.

## ESG Reporting

This is our third annual report published and the second annual report with explicit Environmental,  Social,  and  Governance  (ESG) factors  included.  Our  report  is  created  with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.

We have committed to establish plans for ESG monitoring  to  allow  for  comprehensive  ESG reporting. We are consistently striving to gather and transparently present our information at the highest level of quality possible, with principles of:

- Accuracy
- Balance
- Comprehension
- Timing
- Reliability

For our 2022 report, we are not able to include any  comparative  information  from previous years  or  reporting  periods  due  to  our  limited operations.

Going forward, we will present our information in a manner that is comparative on a year-by-year basis  for  our  operations,  to  track  our  progress and ensure accountability to our goals.

<!-- image -->

## Stakeholders and Material Topics

The Company started the process by conducting  a  materiality  assessment  to  map and determine our  sustainability  priority  areas. We  began  by  identifying  our  most  important stakeholders  (see  page  38)  as  well  as  their primary areas of interest related to environmental, social, and governance factors.

We then examined these areas to learn where our  potential  impacts  were.  From  this  process, we established benchmarks for how we should identify and manage our sustainability risks and opportunities. It also gave us clarity on how we should  provide  our  stakeholders  with  material disclosures through our ESG reporting.

The materiality assessment was conducted through discussions with internal employees who are in regular contact with our key stakeholders. It  was  carried  out  in  accordance  with  GRI Standards and the Guidelines to Issuers for ESG Reporting by Oslo Stock Exchange (Euronext).

To  ensure  the  necessary  independence  and integrity  of  the  process,  this  assessment  was conducted by a third-party organisation.

Our materiality assessment resulted in the following material topics being defined as priority areas:

## ENVIRONMENT AND TECHNOLOGY

- Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
- Energy usage
- Circular economy
- Biodiversity and nature

## FISH AND WATER

- Fish health and welfare
- Sustainable food production
- Product certification and traceability*

*addressed in the Governance chapter

## PEOPLE AND SOCIETY

- Employee health and safety
- Local jobs, cooperation, and value creation
- Regulatory compliance
- Responsible supply chain

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Governance and ESG

Corporate responsibility is an integrated part of Salmon Evolution's business practices. We strongly believe that we have a responsibility for the  people,  communities,  and  environment affected by our business. This is woven into our core  values  as  a  company,  which  are  to  be responsible, competent, and innovative.

It is the duty of the CEO to ensure that Salmon Evolution  always  operates  according  to  these core values. The CEO must also ensure compliance  with  legislation  and  follow  up  on Salmon Evolution's g overning documents.

## OUR CORE VALUES: RESPONSIBLE, COMPETENT, INNOVATIVE

The Board of Directors shall ensure that Salmon Evolution has sound internal control and systems for  risk  management.  They  shall  also  supervise Salmon  Evolution's  management  and  general activities. This includes ensuring compliance to company core values,  ethical  guidelines,  and guidelines for corporate social responsibility.

Our governing codes, policies, and procedures ensure  that  all  our  employees  carry  out  their activities in an ethical manner, in accordance with  current  legislation  and  Salmon  Evolution standards.

An  overview  of  ESG  topics  covered  by  our governance system is presented here:

## Environment

There is a growing need for sustainably farmed salmon. The Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the UN predicts that the world population  will  reach  9.7  billion  by  2050.  The demand for food is set to increase by 50% and meeting  this  demand  will  require  a  significant increase in protein production.

Seafood  is  quickly  becoming  an  important contributor to meeting this demand. However, a growing demand for seafood will increase the

- Fish health and fish welfare policy
- Waste management policy*
- HSEQ policy
- Supplier code of conduct
- Code of conduct
- Corporate governance policy
- Corporate social responsibility policy
- Anti-corruption compliance procedure

*work in progress

<!-- image -->

| Protein  production facts 1  Carbon footprint  (kg CO2/40g  edible meat)  0.60  0.88  1.30  5.92  Feed conversion  ratio  1.2-1.5  1.7-2.0  2.7-5.0  6.0-10.0  Edible yield  68 %  46 %  52 %  No data  Water  consumption  (litres/kg)  2,000  4,300  6,000  15,400   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

pressure  on  already  over-exploited  wild  fish stocks  and  ocean  resources.  To  alleviate  this pressure, aquaculture, including salmon farming,  is  required  to  efficiently  manage  and maintain both wild fish stocks and the ocean's natural biodiversity.

Salmon are amongst the most efficient protein sources to produce. The feed conversion ratio (FCR)  for  salmon,  or  the  amount  of  feed  an animal  needs  to  gain  one  kilogram  of  body weight,  is  well  below  other  common  protein sources.

Salmon has a high harvest yield in percentage (after inedible parts are removed) compared to other farmed animals. This is shown in Table 1. In the future when more data is available, Salmon Evolution intends to measure the efficiency on the  production  and  believe  that  land-based salmon should be competitive.

The global increase in food demand, combined with stronger preferences for healthy and sustainably produced proteins, has led to a high growth in demand for salmon over the last few decades.

This increase has mainly been met by a continuous expansion within conventional aquaculture.  However,  numerous  challenges inhibit sustainable future growth for fish farming:

- CLIMATE CHANGE: DUE TO THE LONG-HAUL TRANSPORT AND DISTRIBUTION OF FISH, THE CO2 FOOTPRINT FOR SEABASED SALMON FARMING IS HIGH. OUR RESPONSE: EXPANDING OPERATIONS CLOSER TO MARKETS, STARTING WITH OUR FACILITY IN SOUTH KOREA
- POLLUTION AND WASTE: THE NATURE OF CONVENTIONAL SALMON NET PENS CREATES ISSUES WITH THE DISCHARGE OF UNTREATED WASTE AND POLLUTION, AS WELL AS DISEASES AND PARASITES INTO COASTAL WATERS. OUR RESPONSE: MINIMIZING POLLUTION AND TREATING WATER AND WASTE
- BIODIVERSITY AND NATURE: ESCAPES IN SEA-BASED SALMON FARMING ARE EXPENSIVE AND POTENTIALLY DAMAGING TO LOCAL WILDLIFE. OUR RESPONSE: ELIMINATING THE RISK OF ESCAPE AND PROTECTING OCEAN BIODIVERSITY
- FISH HEALTH: DISEASES, PARASITES, AND SEA LICE ARE WIDESPREAD IN CONVENTIONAL SALMON FARMING, CAUSING CONSIDERABLE DAMAGE COMMERCIALLY. IN ADDITION, MORTALITY AND LOSSES IN PRODUCTION ARE A CHALLENGE FOR SEA-BASED SALMON FARMERS. OUR RESPONSE: THROUGH OUR TECHNOLOGY, WATER INTAKE IS FILTERED AND UV-TREATED, AND SEPARATED BIOLOGICAL ZONES REDUCE OPPORTUNITY FOR CROSS-CONTAMINATION
- FISH WELFARE: CLIMATE VARIABILITY AND INCREASING WATER TEMPERATURES CAN CAUSE STRESS AND REDUCE FISH HEALTH AND WELFARE. OUR RESPONSE: BY CONTROLLING WATER TEMPERATURE AND BY CONTINUOUS MONITORING, WE ENSURE GREATER FISH WELFARE

New methods and technologies for addressing biological  and  environmental  challenges  are continually being developed, including a shift to more land-based farming practices. Landbased  farming  addresses  a  broad  range  of these industry  challenges  and  represents  a viable  solution  for  sustainably  expanding  the ocean's essential resources.

<!-- image -->

Research and development are thus central to our value chain and  help  create efficient operations, drive innovation, and create improvements  that  ensure  future  sustainability.

## Our Commitment

Our  vision  is  to  become  a  globally  leading producer  of  land-based  Atlantic  salmon  by ensuring sustainability and extending the ocean potential.  We  aim  to  encourage  the  inclusive and prosperous development of the aquaculture industry, within a stable and resilient earth system.

To  achieve  this,  we  commit  to  promoting  a culture where sustainability  and profitability reinforce each other. We build sustainability into our core operations and through the use of the HFS technology, we transfer the best preconditions offered by the sea to the farming of fish on land.

Through our business strategy, we are committed to the external environment and to setting  a  high  standard  for  fish  health  and  fish welfare. Our objective is to monitor and reduce the  environmental  impact  of  our  business,  to ensure we produce a premium salmon product with a low environmental footprint.

We therefore place an emphasis on three key environmental areas:

- 1) climate change impacts
- 2) circular economy, pollution, and waste
- 3) biodiversity and nature

By reusing water, we optimise energy consumption related to pumping and heating, which reduces our CO2 footprint. By filtering and treating  wastewater,  we  reuse  more  marine resources.  Fish  sludge  is  also  collected  and

Our  research  is  based  on  co-operation  with several  research  communities  and  promotes knowledge transfer between internal and external stakeholders.

recycled, contributing to a circular economy. By having a closed farming system, we  also minimize  the risk  of  escapes  and  thus  the potential harm to local biodiversity and nature.

Photo: Salmon Evolution

<!-- image -->

Our environmental efforts should never compromise the health of our fish or our product quality. We therefore also focus on:

- 1) fish health and welfare
- 2) sustainable inputs and outputs
- 3) product certification and traceability*

*addressed in the Governance chapter

By  using  fresh  seawater  from  the  coast,  we create optimal farming and environmental conditions  for  our  fish,  which  result  in  better growth  and  a  shorter  production  time.  This enables a sustainable production process, with controlled and optimal growth conditions while limiting operational and biological risk.

<!-- image -->

Each of our choices is weighed against alternatives  to  ensure  that  we  carry  out  our operations  responsibly.  Sustainability  and  fish welfare are at the core of our vision as well as our actions as a firm. They are essential to the

## Environment and Technology

## Climate Change Impact

Salmon  Evolution's  hybrid  flow -through  system (HFS)  technology  ensures  rich  access  to  fresh filtered seawater. At Indre Harøy, the seawater intake is based on two intake pipes at 25 meters and 95 meters, respectively, enabling us to tap into water at ideal temperatures.

By combining supplies of clean and  fresh seawater with reuse, we minimise overall energy consumption for pumping and heating of seawater in the facility.

Our  energy  plant  has  a  very  high  output  in relation to the energy used.

## Estimated data for Phase 1- full run rate:

- Electricity usage  (mWh): 53,000
- Electricity usage (kWh/kg biomass (LW)): 5.8
- 100 % renewable energy

The HFS technology reuses ~65% of the water, while the remaining ~35% is fresh seawater. This ratio  is  our  'sweet  spot',  balancing cost  and operational risk while ensuring maximum production output.

Higher reusage levels require more filtration and water  treatment  which  again  implies  higher complexity and risk. On the other hand, a lower level of reusage will lead to significantly higher energy costs in connection with pumping and heating of water.

identity of Salmon Evolution and we commit to carry this forward as our operations grow and as we expand globally.

In  2021,  we  entered  into  a  100%  green  power supply agreement with Statkraft, Europe's largest generator of renewable energy. Statkraft is  fully  owned  by  the  Norwegian  government and is Norway's largest supplier of electricity to power-intensive industries.

The  agreement  ensures  further  reduction  of environmental  impact.  The  CEO  of  Salmon Evolution,  Mr.  Trond  Håkon  Schaug-Pettersen, sees this as a very positive step forward:

'As our company now have started commercial operations, our customers can be 100% certain that our salmon is produced with the lowest possible environmental footprint, setting a new benchmark for sustainably produced salmon.'

Through  the  agreement  with  Statkraft,  Salmon Evolution  will  be  guaranteed  100%  renewable energy for our land-based salmon farming facility at Indre Harøy. It secures the vast majority of  our  electricity  needs  through  2023  at  an attractive  and  fixed  price.  Furthermore,  the electricity will be sourced nearby, from Statkraft's hydropower plant at Grytten in Rauma  Municipality,  only  ~60  km  from  Indre Harøy.

<!-- image -->

In addition to this agreement, we have pursued other partnerships (see page 3 2 ) and ventures. In particular, we have begun a joint venture in South Korea, called K-Smart Farming. This landbased  salmon  farming  facility  places  the  HFS technology and Salmon Evolution's unique competence  closer  to  markets,  serving  as  a lower-CO2 alternative to long-haul transport and distribution.

Photo: Salmon Evolution

<!-- image -->

## Circular Economy, Pollution, and Waste

The HFS technology is built to take in and reuse large  quantities  of  clean  and  fresh  seawater from the ocean. We are able to create an ideal balance,  where  we  use  water  with  the  same high  quality  as  traditional  Norwegian  cagebased farming, but where we also have sufficient  space  and  access  to  the  necessary resources for large-scale production on land.

## Key Points -Climate Change Impacts

- Salmon is already a lower environmental impact protein, but through the HFS technology, we further reduce our climate impacts.
- We have a high performance and high output in relation to our energy consumption.
- Through our agreement with Statkraft, Salmon Evolution will be guaranteed 100% renewable energy through 2023.
- The South Korea land-based facility places operations much closer to the market, allowing us to reduce our CO2 footprint for long-haul transport and distribution.

The energy efficient system at Indre Harøy has also secured Salmon Evolution a grant of up to NOK 96.8 million from Enova. Enova is owned by the Norwegian Ministry of Climate and Environment  and  functions to  promote  the environmentally friendly production and consumption of energy. This grant will allow us to use even more resources to reduce greenhouse gas  emissions,  to  develop  energy-saving  and climate-friendly technology, and to strengthen the security of the Norwegian food supply.

This provides us the opportunity to commit to a truly sustainable production as well as to promote a circular economy.

We  plan  to  achieve  this  through  collecting, treating, and filtering feed residue and wastewater.  These  are  then  transported  to  a recirculation  plant  where  they  are  converted into short-travelled fertilizer, biogas, or similar.

<!-- image -->

In  addition to the ~65% of water being reused through the HFS technology, we also reuse the fish sludge as input for biogas or natural fertilizers. We  are  also  conducting  research  for  future usage areas.

## Key Points - Circular Economy, Pollution, &amp; Waste

- ~65% of water is reused.
- Wastewater and feed residue are collected, treated, and filtered.
- We are continuing research and development to ensure the responsible reuse and recirculation of wastewater, residues, and sludge.

By reusing and treating wastewater, and reusing water and sludge, we minimise our environmental footprint. Through our research,

## Biodiversity and Nature

Our  core  business is  about  preserving  and reusing  marine  resources  and  minimizing  our environmental impact. The HFS technology operates in a land-based and enclosed system, which means that through greater production control, there is a close to zero risk of the salmon escaping from the farm.

## Key Points -Biodiversity &amp; Nature

- Our closed system ensures minimal escape risk.
- Over the next year we will develop plans for monitoring local biodiversity and nature.

<!-- image -->

we aim to contribute to a circular economy by making these reuse solutions into feasible practices in the future.

We are committed to minimize negative impact to  the  local  environment.  In  the  coming  year, we therefore commit to developing a plan for monitoring local biodiversity and  nature  to ensure we achieve this important goal.

For the handling of waste from Phase 1 at Indre Harøy, we  are currently working with Blue Ocean Technology. Through this partnership, we aim to continue our efforts to make the reuse of these resources into viable alternatives.

## Fish and Water

## Fish Health and Welfare

At Salmon Evolution, we believe that biology is key to ensure responsible practices in the aquaculture  industry  and  ensuring  fish  health and welfare. We understand fish welfare as:

- freedom from hunger, thirst, and malnutrition
- freedom from extreme cold and heat
- freedom from injuries and illnesses
- freedom from anxiety, stress, and fear
- freedom to practice normal behaviour

## To ensure fish welfare, we focus on the following:

- access to fresh seawater and good nutrition
- access to optimal conditions, including space for protection and rest
- preventing and/or quickly diagnosing and treating injuries and illnesses
- providing sufficient area and excellent facilities aimed at recreating a living space for fish that is similar to their natural environment
- ensuring good conditions and treatment so that fish avoid mental or physical suffering

The HFS technology and the arrangement of our facility  enable  us  to  define  each  tank  as  an isolated biological zone. This means that water in  one  tank  never  mixes with water in another tank. Such an arrangement gives us full control of water parameters and the production environment and allows us to ensure biosecurity. Any potential biological outbreaks in one tank will never impact or contaminate  the fish swimming in another tank.

To ensure excellent biosecurity in our operations, we  have  implemented  a  quality  assurance system with dedicated personnel responsible for compliance  and  the training of staff. Our training  program  includes  promoting  general biosecurity knowledge and awareness, including the development of skills and the use of  measures  specifically  relevant  for  Salmon Evolution's facility.

To ensure optimal biological and growth conditions  in  the  fish  tanks,  oxygen  and  CO2 levels  are  constantly  monitored  and  adjusted. The  HFS  technology  engages  in  CO2  stripping and oxygenation to guarantee ideal environmental conditions for our fish.

## Estimated data for Phase 1- full run rate:

- Mortality 3-5 %
- Density as measured in kg/m3:
- o Minimum: 7 kg/m3
- o Maximum: 85 kg/m3
- Oxygen consumption (kg / tonnes biomass growth (LW)): 0.55

By drawing seawater from depths of 25 and 95 meters,  the  HFS  water  intake  is  further  filtered and treated with ultraviolet (UV) rays to eliminate  parasites,  sea  lice,  viruses,  infection, and additional particles. Filtering and disinfecting  intake  water  creates  an  infectionfree environment, reducing the risk of illness, and ensuring a rich flow of fresh and clean seawater into the tanks.

By  optimizing  water  quality  parameters  with ideal and stable temperatures, we can reduce the time to harvesting for each generation from approximately 16 to 11 months. This increased growth creates the basis for greater production efficiency and optimal utilization of our licensed volume.

<!-- image -->

Finally,  our  operations  reduce  the  handling  of fish,  which  create  better  growth  conditions.  It provides better opportunities for optimal

## Key Points -Fish Health &amp; Welfare

- The HFS technology allows us to create a stable climate, which is less stressful for our fish.
- We ensure biosecurity through separate tanks and distinct biological zones.
- Filtered seawater further minimises the risk of bacterial and viral pathogens; minimises risk of parasites; and limits threats of infection.
- We engage in minimal handling of our fish.

Photo: Salmon Evolution

<!-- image -->

By  maintaining  control  over  the  production environment and stable water parameters, we generate conditions for increased growth and a feeding and reduces loss and stress during the production cycle.

shorter  time  to  harvest.  Our  approach  ensures better fish health and  well-being, including reduced mortality and losses in production.

<!-- image -->

## Sustainable Inputs and Outputs

At full run rate in phase 1, we estimate a harvest volume of approximately 7,900 tonnes (HOG, or head  on  gutted), with a strong focus on optimising our sustainable inputs while reducing negative impacts for our outputs for this volume. Our most dominating inputs consist of seawater, power, feed, smolt, and oxygen.

In 2021, Salmon Evolution entered into a strategic  feed  partnership  with  Cargill.  Salmon Evolution will serve as their global flagship customer for land-based full grow out production.  Under  the  agreement,  Cargill  will supply 100% of Salmon Evolution's feed volumes for the Indre Harøy facility.

Cargill has further committed to allocate significant resources and R&amp;D capacity with the ambition to develop sustainable feed solutions tailored to our operational targets: securing high biological performance and premium product quality.

As  part  of  the  agreement  Salmon  Evolution carried out a private placement towards Cargill of USD 5 million.

When  asked  about  the  importance  of  the partnership  with  Cargill,  the  CEO  of  Salmon Evolution stated:

'Having the best possible feed is essential for every salmon farmer. Partic ularly, in our HFS system where we create optimal and stable living conditions for the salmon, we see a strong and untapped potential in tailoring a feed focused on maximizing biological performance and product quality.'

## Estimated data for Phase 1- full run rate:

- 100 % local seawater intake
- 9,300 tonnes of feed, corresponding to GHG emissions of 14,500 tons CO2 eq. excluding land use change (GW\_E\_LUC) and 18,100 tons CO2 eq. including land use change (GW\_I\_LUC).

Another important input is smolt. In August 2021, Salmon Evolution acquired 100% of the shares in Kraft Laks AS (now Salmon Evolution Dale AS), a family-owned smolt producer located in Dalsfjorden in Volda municipality, Norway.  The Company has a documented track record as a high  quality  smolt  producer  and  has  been producing smolt since 1995.

One  of  the  major  advantages  with  Salmon Evolution Dale is its excellent freshwater supply. Salmon  Evolution  Dale  has  access  to  clean freshwater from the surrounding mountains and is guaranteed a consistent supply of freshwater from the local power station.

This freshwater access enables Salmon Evolution Dale to utilize a similar production technology as Salmon Evolution uses at its grow-out facility, a hybrid  flow-through  system  (HFS)  with  reuse  of water, CO2 stripping and oxygenation- making it a perfect fit for Salmon Evolution.

Having  a  fully  inhouse  smolt  production  gives Salmon Evolution full operational control over a critical  part  of  the  value  chain.  It  secures  that Salmon Evolution is fully supplied with smolt for Phase 1 at Indre Harøy.

In addition to feed and smolt, another essential input  is  oxygen,  which  is  supplied  by  Nippon Gases.  We  share  many  of  the  same  values, making  this  an  ideal  partnership.  During  our selection  process,  one  of  the  most  important factors  was  the  focus  Nippon  Gases  has  on

<!-- image -->

sustainability. Their efforts have led EcoVadis to awarding  them  a  Gold  Medal,  and  they  are ranked in the top 5% for their sector.

## Social

Salmon  Evolution  is  committed  to  responsible business practices. We take seriously our duty to promote human rights and ensure labour standards,  equality,  and  non-discrimination  in our workforce.

We are determined to be a safe and stimulating place to work. We also aim to limit any negative impacts our operations may have on society as much  as  possible.  Through  our  concentrated investments, we have seen an important ripple

## Employee Well-Being, Health &amp; Safety

## Safe and Secure Workplaces

We  strive  for  the  highest  levels  of  safety  in working  conditions.  Our  suppliers  and  partners must all operate according to responsible labour standards. Going forward, we encourage contractors and other partners with operational activities to be certified according to  the  ISO  45001,  the  standard  for  a  safe  and healthy working environment.

In  2022,  there  were  zero  lost  time  injuries  (LTI), zero total recordable injuries (TRI), zero accidents,  and  zero  fatal  accidents  reported amongst Salmon Evolution employees. In total, there  were  zero  cases  of  sick  leave  under  16 days,  and  two  case  over  16  days.  Two  male employees  took  their  entitled  parental  leave and  returned.  In  addition,  one  male  and  one female started their entitled parental leave, and have not returned by the end the year.

By prioritizing responsible suppliers, we are able to ensure that we use sustainable inputs, leading us to create a truly healthy and sustainable final product.

effect that has led to positive impacts in local communities.

To ensure we track our efforts and impacts, and act  responsibly,  we  have  several  policies  and plans  in  place  regarding  health  and  safety, working environment, stakeholder engagement,  and  the  respectful  use  of  local areas. As we move forward, we will continue to monitor  and  improve  these  efforts  in  a  holistic way.

Amongst contract workers, there were  5  LTI,  9 TRI,  and  zero  fatal  accidents.  There  were  zero fatal accidents amongst third parties.

In 2022 the workload at the construction site at Indre Harøy has been high, and naturally it has been  many  workers  at  site.  Along  with  high activity and many workers, the complexity is also at  a  level  that  requires  a  lot  from  both  the contractors  and  the  workers.  To  ensure  safe working conditions and  reduce  the  risk of accidents, we have established a close dialogue with contractors and workers, as well as  developed  safety  routines.  We  maintain  a strong focus on security and sense of responsibility  for  our  employees.  We  strive  to consistently provide a controlled  and safe project progression regardless of the complexity or difficulty of the task.

To  ensure  this,  we  have  a  Health,  Safety  &amp; Environment (HSE) manager on site to train our

<!-- image -->

workers, conduct preventive HSE tasks, and to investigate any instances of potential violations or incidents.  An introduction to HSE and training are provided to everyone new to the workplace and  Salmon  Evolution  offers  HSE  and  first  aid courses to all its employees.

In addition to the HSE manager, Salmon Evolution has appointed a safety representative and chief safety representative. All HSE work is documented in our third-party system, Interaxo, through the filing of non-conformance reports, the  documentation  of  investigations,  and  any additional follow-ups necessary.

The  quality  manager  prepares  procedures  for work tasks that everyone is obliged to familiarize themselves with. Procedures for operations are assessed for risk  and  hazards  prior  to  initiation. Salmon  Evolution  has  an  Occupation  Safety Agreement with Medi3.

In 2021, we  established a process for our employees to receive regular performance and career development reviews which have been extended and improved throughout 2022.

We are in the process of taking the "pulse" of the organisation  through  flexible  surveys  through Simployer,  our  HRM  system.  These  are  user- friendly surveys stored in Simployer which will be used as a basis for strategic decisions in connection with organisational change.

Salmon Evolution has high ambitions for employee development in the company. Target and development interviews are conducted annually in Q1 and Q4, respectively. We have invested in a separate module in the HRM system, which simplifies the implementation and follow-up of the interviews. The  module  is  implemented  throughout  2022 and the first talks will be conducted in 2023.

Salmon Evolution aims to be an excellent and stimulating place to work, where employees are given  the  opportunity  to  use  their  skills  and abilities  to  contribute  both  to  the  company's and  their  own  progress.  Employees  receive systematic training focusing on developing skills tailored to individual needs and capabilities.

We are also committed to the employee wellbeing outside of working hours. That is why we have  established  a  corporate  sports  team  for promoting  activities  and  health  after  hours.  In 2023, we will look for new initiatives to promote worker health and well-being both during and after work hours.

<!-- image -->

## Diversity and Equal Opportunity

Salmon Evolution shall be an inclusive  working environment. We have zero-tolerance for harassment or discrimination, both of which are addressed in our Code of Conduct and Personnel Handbook.

We have a wage gender ratio of 89 % (99% in 2021), excluding management and apprentices.  The  average  base  salary  in  2022 was  NOK  710,000  for  our  female  employees compared to NOK 799,900 for our male employees.

Discrimination  based  on  ethnic  background, nationality, language, gender, sexual identity, or religious faith shall not occur. In 2022, there were zero cases of discrimination or harassment reported.  We  are  committed  to  promoting equal  opportunities  and  fair  treatment  of  all employees.

The  ratio  for  management  was  62  %  (89%  in 2021)  and  the  average  base  salary  was  NOK 1,735,800.

## First harvest successfully completed (November 2022)

<!-- image -->

Photo: Salmon Evolution

<!-- image -->

## Our Employees

At  the  end  of  2022,  Salmon  Evolution  had  60 employees,  all  100%  employed.  We  had  a turnover rate of 8%.

We  support the principles of freedom of association and collective bargaining agreements. All employees at Salmon Evolution may freely join any labour union of their choice and we strive to sustain a good relationship with employees and unions.

In 2022, all employees of Salmon Evolution were Norwegian.  We  had  13  employees  over  50 years old, 34 employees between the ages of

<!-- image -->

30-49, and 13 employees under 30 years old. There were 18 women and 42 men employed in 2022. Our Executive Management group consisted of three men and two women.

We are continuously  focusing  on  diversity  and  gender  balance.  The  gender  balance  in  Salmon Evolution as of 31.12.2022 was better than the average in the Industry Sector in Norway, which in 2021 was 79% men and 21% women according to Directorate of Fisheries.

## Responsible Supply Chain

Our suppliers are important contributors to the success of our business. We believe that transparent and frequent communication with both our customers and suppliers is vital for our success. We work closely with our suppliers and customers to minimise negative impact from our supply chain and we will continue to develop partnerships focusing on sustainability.

Suppliers that are in breach of our basic standards for ethics and corporate social responsibilities can be disqualified for  new tenders. However, if they do not comply with our standards, we first aim to work with the supplier to bring about improvements. If the supplier still does not comply, the supplier relationship can be terminated.

Salmon Evolution suppliers shall have standards for ethics and corporate social responsibility that follow the UN Global Compact principles. This shall apply to all suppliers as well as partnerships and employees.

<!-- image -->

## Stakeholder and Local Engagement

## Local Value Creation

Given that our land-based facility is located on Indre Harøy in Hustadvika municipality, Norway, we decided in 2019  to  move  our  head  office from Molde municipality to Elnesvågen, Hustadvika.  The  physical  relocation  was  done during the first two months of 2022.

For  the  first  phase  of  construction,  our  total investment on Indre Harøy will be approx. NOK 1.6 billion. From this, we have seen a major ripple effect for both the Møre og Romsdal region and Hustadvika  municipality,  in  the  form  of  large contracts  to  local  suppliers.  This  has  led  to comprehensive investments in their own companies.

## Stakeholder Engagement

Dialogue and engagement with our stakeholders help us understand what is expected of us, what is most important to our stakeholders,  how  they  are  impacted  by  our operations, and how we can work together in solving common challenges.

In  2021,  we  reviewed  our  stakeholders  and identified seven groups that  we  have  the possibility to impact or be impacted by. These are listed below:

<!-- image -->

For  example,  food  services  are  provided  by local  companies,  many  of  whom  have  seen record growth, which has led to further investments in the municipality. Other investments our local  suppliers  have  made include office premises and associated infrastructure,  which  have  directly  contributed to further local contracts and increased employment opportunities.

In total, Indre Harøy has employed around 200 workers daily through these contracts. Many of the contractors are also temporarily housed at local  hotels  while  working  at  the  construction site.  The  communities  we  impact,  from  the municipality to local inhabitants, have reacted positively to these developments.

Throughout  2022  we  have  been  in  regular contact with our employees, the local community  and  municipality,  our  customers, and our suppliers and service providers as part of  our  daily  operations.  Quarterly  reports  and presentations, and the latest relevant news from our company, are presented on our website.

Over  the  next  year,  we  commit  to  have  a continued focus on creating arenas for systematic and open dialogue with these groups  to  understand  our  impacts.  We  are committed  to  being  a  responsible  business through interacting with our stakeholders in both an ethical and transparent manner.

<!-- image -->

## Respectful Use of Land

The site of our land-based facility was originally a disused quarry. After over 30 years of operation,  the  quarry  was  emptied,  and  has remained vacant since. Because the land was left in this state, there was a very limited need for intrusive activities in the nature to complete the construction of our facility for farming salmon.

## Going Forward

Salmon Evolution will continue to prioritise local suppliers for our contracts. We will develop good relationships  with  local  communities  through creating an open dialogue and expanding our

## Governance

At Salmon Evolution, we believe that the foundation of good governance is built through strong  and  transparent  relationships  with  our internal and external stakeholders. Our current governing principles and procedures help establish the basis of these relationships.

Our principles include rules of procedure for the Board  of  Directors  (the  Board),  instructions  for the  chief  executive  officer,  regulations  on  the division of roles and responsibilities between the Board and the CEO, our investor relations policy, and manuals for the handling and disclosure of insider information.

As a Norwegian public limited liability company listed on Oslo Stock Exchange, Salmon Evolution bases  its  corporate  governance  structure  on Norwegian legislation and recommended guidelines.

Converting the disused quarry has provided an opportunity for us to engage in value-creating activities  in  an  area  where  there  were  limited opportunities for this. We made great efforts to create an optimal balance between generating value for local people and communities, while severely limiting landconversion and our impact on the environment.

engagement efforts. We believe that our operations should have as little negative impact as  possible,  and  as  we  grow,  we  will  develop new ways to monitor and assess our efforts.

Our Code  of Conduct includes the main principles for ethical business conduct at Salmon  Evolution,  and  detailed  guidelines  for anti-corruption, conflicts of interests, and whistleblowing routines. Our Code of Conduct applies  to  all  employees,  contract  workers, Board members, and all other persons acting on behalf of the company.

Our governance documents and practices are subject to regular review by the Board to ensure compliance and effectiveness.

Our approach to corporate governance places a high priority on building and maintaining trust and confidence in the company to ensure longterm value creation in the best interest of both our shareholders and stakeholders.

<!-- image -->

## Organisation and Governing Systems

## Organisation and Ownership

Salmon  Evolution  ASA  is  a  Norwegian  public limited liability company and has four subsidiaries.

<!-- image -->

Salmon Evolution Norway AS is the owner and operator of our facility at Indre Harøy and where most of our employees are employed. Salmon Evolution International AS is the holding company for our interests in North America and our  South  Korean  joint  venture  and  K  Smart Farming  is  the  joint  venture  between  Salmon Evolution  and  the  South  Korean  seafood  firm Dongwon Industries. Salmon Evolution Dale AS is producing smolt and will be the main supplier of smolt  to  our  facility  at  Indre  Harøy.    Salmon Evolution Sales AS is our sales company.

<!-- image -->

## Board of Directors report

## Introduction/summary

The  Board  of  Directors  is  responsible  for  the overall  management of Salmon  Evolution and may exercise  all  the  powers  on  our  behalf.  In accordance  with  Norwegian  law  (Norwegian Public Limited Liability Act), the Board of Directors is responsible for, among other things, supervising the general and day-to-day management of our business;  ensuring  proper organisation,  preparing  plans  and  budgets  for our activities; ensuring that our activities, accounts, and asset management are subject to adequate  controls.  They  also  undertake investigations necessary to ensure compliance with these duties.

The  Board  of  Directors  may  delegate  such matters to the Executive Management  of Salmon Evolution. The Executive Management is responsible for ensuring that day-to-day

## Board of directors -roles and CV's

Regional and international entrenchment and industry-based expertise characterise our directors. Their common denominator and driving force are a belief in farming salmon sustainably on land, based on the board's overall expertise and the choice of the right technology.

<!-- image -->

## Tore Tønseth, Chairman of the board

Investment vice president at Ronja Capital  and  has  worked  in  the  financial market  for  more  than  15  years.  Earlier appointments  include  share  analyst  in both  Sparebank  1  Markets  and  Pareto Securities, with seafood, technology and industry as special fields.

He was responsible for seafood analyses at SpareBank 1 Markets from 2013 to 2019. At the same time, he was in frequent demand as a speaker in Norway on seafood, finance and

operations are in accordance with instructions set out by the Board of Directors.

Among other responsibilities, our CEO is responsible for keeping the accounts at Salmon Evolution in accordance with existing Norwegian legislation and regulations, and for managing  the  Salmon  Evolution's  assets  in  a responsible manner.

At least once a month, our CEO must brief the Board  of  Directors  about  Salmon  Evolution's activities, financial position, and financial results.

This board of directors report outlines the main framework  regarding the  Group's corporate social responsibility and corporate governance. For  further  information  please  refer  to  the  ESG section of this report (page 15 -32 ).

sustainability. Tønseth also has a background from  various  technology start-ups,  where  he  has  been  both product manager and system developer.

Tønseth has an MSc in economics and administration from the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH), specialising in finance and econometrics.  Ronja  Capital is our largest shareholder.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Peder Stette, Board Member

Peder Stette has been in the fishing and aquaculture industry for the last 25 years. From 1994 he developed Peter Stette AS to be an important supplier of technical solutions  to  the  industry  before  merging with Optimar in 2014. Optimar was later sold to Haniel in 2017, and Peder had the position as CTO and later CCO  in Optimar until 2021. He is now the CEO of

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Anne Breiby, Board Member

Anne Breiby holds a Cans scient degree in fisheries biology from the University of Tromsø  and  experience  as  aquaculture coordinator  for  the  director  of  fisheries  in Nordland county, organisation secretary for the  Norwegian  Fish  Farmers  Association, political  adviser  in  the  Ministry  of  Fisheries and state  secretary  (junior  minister)  in  the Ministry of Trade and Industry.

Ingvild Vartdal, Board Member

Ingvild Vartdal has a law degree and long experience as a corporate lawyer, and is currently  a  lawyer  and  partner  in  Adviso Advokatfirma AS. She specializes in corporate  and  international  tax  and  has extensive  experience  from  these  areas  in industries like fishing, shipping and finance.

She has previously worked as a lawyer and partner  in  Advokatfirmaet  Schjødt  AS,  in

Stette  Holding,  a  family  investment company.

Peder  Stette holds the position as director of Ably Medical, Invisible Connections, Biaton, NSP Aid  and others. For the coming years he will use his knowledge and experience to build values  in  the  companies  the  Stette family is invested in.

Over  the  past  20  years,  Breiby  has been  self-employed  with  boardroom work as her main activity.

She  has  board  experience  from  inter alia  Ulstein  Group  ASA,  Rem Offshore ASA, Folketrygdfondet, Norges Sjømatråd AS and Sparebanken Møre. She is currently chair of Tafjord Kraft As and Åkerblå.

KPMG Law, and as a legal consultant at Bærum tax office. Vartdal has also been a member of the law committee for tax law.

Vartdal holds several directorships and has experience from business management  in  both  private  and listed companies.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Glen Allan Bradley, Board Member

Glen  Bradley  is  chair  of  Rofisk  AS,  which owns  Rostein  AS.  The  latter  is  one  of  the world's leading well boat owners and ranks among our substantial shareholders.

He has the equivalent of a BSc in economics, strategy and international marketing,  and  more  than  20  years  of

## Eunhong Min, Board Member

Eunhong  Min  is  the  CEO  of  Dongwon Indutries ,  one  of  Korea's  leading  seafood companies. He is bringing a broad international experience to the Board.

experience in the salmon industry. He is currently deputy CEO of Rostein AS.

As a director and shareholder, Bradley wants  to  use  his  experience  and  big commitment to the salmon industry to help us become an important company, both for the region and for our owners.

various leading positions within  the  fields  of  strategy, business  development  and sales.

Prior to joining Dongwon, Mr. Min worked 27 years for  Proctor  &amp;  Gamble  and  held

## Janne-Grethe Strand Aasnæs, Board Member

Janne-Grethe  Strand  Aasnæs  is  the  CEO and majority  owner of  Strand Havfiske  AS, an  Ålesund  based  fishing  vessel  company mainly  engaged  in  whitefish  and  pelagic business.

She has prior to that been engaged in the financial industry as a financial analyst/portfolio manager and manager of client relations within asset management. She holds an MBA and is a Certified financial analyst (AFA).

Janne-Grethe holds several directorships  in  both  the  private  and public sector and has a long experience in managing and developing companies.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Håkon Andre Berg, Board Member

Håkon André Berg has a solid background in management of strategy  and  business  development. He  has  a  MSc  in  finance  from  the Norwegian School of Economics and served  as  CEO  and  CFO  in  Salmon Evolution from 2019 till 2022.

Berg has 15 years of extensive industrial and  financial  experience

## Important events in 2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Annual report 2022

from various private-equity-related companies.  Prior  to  Salmon  Evolution he  held  positions  as  partner  in  the private  equity  companies Broodstock Capital Partners and Midvestor Management. He has also  served  as associate  at  Argentum  Private  Equity and analyst at Bridgehead Corporate Finance.

## Corporate social responsibility

Salmon  Evolution  is  committed  to  responsible business practices with respect to human rights, labour standards, equality and nondiscrimination, social matters, the external environment,  and  anti-corruption.  The  Group shall  comply  with  the  UN  Global  Compact principles and OECD guidelines for multinational companies.

The Group has developed a Code of Conduct including guidelines for ethical behaviour, anticorruption,  integrity  and  conflicts  of  interest, corporate responsibility and whistleblowing. The Code  of  Conduct  applies  to  all  employees,

## Environment

Salmon  Evolution's  ambition  and  aim  are  an inclusive  and  prosperous  development  of  the aquaculture industry within a stable and resilient e arth system. The company's business strategy and objective are to be a leader in producing and  selling  salmon  with  lower  environmental footprint.

Salmon Evolution strives to reduce the environmental impact of its business. By having a closed system, the company eliminates the risk

## Working environment

Salmon Evolution aims to be a good, stimulating place to work, where employees are given the opportunity  to  use  their  skills  and  abilities  to contribute both the company's and their own progress.  Employees  shall  receive  systematic training and Salmon Evolution can contribute to develop skills on individual basis.

All employees in Salmon Evolution shall enjoy a high level of safety in their work. Salmon Evolution  aim  for  all  suppliers  and  partners  to operate  to  responsible  labour  standards,  and the company encourage contractors and other contract  workers,  board  members  and  other persons acting on behalf of the company. The Code of Conduct is available from the company's  website  www.salmonevolution.no. For  further  information  about  our  corporate social responsibility activities, please see the ESG section of this report.

In  addition,  the  Group  will  release  a  report covering the requirements of the Transparency act (Åpenhetsloven) by the end of June 2023. The report will  be  made  available  on  the company web page.

of escapes. Further, energy consumption relating  to  pumping  and  heating  of  water  is reduced through reusage of water while at the same  time  not  compromising  on  fish  welfare. Also, the wastewater is filtered, sludge collected and  recycled  and  hence  contributing  to  a circular economy.

The  company's sustainability  strategy  is  further described in separate section under Company description.

partners with operational activities to be certified according to the ISO standard for the working environment and safety. The company continuously collaborate with suppliers to make improvements.

There were no injuries or accidents reported or investigated amongst Salmon Evolution employees in 2022.

Total  sick  leave  for  the  company  in  2022  was 0.8%.

<!-- image -->

## Diversity and equal opportunity

Salmon Evolution shall have an inclusive working environment. Discrimination or harassment based on ethnic background, nationality, language,  gender,  sexual  identity  or  religious faith shall not occur. No cases of discrimination or harassment were reported or investigated in 2022.

The company shall promote equal opportunities and fair treatment of all employees.

At  the  end  of  2022,  Salmon  Evolution  had  60 employees,  of  whom  18  women.  This  is  better

## Anti-corruption and anti-bribery

Salmon  Evolution's  anti -corruption  policy  and anti-bribery policy are developed in compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices  Act,  the  U.K  Bribery  Act  and  other applicable anti-corruption laws, and states that

## Whistleblowing

Salmon Evolution wishes to sustain open communication about responsible and ethical conduct at Salmon Evolution. We have set out guidelines for giving notice of breaches of the

## Product Certifications and Traceability

With stable growth conditions and high biological input from roe to harvest-ready fish, we meet the highest quality standards- as well as the  market's  requirements  for  high  and uniform harvest weight. We aim to always have full  control  of  the  biomass.  Modern  monitoring systems track the fish and their welfare indicators at  individual  level,  which  allows  us  to  sort  and register the fish effectively.

A land-based farm is protected from many of the challenges faced in the sea. This is combined  with  the  best  possible  fish  health, optimal water quality, and high-quality sustainable feed to give our customers first-class salmon. To make  sure we  deliver on our than gender balance in The Industry Sector in Norway, which in 2021 was 79% men and 21% women according to the Directorate of Fisheries.  The  executive  management  group consists  of  4  men  and  2  women.  The  board consists of 5 men and 3 women.

Employees of Salmon Evolution may freely join any labour union of their choice. Salmon Evolution shall work to sustain a good relationship with employees and unions.

Salmon Evolution will not engage in, or otherwise tolerate, any form of bribery or corruption in the business dealings of any member of the Salmon Evolution group. No corruption or bribery cases were reported or investigated in 2022.

law, rules, ethical guidelines, and other unacceptable  circumstances.  Employees  are encouraged to follow the procedures contained in the whistle-blowing guidelines.

promises,  we  focus  on  two  programs  to  be certified within.

First,  we  are  certified  according  to  the  Global G.A.P. Aquaculture standard. The standard covers the entire production chain from brood stock, seedlings and feed suppliers to farming, harvesting and processing. The program ensures Good Agricultural Practices.

Second, the Company  is now  working to towards  the  Aquaculture  Stewardship  Council (ASC),  an  organisation  that  establishes  strict protocols for labelling farmed seafood through sustainable aquaculture, to get the certifications.

<!-- image -->

## A sustainable food chain with traceability from roe to plate

These programs set strict requirements for responsible farming, which encourage seafood producers to track and minimise the environmental and social impacts of their business. The standards  addressed  in these schemes cover the production process from roe stage to fish slaughter.

## Corporate governance

Salmon Evolution depends upon good relations with its stakeholders to succeed. Good corporate governance is important to build and maintain trust and confidence in the company and to ensure longterm value creation in the best interest of the Company's shareho lders.

## Corporate governance principles and practices

Current principles and procedures include rules of procedure for the board of directors, instruction for the chief executive officer, regulating the division of roles and responsibilities between the board and the CEO, investor relations policy and manuals for handling and disclosing insider information.

The Board has also adopted a Code of Conduct including guidelines for anti-corruption, conflicts of interests and whistleblowing routines, stipulating the main principles for ethical business  conduct  applying  to  all  employees, contract  workers,  board  members  and  other persons acting on behalf of the company.

The  company's  governance  documents and practices will be subject to annual reviews and discussions by the board of directors.

Risk management and internal control are given high priority by the board of directors ensuring that  adequate  systems  for  risk  management and  internal  control  are  in  place.  The  control system  consists  of  independent  areas  which include risk management, control environment, control activities, information and communication and monitoring.  The  board  of directors shall conduct an annual organisational risk review in order to identify real and potential risk that have and/or can occurred.

## Shares and Negotiability, Equal Treatment of Shareholders, and Transactions with Close Associates

Salmon Evolution has one class of shares, carrying equal voting rights. There are no restrictions  on  owning,  trading,  or  voting  for shares in Salmon Evolution's Articles of Association.

In April 2022, Salmon Evolution made a private placement  where  the  pre-emptive  rights  of

Through  these  two  certifications,  we  commit ourselves to transparency in our operations and to safeguarding and documenting traceability and food safety.

shareholders were set aside. The reason for this action  was  provided  in  the  stock  exchange release in connection the placement.

Any  transactions  in  own  shares  will  be  carried out  either  through  Oslo  Stock  Exchange  or otherwise at prevailing market prices. If there is limited  liquidity  in  our  shares,  we  will  consider

## Transactions with Related Parties

During  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  the Group  engages  in  certain  transactions  with related  parties.  The  following  is  a  summary  of related  party  transactions  carried  out  in  the period:

The  Company  has  a  consultancy  agreement with  Peder  Stette  (board  member)  and  Frode Kjølås (chair nomination committee) relating to assistance  in  certain  projects  on  an  ad-hoc basis.

The  Group  has  during  2022  purchased  legal services  from  Adviso  Advokatfirma  AS  in  the amount of NOK 206,000 in its ordinary course of business.  Board  member  Ingvild  Vartdal  is  a other  ways  to  ensure  equal  treatment  of  all shareholders.

For major transactions between Salmon Evolution, our shareholders, subsidiaries, members of the board,  leading employees  or other close related parties, an evaluation will be performed by an independent third party and treated by the general meeting.

partner at Adviso Advokatfirma AS but has not had any role in the services rendered to Salmon Evolution.

In Addition, the Company have purchased well boat services from Rostein AS in the amount of NOK 1.7 million. Rofisk AS owns Rostein AS (100%), and  board  member  Glen  Allan  Bradley  is  the chair of the Board in Rofisk AS.

There were no other material transactions with related parties during 2022.

For information on transaction with close associates, see Note 23 in the annual accounts.

## Board of Directors, Nominations and Committee, and Board Authorisations

On  18  March  2021,  Salmon  Evolution  held  an extraordinary general meeting (EGM). The purpose was to approve the conversion into a public  limited  liability  company,  appoint  new board members, establish a nomination committee, and grant an authorization to  the Board of Directors to issue the shares in the 11 March 2021 private placement and the issuance of shares in connection with a subsequent offering.

In connection with these changes, new Articles of  Association  were  adopted.  The  Articles  of Association stipulate that the Board of Directors shall include five to nine directors. The Board of Directors  and  the  chair  are  elected  by  the general meeting pursuant to the general meeting's further decision. As of 31 December 2022,  the  following  directors  were  represented on the Board:

<!-- image -->

| Name  Role  Elected  until  Independent of  management and  material business  associates?  (yes/no)  Independent  of major  shareholder?  (yes/no)  Board  meeting  attendance  2022  Comment  Tore Tønseth  Chair  2024  Yes  Yes  15/15  Associated  with Ronja  Capital II AS  Anne Breiby  Director  2023  Yes  Yes  15/15  Glen Allan  Bradley  Director  2023  Yes  Yes  15/15  Associated  with Rofisk AS,  Salmoserve AS  and Ocean  Industries AS  Peder Stette  Director  2023  Yes  Yes  14/15  Associated  with Stette  Invest AS  Håkon Andre  Berg*  Director  2024  Yes  Yes  1/1  Associated  with Carried  Away AS  Janne-Grethe  Strand Aasnæs  Director  2024  Yes  Yes  15/15  Associated  with Nikaro AS  Ingvild Vartal  Director  2024  Yes  Yes  15/15  Eunhong Min**  Director  2024  No  Yes  2/4  Associated  with Dongwon  Industries   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Elected from October 2022

**Elected from June 2022

The  composition  of  the  Board  is  based  on representation of Salmon Evolution's shareholders, as well as the company's need for competence, experience, capacity, and ability to form balanced decisions.

It was further resolved at the EGM that Salmon Evolution  shall  have  a  nomination  committee. The Nomination Committee will be responsible for proposing candidates to the Board and the Nomination  Committee,  and  remuneration  to the members of these bodies.

## Compensation approach

Salmon  Evolution  does  not  currently  have  a remuneration committee as this is not considered necessary in the light of the composition of the Board of Directors.

Remuneration  of  the  board  is  decided  by Salmon Evolution's general meeting, and reflects the board's responsibility, expertise, time

The Nomination Committee was elected at the ordinary general meeting in 2021. This was also when the Instruction for the Nomination Committee entered into force.

The  Company  has  entered  into  a  board  of directors  and  officers  liability  insurance  policy. The insurance covers defence costs, legal representation expenses and losses arising from claims for the company's board of directors and officers. The insurance policy has an aggregate limit of liability of NOK 100 million.

commitment  and  the  complexity  of  Salmon Evolution's  activities.  Note 9  of  the  financial statement provides details of all elements of the remuneration and benefits for each member of the board. The remuneration is not linked to the Company's performance.

Remuneration of the Executive Management is decided by the board in accordance with the Norwegian  Public  Limited  Liability  Companies Act. The board has the responsibility to ensure convergence  of  the  financial  interest  of  the Executive  Management and the stakeholders.

The  board  aims  to  ensure  that  performancerelated remuneration of the Executive

## Compliance

As a Norwegian public limited liability company listed on Oslo Stock exchange, Salmon Evolution bases  its  corporate  governance  structure  on Norwegian legislation and recommended guidelines.

The  Company  is  subject  to  The  Norwegian Corporate Governance Board's (NUES) recommendation  on  corporate  governance. Salmon  Evolution  complies  with  the  current Code  of  Practice  for  Corporate  Governance, published  14  October  2021,  with  the  following exceptions:

## General Meeting:

- The general meeting is chaired by the chairman  of  the  board  of  directors  or  an individual appointed by the chairman of the board of directors. Having the chairman of the board of directors or a person appointed by him chairing the general meetings simplifies  the  preparations  for  the  general meetings significantly. In  the  Company's experience, its procedures for the chairmanship and execution of general meetings have proven satisfactory.
- The shareholders are invited to vote on the composition of the board of directors proposed by the nomination committee as a group,  and  not  on  each  board  member separately, as it is important to the Group that the board of directors of the Company works

Management  in  the  form  of  share  options, annual bonus programs or the like, if used, are linked  to  value  creation  for  shareholders  or Salmon Evolution's earnings performance over time. Note 9 of the financial statement provide details of all elements of the remuneration and benefits  for  each  member  of  the  Executive Management.

in  the  best  possible manner as a team and that  the  background  and  competence  of the board members complement each other.

- The  Company  encourages  shareholders  to attend  the  general  meeting.  It  is  also  the intention to have  representatives of the board of directors and the chairman of the nomination committee to attend the general meeting. The Company will, however, normally  not  have  the  entire  board  attend the meeting as this is considered unnecessary. This represents a deviation from the Code  of  Practice  which  states  that arrangements shall be made  to ensure participation by all directors.

## The work of the Board of Directors:

- The  Company  does  not  currently  have  a remuneration committee as this is not considered  necessary  in  the  light  of  the composition  of  the  board  of  directors.  The Company will however consider establishing a remuneration committee going forward.

## Takeovers:

- The Company  does  not  have  separate guidelines on how to respond in the event of a  takeover  bid.  The  Norwegian  Code  of Practice recommends the adoption of such guidelines.

<!-- image -->

In  addition,  the  Group  has  focus  on  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  and  have implemented routines to track which risks the organization is exposed to and what consequences this could have.

## Investor Relations Policy

Salmon Evolution's Investor Relations Policy sets the basic principles for our communication and dialogue with capital markets participants, including guidelines for contact with shareholders outside general meetings. We are committed  to  providing  our  shareholders  with accurate, clear, relevant, and complete information  on  our  performance  and  market position.

relations  activities  lies  with  our  CFO.  Salmon Evolution  provides  quarterly  reports  in  line  with Oslo Stock Exchange's recommendations.

Communication with stakeholders shall be based on the principles of equal treatment and transparency, and we aim to continually ensure trust and stakeholder confidence. The responsibility for Salmon Evolution's investor

Presentations are given in connection with the disclosure  of  the  interim  results  to  provide  an overview of operational and financial developments.  The  presentations  are  open  to the  public  and  made  available  through  a webcast.  All  information  is  provided  in  English and distributed to our shareholders through Oslo Stock Exchange's news channel www.newsweb.no and our website at: https://salmonevolution.no/investor/reports/.

## Inside a fish tank during smolt release (December 2022)

<!-- image -->

Photo: Salmon Evolution

## Shareholder Information

Salmon  Evolution was  successfully listed on Merkur  Market  (now  Euronext  Growth)  on  18 September  2020.  Further,  the  Company  was listed on Oslo Stock Exchange (Oslo Børs) 9 July 2021,  the  last  day  of  trading  of  the  shares  on Euronext Growth (Oslo) was 8 July 2021.

As  per  31  December  2022  Ronja  Capital  II  AS was  the  Company's  largest  shareholder  with 27,393,242 shares, corresponding to 7.9% of the total  number  of  shares  outstanding.  The  20 largest shareholders held 56.9% of the shares in the Company.

The closing price for the Company's share was NOK 8.27 per share as per 31 December, which corresponded to a market capitalization of NOK ~2.9 billion.

20 largest shareholders 31 December 2022

| Shareholder  #of shares  % share  Ronja Capital II AS  27 393 242  7,9 %  The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV  22 310 787  6,5 %  Farvatn Private Equity AS  17 649 433  Dongwon Industries Co. Ltd  16 044 572  4,6 %  Rofisk AS  14 537 897  4,2 %  Stette Invest AS  11 569 338  11 207 738  3,2 %  JP . Morgan SE  8 141 141  2,4 %  Mevold Invest AS  7994 252  Lyngheim Invest AS  2,3 %  Jakob Hatteland Holding AS  7441 374  2,2 %  Ewos AS  7418 309  2,1 %  Bortebakken AS  7 301 134  Verdipapirfondet Dnb Norge  5 717 376  1,7 %  Nordnet Livsforsikring AS  5 278 862  1,5 %  Verdipapirfondet DNB SMB  4 685 346  1,4 %  VPF DNB Norge Selektiv  4 518 643  1,3 %  Salmoserve AS  3 782 921  1,1 %  CACEIS Bank  3033 333  0,9 %  Smfge Eiendom AS  2 788 245  0,8 %  Total 20 largest shareholders  196 624 677  56,9 %  Other shareholders  149 130 145  43,1 %  Total number of shares  345 754 822  100,0 %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Source: VPS, Company

<!-- image -->

## Operational development

The  Company  has  now  been  operating  the Indre Harøy  facility for more  than  a  year, stocked five batches of smolt and fully harvested out batch 1 with very strong results, the  latter  being  a  major  milestone  for  the Company.

Total  batch  1  harvest  volume  ended  at  ~340 tonnes HOG with an average weight of ~3.75 kg HOG (~4.5 kg LW). The harvest was spread over ~1 month in 3 rounds from early November to early December  which gave an effective production  cycle  of  around  7-8  months  since stocking. The harvest also showed  a very homogeneous weight profile across the batch with  a  very  tight  spread  in  weights,  despite batch 1 not being graded on size since stocking. This is a clear indication of good feed distribution within the fish tanks.

Furthermore, the last harvesting  round  saw strong  harvest  weights  with  around  80%  being above 4 kg HOG and less than 2% below 3 kg HOG. Total mortality for batch 1 ended at 5.8% and 4.0% if excluding customary first 30 days in grow out facility.

The harvest also confirmed strong product quality,  demonstrated  by  an  industry  leading superior  share  of  96%.  This  contributed  to  an average realized price for batch 1 of NOK 75/kg and NOK  78/kg for Superior 3+ kg  HOG, representing a NOK ~3/kg premium to corresponding Nasdaq prices.

The  first  harvest  was  sold  to  a  selected  mix  of customers,  both  in  Norway  and  abroad  and across  different  segments  and  channels.  Our salmon  has  proven  to  be  well  suited  for  both conventional  cooking,  raw  consumption  and smoked and the feedback from customers has been very positive. Over the coming months the Company  will continue to build on these experiences  and  relationships  ahead  of  the planned  increase  in  harvest  volumes  for  the remainder of 2023.

During  the  fourth  quarter  another  important milestone was reached when batch 2 was split in two and simultaneously graded on size using our highly automated fish logistics and distribution system. This operation went according to plan with minimal registered mortality. In Q1 2023 batch 2 has been split and graded one more time and now consists of four fish  groups  with  an  average  weight  of  around 3.5 kg with the largest group being around 3.7 kg as per 31 March 2023.

| ## Group biomass development  31 December 2022  31 March 2023  Biomass  Biomass  Batch  Unit: (#)  Weight (9)  Unit: (#)  Weight (9)  Comment:  (tonnes)  (tonnes)  Batch #2  ~228,000  ~1,875  428  ~225,000  3,450  777  Stocked mid July  Batch 43  ~200,000  ~555  112  ~198,000  ~1,385  275  Stocked late October  Batch #4  ~265,000  ~360  96  ~264,000  ~970  256  Stocked early December  Batch #5  ~370  96  Stocked late February  Total Indre Harøy  ~695,00o  ~915  637  ~945,00o  1,403  Smolt  ~2,305,000  ~42  96  ~2,610,000  ~26  Total Group  ~3,000,00o  733  ~3,555,00o  1,472   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  fourth  quarter  the  Company  also released  its  third  and  fourth  batch  of  smolt  at Indre Harøy. Batch 3 was  stocked in late October and comprised 200,000 smolt with an average weight of around 220 grams. As per 31 March 2023 the fish had reached ~1,385 grams.

Batch  4  was  stocked  in  early  December  and comprised 265,000 smolt with an average weight of around  260 grams, marking the Company first 'full size' smolt release. As per 31 March 2023 the group had reached an average weight of ~970 grams.

In February 2023 another 'full size' smolt release was  completed  marking  the  Company's  fift h smolt  release.  Going  forward  the  Company plans to stock 'full size' batches of smolt at Indre Harøy every second month.

The  Company  continues  to  increase  biomass production and the positive trend has continued into 2023. As per 31 March the Group

## Salmon from first harvest (November 2022)

Photo: Salmon Evolution

<!-- image -->

had a total standing biomass of 1,472 tonnes of which 69 tonnes at our smolt facility. This represents a doubling compared to 31 December 202 2 .

The  Company  continues  to  see  low  mortality levels, even as the density levels are increasing. For batch 2 the accumulated mortality stood at 2.2% per 31 March 2023, clearly outperforming the levels seen for batch 1. Mortality levels also remain low for both batch 3, 4 and 5, demonstrating the benefits of having a controlled  environment  with  minimal  manual handling of the salmon.

The Company highlights that operations are still in an early stage and there is a continuous focus on tuning the systems to optimize the biological performance while at the same time reducing risk  to  a  minimum.  Such  modification  work  will from  time  to  time  require  pauses  in  feeding which also should be taken into consideration when evaluating the biological performance.

## Indre Harøy phase 1

The first two fish tanks together with the connecting technical room as well as the water intake  station  and  other  linked  parts  of  the facility  was  taken  over  by  Salmon  Evolution  in March  2022  upon  which  the  first  smolt  was released into the facility in late March 2022.

Furthermore in 2022, the construction work has progressed according to plan, with new tanks being taken over and  put  into operations throughout the year. The last two tanks and its

## Indre Harøy Phase 1 (December 2022)

Photo: Salmon Evolution

<!-- image -->

## Indre Harøy phase 2

During 2022, and especially during the second half of 2022, the preparatory activities for phase 2  have continued with focus on implementing learning effects from phase 1, identifying savings and  scaling  effects  from  phase  1,  defining  a cooperation model designed at further optimizing the project management and develop a cost budget for phase 2.

connecting  technical  rooms  was  taken  over medio April. Hence, Indre Harøy phase 1 is now fully completed.

Being fully completed allows for streamlining of the  production  process  with  two  'production lines', each consisting of 6 tanks and where fish groups are regularity split and transferred to the next departments allowing for stocking of new batches in emptied tanks.

Salmon Evolution is seeing clear signs of normalization in the construction market, evidenced by an increasing level of availability amongst various types of suppliers relevant for phase 2.

Salmon  Evolution  has  made  no  contractual commitments as to phase 2, although the plan

is to commence phase 2 in continuation to the completion of phase 1.

The Company has also completed the blasting works for the water intake station for both phase 2 and phase 3. The process went according to plan  and  gave  valuable  experience  as  to conducting heavy construction works while at the same time operating the phase 1 facility. The Company  has  also  completed  some  blasting and excavation works for the fish tanks for phase 2 to verify that this would not negatively affect

## Indre Harøy phase 2 illustration

<!-- image -->

Illustration: Salmon Evolution

As part of the phase 2 project Salmon Evolution is  also  developing  an  expansion  plan  for  our smolt  facility  so  that  the  facility  can  serve  the smolt needs for phase 2. This project is ongoing the ongoing farming operations. This also went according to plan with no negative biological effects observed.

Phase  2  preparatory  activities  are  moderate from a financial perspective. Upon  a  final investment  decision,  the  Company  intends  to structure  the  projects  in  a  similar  way  as  for phase  1,  with  financing  reservations  for  the various subcontractors. Finally, when phase 2 is formally initiated, the first 6-9 months are relatively capex light.

but as it is interlinked with our Indre Harøy phase 2 project, no investment decision will be taken before  we  formally  decide  to  initiate  phase  2 construction at Indre Harøy.

<!-- image -->

Phase 2 preparations -blasting work has started

<!-- image -->

Photo: Salmon Evolution

## K-Smart Farming

## Introduction to K Smart

The Company has a joint venture with the South Korean seafood giant Dongwon Industries where  the  plan  is  to  develop,  construct  and operate a 16,800 tonnes  HOG  land-based salmon  farming  facility  in  South  Korea,  using Salmon  Evolution's  technology  approach  and competence.

The joint venture is named K Smart Farming ('K Smart').  The  project  will  be  completed  in  two phases, with each phase aiming to achieve an annual  capacity  of  8,400  tonnes  HOG,  16,800 tonnes combined.

Under the terms of the Joint Venture agreement, Dongwon  Industries will facilitate  75%  debt financing for KSmart's phase 1 project.

The parties have identified a production site in Yangyang on the northeast coastline of South Korea,  with  solid  data  points  on  water  quality and temperatures. In addition, K Smart has also acquired an existing smolt facility in Jeongseon which will be upgraded and used for supplying smolt to the grow out facility in Yangyang. The acquired  smolt  facility  has  been  producing freshwater trout for many years.

<!-- image -->

## Project status

During the second half of 2022 focus continued to be centred around design and engineering activities in cooperation with Billund Aquaculture as design partner.

Salmon  Evolution  now  have  4  FTEs  based  in Korea and K Smart has established an organization  located  in  the  Dongwon  head office in Seoul.

Significant  progress  has  been  made  on  the design  for  the  smolt  facility  where  90%  design review was completed during Q1 2023.

Design work for the grow-out facility in Yangyang  was  intensified  during  the  fourth quarter  with  focus  on  implementing  learning effects from Indre Harøy alongside incorporating required site-specific  changes. This design work will continue over the coming quarters.

K Smart is also working actively with the permitting  processes  and  significant  resources have been devoted to document the environmental effect of the project. Contrary to

## Illustration grow-out facility Yangyang

<!-- image -->

Illustration: Salmon Evolution

Yangyang on-growing site

<!-- image -->

Jeongseon smolt site

<!-- image -->

Norway,  land-based  salmon  farming  is  a  new industry in South Korea and regulatory processes takes  time,  but  the  company  is  continuing  to experience  strong  support  from  both  local, regional and national stakeholders and expect clarification  on  several  key  permits  over  the coming months, allowing for construction start of grow-out facility during 2023.

## North America

Salmon Evolution has initiated a process with the aim  of  expanding  its  farming  operations  into North America and at the same time raising its production  capacity  target  to  100,000  tonnes HOG by 2032.

Salmon Evolution continues to evaluate selected identified potential production sites in North America, both on the US and Canadian side of the border. As part of the site verification processes which include fatal flaws analyses of both water, biological, technical and regulatory aspects, the Company is currently in dialogue with various stakeholders, both public  and private. The Company expects to use the next quarters  for  such  site  selection  and  initial  site verifications.

It is expected that site verification and relevant regulatory approval processes will take around

## Events after balance sheet date

## Signed agreement for new NOK 1,550 million green debt financing package

The Company has entered into a binding loan agreement  with  DNB  and  Nordea  for  a  new green  debt  financing  package  totalling  NOK 1,550 million relating to phase 1 and 2 at Indre Harøy.

The new debt financing package consists of the following facilities:

- -NOK  525  million  non-amortizing  Term  Loan Facility  which  will  refinance  the  Company's

existing NOK 525 million construction loan relating to phase 1 (the 'Term Loan')

- NOK 250 million RCF Capex Facility available for general corporate purposes including Indre Harøy phase 2 capex (the 'RCF Facility')
- NOK 775 million Construction Facility available for  financing  of  capex  relating  to  phase  2  at Indre Harøy (the 'Construction Facility')

<!-- image -->

three  years,  allowing  for  construction  start  in 2025 or 2026, upon which the plan is to build a full scale 31.5 tonnes HOG 'Indre Harøy' facility drawing  on  the  experiences  learned  in  both Norway and Korea.

To  facilitate  this  expansion,  the  Company  has established a dedicated team of both in-house and external resources. Additionally, the Company  has  incorporated  a  US  corporate structure under its full ownership.

The Company's strategy of pursuing accretive partnerships in overseas markets remains unchanged.  As  the  project  develops,  Salmon Evolution aims to engage in partnership structures leveraging the human capital in our Group and maximizing shareholder value.

## Financial performance

## Going concern

The  consolidated  financial  statement  is  prepared  in  accordance  with  International  Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The Board confirms that it is appropriate to prepare the Annual Report based on a going concern assumption. The Group believes it is adequately funded and has access to additional capital if required.

## Income statement

Total  revenues  for  2022  accumulates  to  NOK 47.7  million  for  the  Group.  The  revenues  are directly  related  to  both  the  sale  of  smolt  from Salmon Evolution Dale to an external client and sale of salmon from Indre Harøy.

Personnel  expenses  as  per  31  December  2022 sums up to NOK 50.0 million. For 2022 approximately 32% of the total personnel expenses are capitalized and allocated to the building project at Indre Harøy.

Other  operating  expenses  totalled  NOK  65.5 million, which is NOK 39.6 million higher than for the same period last year. The increase reflects the higher activity level in the  Company, continued  operating  expenses  at  Indre  Harøy

## Cash flow

Consolidated  net  cash  flow  from  operating activities was NOK -76.1 million in 2022 compared  to  NOK  -66.7  million  for  the  same period last year.

Net  cash  flow  from  investment  activities  was NOK -796.1 million in 2022, which is approx. at the same level as in 2021 (NOK -754.6 million).

Cash flow from financing activities in 2022 was NOK  645.5  million,  which  mainly  consist  of  a and  South  Korea,  the  establishment  in  North America and other administration expenses.

For  2022  the  Company  has  made  fair  value adjustments of the biomass of NOK 11.7 million leaving  an  operating  profit  for  the  full  year  at NOK -62.9 million.

Total depreciations were NOK 6.2 million and net financials  was  positive  with  NOK  30.2  million, including  unrealized  changes  in  value  of  both interest rate swaps  and  the power  supply contract, in total NOK 25.5 million.

Loss before tax was NOK 32.7 million as per 31 December 2022.

Assets under construction are not depreciated.

successful private placement in April in addition to several  drawdowns  on  the  Construction facility and overdraft facilities.

Total  net  cash  flow  for  2022  was  NOK  -226.8 million.  The  liquidity  position  at  the  end  of  the period was strong, with cash and cash equivalents of NOK  278.8  million and  total available liquidity  of  NOK  400  million  including committed undrawn credit facilities.

<!-- image -->

## Financial position

The carrying amount of Salmon Evolution's total fixed assets as of 31 December 2022 was NOK 1,851 million, compared to NOK 1,079 million 31 December 2021. Fixed assets are mainly related to the construction work at Indre Harøy, comprising  capitalized  costs  related  to  both personnel expenses and construction cost, land acquisition and Dale smolt facility as well other smaller items.

Total equity amounted to NOK 1,564 million. With total assets of NOK 2,306 million, this corresponds to an equity ratio of 68%. Consolidated interestbearing liabilities totalled NOK 582 million.

In October 2020, Salmon Evolution was granted NOK 14 million  in  funding  from  the  Norwegian tax incentive scheme Skattefunn. The incentive scheme  will  be  distributed  over  a  three-year period  and  is  designed  to  stimulate  research and development (R&amp;D).

Furthermore,  in  November  2020  the  Company was  granted  NOK  96.8  million  in  a  funding commitment from ENOVA. The commitment is a cash grant, and the funding will not require any material additional investment needs from Salmon Evolution. The proceeds from this grant is expected paid out in tranches over the course of Indre Harøy Phase 1 development.

Both  grants  are  recognized  in  the  financial accounts as a reduction of fixed assets. As of Q4 2022  the  Company  has  recognized  NOK  14.3 million in Skattefunn grants and NOK 96.8 million in  Enova  grants  of  which  NOK  9.5  million  and NOK  77.1  million  have  been  received  by  31 December 2022, respectively.

As  per  31  December  2022  the  Company  had bank debt of NOK 556 million, mainly relating to the Construction Facility for Indre Harøy.

<!-- image -->

## Risk exposure and risk management

## Interest Rate

The Group's interest rate risk relates primarily to borrowings from financial institutions with variable interest rates. Currently, the Group has entered into hedging programs to reduce this risk for only parts of its planned borrowings, thus the Group is exposed to changes in the interest rate. As of 31 December 2022, outstanding loans from  credit  institutions  amounted  to  NOK  556 million (excluding financial leasing). The

## Foreign Currency

The Group's foreign currency risk relates to the Group's operating, investing, and  financing activities  denominated  in  a  foreign  currency. This  includes  the  Group's  revenues,  expenses, and capital expenditures.  As per 31 December 2022  the  Group  had  some  currency  forward contracts made to hedge the effect of

## Credit risk

With respect  to credit risk arising  from  the financial  assets  of  the  Group,  which  comprise cash and cash equivalents, and other receivables, the Group's exposure to credit risk arises  from  default  of  the  counterparty,  with  a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amount  of  these  instruments.  The  Group  has procedures to ensure that products are only sold to  customers with satisfactory creditworthiness,

## Liquidity risk

A lack of liquidity will entail a risk that the Group will not be able to pay its obligations on maturity. Management  monitors  rolling  forecasts  of  the Group's  liquidity  reserve  (comprising  cash  and cash equivalents) on the basis of expected cash

Construction  Facility  which  represents  the  vast majority of the Groups  loan with financial institutions has an interest rate of NIBOR 3M plus an agreed margin of 3.75%. In order to reduce exposure to fluctuations in the interest rate the Group has entered interest rate swap contracts with Nordea and Sparebanken Vest, of respectively NOK 150 million and NOK 50 million. For further information see note 20.

fluctuations in currency relating to outstanding invoices from sales contracts. Value changes in forward contracts affect profit and loss.

The Group's presentation currency is Norwegian Kroner ("NOK").

where credit insurance is  used  when  deemed necessary. This risk is, per 31.12.2022, not considered to be material.

In  2022  all  produced  fish  was  sold  to  Salmon Evolution Sales AS, which in turn sold it to external customers. The sales company secures the bulk of its sales through credit insurance.

flows.  The  Group's  business  plan  and  growth strategy is capital intensive and the Group may be dependent upon future equity issues and/or debt  financing  in  order  to  finance  its  current long-term plans.

<!-- image -->

## Summary and outlook

2022  was  a  highly  eventful  year  for  Salmon Evolution, starting with  the  batch  1  smolt release  in  March  as  per  the  original  timeline and rounded off by fully harvesting out our first batch with excellent results. Through this great achievement the Company has demonstrated  that  it  is  possible  to  produce salmon  on  land,  all  the  way  to  full  harvest weight,  at  an  industrial scale, with strong biological  performance  and  with  the  end result being an excellent quality product.

The  Company  has  over  the  last  year  been gradually ramping up production and a total of  five  batches  have  been  stocked  at  Indre Harøy  of  which  both  the  batch  stocked  in December  last  year  and  February  this  year being 'full  size'  batch es.  Going  forward  the Company plans to release smolt every second month ensuring  that  the  regularity  in  harvest volumes will gradually increase over the coming quarters.

Batch  2 is  planned  harvested  during  the second  quarter  and  from  late  Q3  2023  the Company  expects  to  reach  steady  state production levels, yielding an annualized production of 7,900 tons HOG from Indre Harøy phase 1.

The Company is very satisfied with the biological  results  seen  in  2022  and  see  the achieved results as a clear proof of concept to our approach to land-based salmon farming. Although taking a facility like this into operation is a huge task that involve a lot of learning  and  tuning  in  the  beginning,  the biological performance has exceeded expectations.  Furthermore,  the  Company  is satisfied to  see that the mortality levels have been very low, with batch 2 well on track to outperform the already strong result seen for the first batch.

Batch  1  was  harvested  in  three  rounds  from early November to early December, after only 7-8  months  of  production.  The  salmon  was distributed  worldwide  to  selected  customers and partners in different segments and channels. The Company has received strong feedback as to the product quality which was also confirmed by an industry leading superior share of 96% for batch 1 as a whole. Furthermore,  the  harvest  demonstrated  that our salmon is well suited for both conventional cooking, raw consumption and smoked production. This creates a lot of flexibility for our downstream operations as we gradually increase  harvest  volumes  over  the  coming quarters.

Total Norwegian exports of salmon during 2022 was about 1.44 mill. tons compared to 1.48 mill. tons  in  2021,  a  decrease  of  ~2.5%.  Average Fishpool salmon price in 2022 was NOK 83.2/kg compared to NOK 58.3/kg in 2021, an increase of  43%  year  on  year.  Such  significant  price increase clearly demonstrates the strong underlying  demand  for  salmon.  Going  into 2023 prices have remained record strong and forward prices for 2023 point to high prices also this year.

For 2023 most analysts expect low single digit global supply growth which should support a scenario with strong salmon prices. With Salmon Evolution now  in the process of ramping up production and gradually increasing  harvest  volumes,  the  Company should be in a good position to benefit from this over the course of 2023.

Looking further ahead, the Company continues to see a significant demand growth potential for salmon and the Company remains firm in its belief that  land-based farming  will  need  to  play  an  important  role alongside conventional farming for the

<!-- image -->

industry to be able utilize the demand potential.

After more than one year of successful farming operations  and  with  phase  1  at  Indre  Harøy now completed, the Company is in a unique

Photo: Salmon Evolution

<!-- image -->

position  to  execute  on  its  growth  plan  and solidifying  its  position  as  the  global  leader within land-based salmon farming.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## The Board of Directors of Salmon Evolution ASA Elnesvågen/Ålesund 17 April 2023

Tore Tønseth Chair

Janne-Grethe Strand Aasnæs Director

Anne Breiby Director

Peder Stette Director

Glen Allan Bradley Director

Eunhong Min Director

Ingvild Vartdal Director

Håkon André Berg Director

Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen CEO

2

<!-- image -->

## Statement from the Board of Directors and the CEO

Today, the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer reviewed and approved the Board of Director's report and the consolidated financial statements for Salmon Evolution AS A, for the year ended 31 December 2022.

The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs and IFRICs as adopted by the EU and applicable additional disclosure requirements in the Norwegian Accounting Act.

## To the best of our knowledge:

1. The annual financial statements for 2022 have been prepared in accordance with applicable financial reporting standards
2. The annual financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit as a whole as of 31 December 2022 for the Group
3. The Board of Directors' report for the Group includes a fair review of:
- a. the development and performance of the business and the position of the Group, and
- b. the principal risks and uncertainties the Group face

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## The Board of Directors of Salmon Evolution ASA Elnesvågen/Ålesund 17 April 2023

Tore Tønseth Chair

Janne-Grethe Strand Aasnæs Director

Anne Breiby Director

Peder Stette Director

Glen Allan Bradley Director

Eunhong Min Director

Ingvild Vartdal Director

Håkon André Berg Director

Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen CEO

<!-- image -->

## Group consolidated financial statements (IFRS)

## Consolidated statement of income

| (NOK thousands)  Note  2022  Consolidated  2021  Consolidated  Sales revenues  5,7  46 107  12 047  Other income  5,7  1 574  209  Total operating revenue  47 681  12 257  Change in inventory  6,8  34 077  2 803  Cost of materials  8  (34 706)  (3 710)  Personnel expenses  4,9  (49 996)  (21 067)  Other operating expenses  9,10  (65 538)  (25 894)  Operational EBITDA  (68 481)  (35 613)  Depreciations  4  (6 190)  (2 229)  Operational EBIT  (74 671)  (37 841)  Fair value adjustment of biomass  6  11 740  0  Operating Profit (EBIT)  (62 931)  (37 841)  Financial income  11  35 322  12 852  Financial expense  11  (4 170)  (7 335)  Share of net income from associated companies  12  (947)  (634)  Net financial  30 205  4 884  Profit/loss before tax  (32 726)  (32 957)  Income tax expense  13  -  6 513  Profit/loss for the period  (32 726)  (26 445)  Basic earnings per share (NOK)  14  (0,10)  (0,09)  Diluted earnings per share (NOK)  14  (0,10)  (0,09)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

| NOK thousands  Note  2022  Consolidated  2021  Consolidated  Profit/loss for the period  (32 726)  (26 445)  Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss:  Currency translation differences  12  1 363  (560)  Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax  (31 362)  (27 005)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Consolidated statement of financial position

| (NOK thousands)  Note  31 Dec 2022  Consolidated  31 Dec 2021  Consolidated  Assets  Intangible assets  4  65 149  62 586  Deferred tax asset  13  2 077  1 026  Assets under construction  4,9,15  1 713 490  971 122  Property, plant &amp; equipment  4  30 541  15 601  Right-of-use assets  4,16  13 001  2 112  Investments in associated companies  12  26 635  26 219  Total non-current assets  1 850 894  1 078 664  Inventory  6  1 941  112  Biological assets  6  58 927  14 939  Trade receivables  3  23 080  382  Other current receivables  15,17  66 951  104 724  Financial derivatives  3,18  25 622  1 538  Cash and cash equivalents  3,11,19  278 759  505 545  Total current assets  455 281  627 239  Total assets  2 306 174  1 705 903  Equity and liabilities  Share capital  20  17 288  15 540  Share premium  20  1 627 073  1 334 283  Other reserves  9,21  8 320  5 118  Other equity  -  -  Uncovered losses  (88 774)  (57 411)  Total equity  1 563 906  1 297 530  Long-term interest-bearing debt  3,11  513 169  212 352  Lease liabilities - long term  3,11,16  9 676  892  Other long-term liabilities  8 549  7 976  Total non-current liabilities  531 393  221 221  Short-term interest-bearing debt  3  55 353  13 086  Trade payables  3,23,24  135 098  162 071  Social security and other taxes  23  7 086  4 946  Lease liabilities - short term  4,11,16  3 553  1 236  Other short-term liabilities  23  9 783  5 812  Total current liabilities  210 873  187 152  Total liabilities  742 267  408 373  Total equity and liabilities  2 306 174  1 705 903   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## The Board of Directors of Salmon Evolution ASA Elnesvågen/Ålesund 17 April 2023

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Tore Tønseth Chair

Janne-Grethe Strand Aasnæs Director

Anne Breiby Director

Peder Stette Director

Glen Allan Bradley Director

Eunhong Min Director

Ingvild Vartdal Director

Håkon André Berg Director

Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen CEO

<!-- image -->

## Consolidated statement of cash flow

| (NOK thousands)  Note  2022  Consolidated  2021  Consolidated  Cash flows from operating activities  Profit/loss for the period  (32 726)  (26 445)  Adjustments for:  Depreciation  4  6 190  2 229  Net financials  11  (30 205)  (4 884)  Share based payment expenses  21  3 201  1 624  Gain on lease modification  16  -  66  Changes in working capital:  Change in trade receivables  23  (22 698)  (382)  Change in other current receivables  17  37 774  (29 217)  Change in inventory and biological assets  6  (45 817)  (1 702)  Change in trade payables  2 047  (684)  Change in social security and other taxes  2 139  (4 387)  Change in other current liabilities  3 971  (2 929)  Net cash (outflow) from operating activities  (76 124)  (66 710)  Cash flow from investment activities  Payments for fixed assets net of government grants  4,15  (763 498)  (797 959)  Payments for intangible assets  4  (3 614)  (881)  Acquisitions  0  (27 249)  Change in trade payables investments  23  (29 020)  98 315  Investment in associated companies  12,24  0  (26 779)  Net cash (outflow) from investment activities  (796 132)  (754 553)  Cash flow from financing activities  Proceeds from issue of equity, net of paid transaction costs  20  294 538  517 868  Proceeds from new borrowings  3,11  356 253  202 600  Repayment of borrowings  3,11  (13 337)  (40 800)  Net change in right of use assets and liabilities  16  210  -  Financial expenses paid  (15 079)  (11 980)  Financial income received  22 886  11 315  Net cash (outflow) from financing activities  645 471  679 002  Net change in cash and cash equivalents  (226 785)  (142 261)  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period  19  505 545  647 806  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period  19  278 759  505 545   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Consolidated statement of changes in equity

| (NOK thousands)  Share  capital  Share  premium  Other  reserves  Other  equity  Uncovered  losses  Total equity  Balance at 1 January 2021  10 987  804 368  2 974  520  (30 407)  788 442  Profit/loss for the period  -  -  -  -  (26 445)  (26 445)  Currency translation differences  -  -  -  -  (560)  (560)  Total comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  (27 005)  (27 005)  Capital increase 18 March 2021  4 167  495 833  -  -  -  500 000  Capital increase 18 March 2021, transaction costs -  (24 850)  -  -  -  (24 850)  Company registration expenses  -  (6)  -  -  -  (6)  Private placement, 18 August 2021  110  16 490  -  -  -  16 600  Private placement, 22 October 2021  277  42 447  -  -  -  42 724  Share options issued  -  -  1 624  -  -  1 624  Share options exercised  -  -  520  (520)  -  -  Transactions with owners  4 553  529 914  2 144  (520)  -  536 092  Balance at 31 December 2021  20  15 540  1 334 283  5 118  -  (57 411)  1 297 530  Profit/loss for the period  -  -  -  -  (32 726)  (32 726)  Currency translation differences  -  -  -  -  1 363  1 363  Total comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  (31 362)  (31 362)  Private placement, 5 April 2022  1 129  202 041  -  -  -  203 170  Private placement, 2 May 2022  538  96 293  -  -  -  96 831  Private placement, transaction cost  -  (13 267)  -  -  -  (13 267)  Share options issued  -  -  3 201  -  -  3 201  Share options exercised  81  7 724  -  -  -  7 805  Transactions with owners  20  1 748  292 790  3 201  -  -  297 739  Balance at 31 December 2022  20  17 288  1 627 073  8 320  -  (88 774)  1 563 906   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

82

| NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  ……………………………  .  ……  65  NOTE 2 - CRITICAL ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS  ……………………………………………….  74  NOTE 3 - FINANCIAL RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  ……………………………  .  …………  76  NOTE 4 - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS .  ……………………  .  ….  . 79  NOTE 5  -  SEGMENT  ……………………………………………….……………………  .  ……  . 81  NOTE 6  -  BIOLOGICAL ASSETS AND INVENTORY  ………………….……………………  .  ………  NOTE 7  -  OPERATING INCOME  …………………  .  ……………………………………………  84  NOTE 8  -  COST OF GOODS SOLD  ……………………………………………………………  85  NOTE 9 - PERSONNEL EXPENSES, REMUNERATION TO THE BOARD AND AUDITOR'S FEE  …………..  85  NOTE 10 - OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES  …………………………………………….….……..  87  NOTE 11 - FINANCE INCOME &amp; FINANCE COST .  ………………………………………………  87  NOTE 12 - INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATED COMPANIES .  …………………………………………..  88  NOTE 13  -  TAX  ……...………………………………………………………………………  .. 88  NOTE 14 - EARNINGS PER SHARE  ……………..………………………………………………  89  NOTE 15 - GOVERNMENT GRANTS  ……………………………………………………………  90  NOTE 16 - LEASES  ……………………………………………………………………………..  91  NOTE 17 - OTHER CURRENT RECEIVABLES  ……….…………………………………………….  92  NOTE 18  -  DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  ………………………………………………  93  NOTE 19  -  CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH  ………………………………………………………  94  NOTE 20  -  SHARE CAPITAL &amp; CAPITAL HISTORY  ……………………………………………….  94  NOTE 21  -  SHARE BASED PAYMENTS  ……  ……………………………………………………..  96  NOTE 22  -  INTEREST BEARING DEBT ..  ……………………..…………………………………...  97  NOTE 23  -  TRADE AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES  ……………………………………………..  99  NOTE 24  -  RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS  …..………………………………  100  NOTE 25 - EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE  ……………………………………………….  101   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Note 1 Summary of significant accounting principles

## General information

Salmon  Evolution  ASA  and  its  subsidiaries,  Salmon  Evolution  Norway  AS,  Salmon  Evolution International AS, Salmon Evolution Dale AS and Salmon Evolution Sales AS (the 'Company', "SE" or "the Group") is a Norwegian business headquartered in Hustadvika municipality in Møre og Romsdal. SE is building a land-based salmon farming facility at Indre Harøy, with a planned annual production of 31,500 tons HOG fully developed of which phase 1 has a planned annual production of 7,900 tons HOG.

The build-out consists of three phases, with the first phase consisting of 12 large grow out tanks with corresponding infrastructure. SE will operate a hybrid flow-through (HFS) system, utilizing fresh seawater from the Norwegian coast. Construction start of phase 1 was in Q2 2020 and was completed mid April 2023. The first smolt batch was released at Indre Harøy late March 2022 as per original timeline, and the Group completed its first harvest in November 2022.

## Consolidation

These  consolidated  statements  for  the  period  ended  31  December  2022  include  Salmon Evolution  ASA  together  with  its  subsidiaries  Salmon  Evolution  Norway  AS,  Salmon  Evolution International AS, Salmon Evolution Sales AS and Salmon Evolution Dale AS. Please note that the comparable previous financial statement periods only include Salmon Evolution Dale AS from August 2021 and do not include Salmon Evolution Sales AS.

In 2022 the Group established two new companies -Salmon Evolution North America Holdings LLC and Salmon Evolution North America LLC. Both companies are wholly owned by Salmon Evolution, but the legal entities had no activity during 2022.

## Consolidation principles

Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an investee if all three of the following elements are present: power over the investee, exposure to variable returns from the investee, and the ability of the investor to use its power to affect those variable returns. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. The accompanying consolidated financial  statements  include  the  accounts  of  the  subsidiaries  mentioned  above.  When necessary, adjustments are made to the local financial statements of the Group subsidiaries to conform  with  the  consolidated  Group's  accounting  policies  presented  under  IFRS.  All intercompany balances, transactions, and unrealized gains from intercompany transactions are eliminated upon consolidation. Unrealized losses from intercompany transactions are also eliminated upon consolidation unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. The assets, liabilities, income, and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date in which the Group gains control until the date in which the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

## Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 comply  with  IFRS  as  endorsed  by  EU.  The  consolidated  financial  statements  ended  31 December  2022  comprise  the  income  statement,  statement  of  comprehensive  income,

<!-- image -->

statement of financial position, statement of cash flow, statement of changes in equity and note disclosures.

## Going concern

The Group has prepared the consolidated financial statement on a going concern basis. When assessing  this  assumption,  management  has  assessed  all  available  information  about  the future. After making such assessments, management has a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue its operational existence for the foreseeable future.

## Accounting policies

## Adoption of new and revised standards

The following standards and amendments was mandatory application for the first time for the reporting period commencing 01.01.2022

-           Annual Improvements to IFRS: 2018-2020 Cycle amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IAS 41 and the Illustrative Examples accompanying IFRS 16
-           Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting (Amendments to IFRS 3)
-           IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets (Amendment -Onerous Contracts -Cost of Fulfilling a Contract)
-           IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment (Amendment -Proceeds before Intended Use)

Except for the amendment to IAS 16, none of the amendments listed above have had any impact on the financial statements. As a result of the amendment to IAS 16 NOK 26.8 million is recognised as revenue from production facilities under construction.

## Standards and amendments issued but not yet effective

The following standards and amendments was mandatory application for the first time for the reporting period commencing after 01.01.2022:

-           IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts
-           Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendment to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2)
-           Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendment to IAS 8)
-            Deferred  Tax  related  to  Assets  and  Liabilities  arising  from  a  Single  Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12)
-           Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback (Amendment to IFRS 16)
-           IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements (Amendment -Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current

None  of  the  amendments  listed  above  is  expected  to  have  any  material  any  impact  on financial statements.

## Basis of measurement

The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for the following items:

- Financial derivatives, measured at fair value through profit or loss.

## Use of estimates

Critical accounting judgments and estimates are disclosed in note 2.

<!-- image -->

## Functional and presentation currency

Items  included  in  the  financial  statements  are  presented  in  the  currency  of  the  primary economic environment in which the entity operates ('the functional currency'). The financial statements  are  presented  in  Norwegian  kroner  (NOK),  which  is  the  Parent  company,  and substantial subsidiaries, functional and presentation currency.

## Transactions and balances

Transactions in  currencies  other  than  the  entity's  functional  currency  (foreign  currency)  are translated  into  the  functional  currency  using  the  exchange  rates  at  the  dates  of  the transactions.

Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognized in profit or loss. Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the statement of profit or loss, within finance costs. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the statement of profit or loss on a net basis within other financial items. Translation differences on assets and liabilities carried at fair  value  are  reported  as  part  of  the  fair  value  gain  or  loss.  Non-monetary  items  that  are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not subsequently revaluated.

## Revenue

Revenue from contracts with customers as defined in IFRS 15 is recognised when control of the goods are transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods.

Revenue for the Group derives both from the sale of smolt from contract with customer and sale  of  whole  and  processed  salmon  in  the  spot  marked.  It  has  not  been  made  any  sales contracts. The Group recognised revenue at the point in time when control of the goods is transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects the expected amount that the group is entitled to have for the goods. The sales price is determined upon the settlement and is based on available market price where the price will vary with both quality and size.

Payment is settled upon delivery, and normal credit term of the sales transactions is 30 days. If the  delivered  products  has  discrepancies  compared  to  the  agreed  sales  contract,  cash refunds are given to the customer. Up until now, refunds are not material.

## Government grants

Government grants are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and when the Company is compliant with all conditions attached. When the grant relates  to  an  expense  item,  it  is  recognized  as  income  over  the  period  that  the  costs  it  is intended to compensate are expensed. When the grant relates to an asset, it is deducted from the carrying amount of the asset - the grant is then recognized in profit or loss over the useful life of a depreciable asset by way of a reduced depreciation charge. Government grants are presented in the accompanying statements of profit and loss as other income.

<!-- image -->

## Employee benefits

Liabilities for wages and salaries, including equity settled share based payments, non-monetary benefits, annual leave and accumulating sick leave that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are recogn ised in respect of employees' services up to the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented as current employee benefit obligations in the balance sheet.

## Share based payments

Information relating to the Company's employee option scheme is set out in note 21. The fair value of options granted under the scheme is recognised as an employee benefits expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

- -including any market performance conditions (eg the entity's share price)
- excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (eg profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period), and
- including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (eg the requirement for employees to save or holdings shares for a specific period of time).

Total fair value is expensed over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be satisfied. At the end of each period, the entity revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting and service conditions. It recognizes the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

## Current and change in deferred tax for the year

## Income Tax

The tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and change in deferred tax.

## Current tax

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from net profit as reported in the income statement because it excludes items of income or expense that  are  taxable  or  deductible  in  other  years  and  it  further  excludes  items  that  are  never taxable or deductible. The Company's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.

## Deferred tax

Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit and is accounted for using the balance sheet liability  method.  Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  generally  recognized  for  all  taxable  temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Such assets  and  liabilities  are  not  recognized  if  the  temporary  difference  arises  from  the  initial recognition of goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other  assets  and  liabilities  in  a  transaction  that  affects  neither  the  taxable  profit  nor  the accounting  profit.  Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognized  for  taxable  temporary  differences

<!-- image -->

## Annual report 2022

arising  on  investments  in  subsidiaries  and  associates,  and  interests  in  joint  ventures,  except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The  carrying  amount  of  deferred  tax  assets  is  reviewed  at  each  balance  sheet  date  and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled, or the asset is realized based on tax laws and rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. Deferred tax is charged or credited in the income statement, except when it relates to items charged or credited in other comprehensive income, in which case the deferred tax is also dealt with in other comprehensive income. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

## Current tax and deferred tax for the year

Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

Deferred tax benefit has not been recognized in the balance sheet as the Group is in its startup phase and does no have any historical results to refer to when assessing whether future taxable profits will be sufficient to utilize the tax benefit.

## Leases

All  leasing  agreements  with  a  duration  exceeding  12  months  are  capitalized.  The  Group assesses whether a legally enforceable contract is or contains a lease at the inception date of the contract. The assessment includes several criteria to be determined based on judgment that includes whether there is an identifiable asset in connection to the lease, whether the Group has the right to control the use of the identifiable asset, and whether the Group can obtain substantially all economic benefits from the identifiable asset.

The  Group  recognizes  a  right-ofuse  ('ROU')  asset  and  a  lease  liability  at  the  lease commencement date.  The  lease  liability  is  calculated  based  on  the  present  value  of  the contractual  minimum lease payments  using the incremental interest  rate  of  the  lease.  The contractual minimum lease payments consist of fixed payments based on contractual amount at the time of conclusion of the agreement. The lease liability is subsequently measured at amortized cost under the effective interest rate during the lease term and may also be adjusted to management's reassessment of future lease payments based on options exercised,

<!-- image -->

renegotiations, or changes of an index rate.

The ROU asset is calculated based on the lease liability, plus initial direct costs towards the lease, and less any incentives granted by the lessor. The ROU asset is subsequently amortized under  the  straight-line  method  under  the  shorter  of  the  lease  term  or  the  useful  life  of  the underlying asset and is included as part of depreciation and amortization in the accompanying statements of other comprehensive income.

Leases that fall under the IFRS 16 short-term exception are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Financial instruments

A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset for one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument for another entity.

## Interest rate swap

The Group has entered into interest rate swap to hedge its risk exposure to interest-bearing debt. Changes in fair value of those derivates is recognized as  unrealized profit/loss under financial income/loss and allocated to, an unrealized profit/loss as other current receivables in the balance sheet.

## Currency hedging

Salmon  Evolution  Sales  AS  make  use  of  forward  currency  contracts  to  hedge  against fluctuations in exchange rates that arises during the period between when Salmon Evolution Sales enters into a sales contract and when the product is paid for. Changes in fair value of those contracts is recognized as unrealized profit/loss under financial income/loss and to other current receivables in the balance sheet.

## Power hedging contracts

The Group has entered into power supply contract with Statkraft in order to hedge its exposure to fluctuations in the power prices. Due to changes in the construction and production plan, a significant part of this energy contract has not been used for internal purposes. Hence, the contract is no longer considered as own use, and therefore measured at fair value. Changes in fair value in these derivates is recognized as unrealized profit/loss under financial income/loss and allocated to, an unrealized profit/loss as other current receivables in the balance sheet.

## Cash and cash equivalents

For  the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand.

## Trade receivables, loans and other receivables

Trade  receivables,  loans  and  other  receivables  are  recognized  at  invoiced  amount  and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. See note 3, 16, 20 and 22 for further information about the Gro up's accounting for trade receivables, loans, other receivables and credit risk.

## Property, plant &amp; equipment

Property,  plant,  and  equipment  is  measured  at  cost,  which  includes  capitalized  borrowing costs,  less  accumulated  depreciation  and  costs  include  expenditures  that  are  directly

<!-- image -->

attributable  to  the  acquisition  and  placement  of  fixed  assets  in  service.  Costs  of  major replacements and renewals that substantially extend the economic life and functionality of fixed  asset  are  capitalized.  Costs  associated  with  normal  maintenance  and  repairs  are expensed as incurred.

Assets  are  normally  considered  property,  plant,  and  equipment  if  the  useful  economic  life exceeds one year. Straight-line depreciation is applied over the useful life of property, plant, and equi pment based on the asset's historical cost. If a substantial part of an asset has an individual and different useful life, that portion is depreciated separately. The asset's residual value  and  useful  life  are  evaluated  annually.  Gains  or  losses  arising  from  the  disposal  or retirement of an asset are determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and recognized as part of other income in the accompanying statements of other comprehensive income.

Depreciation  is  charged  to  expense  when  the  property,  plant  or  equipment  is  ready  for intended use. As per 31.12.2022 the Company is still in a test- and verification phase for its Indre Harøy facility and the facility is therefore not deemed ready for intended use. As such, assets under construction are not depreciated. On the same note, all operating income is associated to  the  fact  that  the  Company  is  still  in  a  test-phase  for  its  only  operating  facility.  However, operating income is recognised in the P&amp;L.

## Intangible assets

Expenses  related  to  research  activities  are  expensed  as  incurred.  Expenses  related  to development  activities are capitalized if the product or process is technically  and commercially feasible, and the Group has adequate resources to complete the development.

Patents  are  capitalized  and  measured  at  cost  less  accumulated  amortization  and  any accumulated impairment losses, if any.

## Impairment

Management reviews long-lived assets for impairment annually, or more frequently, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. When such assets are identified, with certain indicators, an impairment test will be carried out.

If an evaluation is required, the estimated future undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset are compared to the asset's carrying value to determine if an adjustment for impairment to such asset is necessary. The effect of any impairment would be to expense the difference between the fair value of such asset and it's carrying value. Non -financial assets that suffered an  impairment  are  reviewed  for  possible  reversal  of  the  impairment  at  the  end  of  each reporting period.

## Biological assets

Biological assets are, in accordance with IAS 41, measured at fair value unless the fair value cannot be measured reliably. For salmon in the grow-out facility, a present value model is applied to estimate the fair value. For roe, fry and smolt, historical cost is deemed to provide the best estimate of fair value, and hence applied. For further information, please refer to note 6.

<!-- image -->

## Classification of current and non-current items

Assets are classified as current when it expected to be realized or sold, or to be used in the Group's normal operating cycle, or falls due or is expected to be realized within 12 months after the end of the reporting date. Assets that do not fall under this definition is classified as noncurrent. Liabilities are classified as current when they are expected to be settled in the normal operating cycle of the Group or are expected to be settled within 12 months after the reporting date, or if the Group does not have an unconditional right to postpone settlement for at least 12 months after the reporting date. Liabilities that do not fall under this definition are classified as non-current.

## Acquisitions

In accordance with IFRS, goodwill is allocated to each of the acquirer's cash generating units, or group of cash generating units, that are expected to benefit from the business combination. This can include existing CGU's of the acquirer irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.

In identifying a CGU, an entity considers cash flows from the parties outside of the entity. If an active market exists for the output produced by an asset or group of assets, these assets or group of assets shall be identified as a CGU, even if some or all of the output is used internally.

In identifying whether cash inflows from an asset (or groups of assets) is largely independent of the  cash  inflows  from  other  assets  (or  groups  of  assets).  An  entity  considers  various  factors including:

- How management monitors  the  entity's  operations  (such  as  by  product  lines,  businesses, individual locations, districts, or regional areas); or
- -How management makes the decisions about continuing or disposing of the entity's assets and operations

According to IFRS 3 transactions costs are not recognized in the balance sheet but taken to profit and loss.

In the relevant period The Group have not had activities related to acquisition activities.

## Trade and Other Receivables

Trade receivables are initially recognized at amortized cost, less a provision for expected credit losses. Credit loss provisions are based on individual customer assessments over each reporting period and not on a 12-month period.

The Group has procedures to ensure that products are only sold to customers with satisfactory creditworthiness,  where  credit  insurance  is  used  when  deemed  necessary.  This  risk  is,  per 31.12.2022, not considered to be material.

In 2022 all produced fish was sold to Salmon Evolution Sales AS, which in turn sold it to external customers. The sales company secures the bulk of its sales through credit insurance.

<!-- image -->

## Borrowings

Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at amortized cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognized in profit or loss over the period of the  borrowings  using  the  effective  interest  method.  Borrowings  derecognized  when  the obligation  specified  in  the  contract  is  discharged,  cancelled  or  expired.  The  difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished or transferred to  another  party  and  the  consideration  paid,  including  any  non-cash  assets  transferred  or liabilities assumed, is recognized in consolidated statement of profit or loss within the line other financial items, net.

Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the  Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

## Borrowings cost

In accordance with IAS 23, the Group's loan agreements are subject to the following principles relating to borrowing costs:

General and specific borrowing costs that are attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are capitalized during the period of time that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

## Trade and Other Payables

Trade and other payables represent unpaid liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior  to  the  end  of  the  financial  year  and  are  presented  as  current  liabilities  unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. Trade and other payables are recognized initially at their fair value and are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.

## Pensions

The Group offers a defined contribution plan to its employees and pays contributions to publicly or privately administered pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual, or voluntary basis. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. Contributions  are  recognized  as  employee  benefit  expense  when  they  are  due  and  are included  as  part  of  salary  and  personnel  costs  in  the  statement  of  profit  and  loss.  Prepaid contributions are recognized as an asset to the extent in which a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.

## Statement of cash flows

The accompanying statements of cash flows are prepared in accordance with the indirect method.

<!-- image -->

## Note 2 Critical estimates and judgments

The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the Group's accounting policies.

In  the  process  of  applying  the  Group's  accounting  policies,  management  has  made  the following judgements, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the Group's financial statements:

## 1) Capitalized costs as assets under construction

As  part  of  the  construction  of  the  Group's  production  facilities,  the  Group  has  capitalized certain costs (such as personnel expenses, rent of premises and equipment and other project related costs), as "assets under construction" in accordance with IAS 16 based on an allocation key. The allocation key is employee-based and has been calculated based on the employees that are directly involved in the assets under construction's share of the total salary in the Group. Reference is made to note 5 for details of additions to "assets under construction".

## 2) Biological assets

The  Group's  biological  assets  comprise  smolt  and  salmon  in  a  grow-out  facility  on  land. Biological assets are, in accordance with IAS 41, measured at fair value unless the fair value cannot be measured reliably. For salmon in the grow-out facility, a present value model is applied to estimate the fair value. For roe, fry and smolt, historical cost is deemed to provide the best estimate of fair value, and hence applied. The fair value of fish in the grow-out facility is calculated by multiplying the estimated biomass at the time of harvest with the estimated sales price at the same time and deducted for estimated costs to sell. For fish not ready for harvest, remaining production costs to grow the fish to harvest weight are deducted. The cash flow is further discounted by a discount rate taking into account both risk adjustment and time value.

The premises for valuating the biomass are divided into following categories, volume, sales price and discount rate. The estimated biomass volume is based on the actual number of individuals in the grow-out departments on the balance sheet date, adjusted for projected mortality up to harvest time and multiplied with the estimated harvest weight per individual at harvest time. The Group considers that fish greater than 4.6 kg is ready for harvest (about 3.8 kg  gutted  weight),  and  such  fish  is  thus  classified  as  harvestable  fish.    Fish  that  have  not achieved this weight are classified as non-harvestable.

Salmon prices are volatile. Sales price for the fish in the grow-out facility is based on forward prices from Fish Pool with relevant adjustments. The net sales value is adjusted for expected quality differences and harvesting, logistic and sales expenses. For Q2 2023 a discount of NOK 10/kg  is  applied  due  to  high  uncertainty  in  the  contract  market  following  the  Norwegian Government's proposed resource tax.

Before the fish reaches a live weight of 4.60 kg, the fish is assumed non harvestable (immature fish). The fair value of immature fish is adjusted by the estimated remaining cost necessary to grow  the  fish  to  mentioned  optimal  harvest  weight.  Using  estimated  feed,  electricity  and oxygen prices, as well as other costs a forecast of remaining cost is made. One also have to adjust for expected mortality rates.

<!-- image -->

For further information, please refer to note 6.

Because  of  the  volatility  in  the  price  of  Atlantic  salmon  or  changes  in  factor  relating  to production or harvesting schedules the estimated fair value varies. The Group considers sales price, volume and applied discount rate as the key parameters for valuation. To have a better view of the risk in the event of changes in these parameters a sensitivity analysis is done in the following table (showing the change in fair value, and hence the Group profit before tax);

## Sensitivity analysis of biomass

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Change in sales price +1 NOK/kg  2 717  -  Change in sales price -1 NOK/kg  -2 717  -  Changes in biomass volume -1% kg  -1 914  -  Changes in biomass volume +1% kg  1 914  -  Change in discount rate +1%  -550  -  Change in discount rate -1%  560  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3) Financial derivatives

The purpose of the Group's risk management activities is to establish an overview of financial risks that exists at any given time. As of this date the Group has chosen to employ both interest rate swap agreements to create interest rate stability and power hedging contracts to create stable power supply prices.

The  derivative  financial  assets  relate  to  hedging  contracts  for  the  Company's  interest  rate exposure and consist of an interest rate swap contract of NOK 50 million in Sparebanken Vest and a similar contract of NOK 150 million in Nordea. Both contracts are due January 2028, and has to a swap fixed interest of 1.79 %. Changes in Market Value is registered as unrealized profit/loss under financial income and allocated to, an unrealized profit/loss as other current receivables in the balance sheet.

Salmon Evolution Norway AS has a power supply contract with Statkraft. Due to changes in the construction timeline and production plan, resulting in secured volume under the contract not being used for own use and hence sold in the spot market, the contract is no longer considered as  for  own  use,  and  therefore  measured  at  fair  value.  The  power  hedging  contract  with Statkraft  is  valued  to  NOK  13.9  million  at  end  of  2022.  The  fair  value  is  calculated  by  using contracted volumes to until 31.12.2023, and calculating net present value of these volumes by using relevant forward prices in the energy market (adjusted for EURNOK forward prices).

See note for 18 for more information on classes of financial instruments measured at fair value.

<!-- image -->

## Note 3 Financial risk and capital management

The Group's financial assets and liabilities include trade and other receivables, trade and other payables, cash, and borrowings necessary for its operations. The Group's risk management is carried out by the Group's finance department. The Group is exposed to market risk, credit risk, and liquidity risk.

## Market risk

Market risk is linked to both Interest Rate- and Currency fluctuations.

## Interest Rate

The  Group's  interest  rate  risk  relates  primarily  to  borrowings  from  financial  institutions  with variable interest rates. Currently, the Group has entered into hedging programs to reduce this risk for only parts of its planned borrowings, thus the Group is exposed to changes in the interest rate. As of 31 December 2022, outstanding loans from credit instituions amounted to NOK 556 million (excluding financial leasing). The Construction Facility which represents the vast majority of the Groups loan with financial institutions has an interest rate of NIBOR 3M plus an agreed margin of 3.75%. In order to reduce exposure to fluctuations in the interest rate the Group has entered interest rate swap contracts with Nordea and Sparebanken Vest, of respectively NOK 150 million and NOK 50 million. For further information see note 22.

This loan is part of a financing package consisting of the following:

Facility A: NOK 525 million senior secured credit facility with Nordea and Sparebanken Vest which will be used to finance construction capex for Indre Harøy Phase 1 ( the 'Construction Facility')

Facility B: NOK 525 million in long-term debt which will refinance the Construction Facility upon completion of Indre Harøy Phase 1 and consisting of the following:

- NOK 385 million senior secured term loan facility with Nordea and Sparebanken Vest (the 'Term Loan Facility')
- NOK 140 million in a separate longterm loan facility with Innovation Norway (the 'IN Facility') NOK 100 million senior secured overdraft facility with Nordea (the 'Overdraft Facility') which will be used for working capital purposes, hereunder financing of biomass and receivables.

The Construction Facility and the Term Loan Facility are partly guaranteed by Eksfin.

## Interest rate sensitivity

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Interest expense effect of a 1% increase on floating interest rate  5 560  2 000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Foreign Currency

The  Group's  foreign  currency  risk  relates  to  the  Group's  operating,  investing,  and  financing activities denominated in a foreign currency. This includes the Group's revenues, expenses and capital expenditures.  As 31 December 2022 the Group had made some currency forward

<!-- image -->

contracts  to  hedge  the  effect  of  fluctuations  in  currency  from  the  sales  contracts.  Value changes in forward contracts affect profit and loss.

The Group's presentation currency is Norwegian Kroner ("NOK").

## Credit risk

With respect to credit risk arising from the financial assets of the Group, which comprise cash and cash equivalents, and other receivables, the Group's exposure to credit risk arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amount of these instruments. The Group has procedures to ensure that products are only sold to customers with satisfactory creditworthiness, where credit insurance is used when deemed necessary. This risk is, per 31.12.2022, not considered to be material.

In 2022 all produced fish was sold to Salmon Evolution Sales AS, which in turn sold it to external customers. The sales company secures the bulk of its sales through credit insurance.

## Liquidity risk

A lack of liquidity  will  entail  a  risk  that  the  Group  will  not  be  able  to  pay  its  obligations  on maturity. Management monitors rolling forecasts of the Group's liquidity reserve (comprising cash and cash equivalents) on the basis of expected cash flows. The Group's business plan and growth strategy is capital intensive and the Group may be dependent upon future equity issues and/or debt financing in order to finance its current long-term plans.

The  table  below  presents  the  maturities  on  the  Group's  financial  liabilities.  The  amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

## 31 December 2022

| (NOK thousands)  Less than 3 months  3-12 months  Borrowings  0  55 353  513 169  Interest  10 451  26 351  147 208  Lease liabilities  935  2 618  9 676  Trade payables  135 098  0  0  Total financial liabilities  146 483  84 323  670 053   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31 December 2021

| (NOK thousands)  Less than 3 months  3-12 months  Borrowings  200  12 886  212 352  Lease liabilities  252  1 975  6 660  Trade payables  162 071  0  0  Total financial liabilities  162 523  14 861  219 012   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial instruments -assessment of fair value

The table below shows financial instruments at fair value according to valuation method. The different levels are defined as follows:

Level 1: Price listed in an active market for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2: Valuation is based on other observable inputs either directly or indirectly than listed price (used in level 1) for the asset or liability.

<!-- image -->

1-5 years

1-5 years

Level  3: Valuation  based  on  inputs  not  derived  from  observable  markets  (non-observable assumptions)

| 31 December 2022  FVPL*  (NOK thousands)  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Amortized cost Fair value  Carrying amount  Financial assets:  Trade receivables  -  -  -  23 080  23 080  23 080  Financial derivatives  -  11 719  -  -  11 719  11 719  Profit on power hedging contract  -  13 903  -  -  13 903  13 903  Other current receivables  -  -  -  66 951  66 951  66 951  Cash and cash equivalents  -  -  -  278 759  278 759  278 759  Total financial assets  -  25 622  -  368 790  394 412  394 412  Financial liabilities:  Deferred tax  -  -  -  -  -  -  Long-term interets bearing debt  -  -  -  513 169  513 169  513 169  Other long term liabilites  -  -  -  8 549  8 549  8 549  Short-term interest bearing debt  -  -  -  55 353  55 353  55 353  Trade payables  -  -  -  135 098  135 098  135 098  Social security and other taxes  -  -  -  7 086  7 086  7 086  Other current liabilities  -  -  -  9 783  9 783  9 783  Total financial liabilities  -  -  -  729 038  729 038  729 038   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*FVPL: Fair value through profit or loss

| 31 December 2021  FVPL*  (NOK thousands)  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Amortized cost  Fair Value  Financial assets:  Cash and cash equivalents  -  -  -  505 545  505 545  505 545  Other current receivables  -  -  -  106 644  106 644  106 644  Total financial assets  -  -  -  612 189  612 189  612 189  Financial liabilities:  Deferred tax  -  -  -  0  0  0  Long-term interets bearing debt  -  -  -  212 352  212 352  212 352  Other long term liabilites  -  -  -  7 976  7 976  7 976  Short-term interest bearing debt  -  -  -  13 086  13 086  13 086  Trade payables  -  -  -  162 071  162 071  162 071  Social security and other taxes  -  -  -  4 946  4 946  4 946  Other current liabilities  -  -  -  5 812  5 812  5 812  Total financial liabilities  -  -  -  406 243  406 243  406 243   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*FVPL: Fair value through profit or loss

Carrying amount

<!-- image -->

## Note 4 Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

| (figures in NOK 1000)  Intangible  assets  Assets under  construction  Buildings  Fixtures and  fittings  Right-of-use  assets  Total  Cost 1 January 2021  432  219 926  0  739  1 918  223 015  Additions  62 154  751 196  7 607  8 227  2 079  831 263  Disposals  Cost 31 December 2021  62 586  971 122  7 607  8 966  3 997  1 054 278  Accumulated depreciation 1 January 2021  0  0  0  -107  -521  -628  Depreciation for the period  0  0  -302  -563  -1 364  -2 229  Net book value 31 December 2021  62 586  971 122  7 305  8 296  2 112  1 051 420   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 054 277

1 831 228

-6 189

1 822 182

| (figures in NOK 1000)  Intangible  assets  Assets under  construction  Buildings  Fixtures and  fittings  Right-of-use  assets  Total  Cost 1 January 2022  62 586  971 122  7 607  8 966  3 997  Additions  2 564  742 368  0  17 453  14 566  776 951  Disposals  Cost 31 December 2022  65 149  1 713 490  7 607  26 419  18 562  Accumulated depreciation 1 January 2022  0  0  -302  -670  -1 885  -2 857  Depreciation for the period  0  0  -649  -1 864  -3 676  Net book value 31 December 2022  65 149  1 713 490  6 656  23 885  13 001   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Straight-line  depreciation  is  applied  over  the  useful  life  of  property,  plant,  and  equipment based on the asset's historical cost and estimated residual value at disposal. Depreciation is charged to  expense  when  the  property,  plant  or  equipment  is  ready  for  use  or  placed  in service.

As per 31.12.2022 the Company is still in a test- and verification phase for its Indre Harøy facility and  the  facility  is  therefore  not  deemed  ready  for  intended  use.  As  such,  assets  under construction are not depreciated.

Assets under construction per 31 December 2022 consisted mainly of capitalised costs related to the turnkey project with Artec Aqua for building a land-based salmon farming facility at Indre Harøy, Møre og Romsdal.

## Capitalization of costs as asset under construction:

Costs  incurred  recognised  as  part  of  personnel-  and  other  operating  expenses  in  the "Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss" during 2022 has been capitalized as at 31 December 2022 as these costs are  deemed to be part of the ongoing assets under construction and qualify for capitalization in accordance with IAS 16. As a result, the reported personnel and operating cost in 2022 reflects the incurred costs during this period, net of such capitalized costs related  to  the  entire  12  months  period  ending  31  December  2022  which  amounted  to approximately  NOK  21.7  million,  salaries  included.  Capitalized  interest  amounts  to  NOK  24 million.

| Capitalized internal cost  01.01.2022  Additions  31.12.2022  Salary  32 631  18 496  51 127  Rental/equipment  4 454  3 164  7 618  Interest  6 526  24 035  30 561  Total  43 611  45 695  89 306   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Contractual and financial commitments

Construction of phase 1 of the Group's land-based salmon farming facility at Indre Harøy was planned completed medio April 2023 and remaining capital expenditures for phase 1 as per 31 December 2022 is expected to be moderate. The exact amount will depend on several factors, including finalization of contract settlements with suppliers,  chosen  de-  and remobilization  strategy  between  phase  1  and  phase  2  and  overall  productivity  during  the remaining commissioning work.

As to phase 2 at Indre Harøy, the Group has not taken any material investment decision or entered  into  any  definitive  construction  agreement  and  maintains  full  flexibility  both  as  to timing and spending.

## Impairment testing of goodwill

Goodwill with indefinite economic lives is subject to an annual impairment test. The Group did not  recognize  any  impairment  of  goodwill  in  2022.  In  2021  the  group  did  not  perform  an impairment test since the goodwill were acquired in august 2021 through the acquisition of the subsidiary Salmon Evolution Dale AS (previously Kraft Laks AS). As of 2022 the Group has one asset that need to be impairment tested.

The impairment is done using the Groups rolling projections which is based on financial budgets where cash generating activities forms the basis of the valuation. This is done over a five-year period. Budgeted EBITDA margin is set to be stable in the future as well as production of smolt. Further, the annual reinvestment is assumed to be equal to annual depreciations. Cash flow forecasts are estimated after tax, and weighted average cost of capital is set to be 9%.

<!-- image -->

## Note 5 Segment

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with internal reporting to the chief operating  decision-maker,  which  is  responsible  for  allocating  resources  and  assessing performance.  The  chief  operating  decision-maker  has  been  identified  as  the  Group management. The Group has from Q4 2022 implemented segment reporting which consists of production of farmed salmon in Norway (Farming Norway), other activities, and Eliminations. The segment performance is monitored in order to assess performance and profitability at a strategic level. As a result of starting farming production at Indre Harøy in March 2022, there is no comparative numbers for 2021.

The same accounting principles as described in Note 1 have been applied for the segment reporting, where internal transactions are entered into under normal commercial terms and conditions.

Sales revenue from contracts with customers comes from both Continental Europe, UK, USA, Asia and other markets.

Group

| (In thousand NOK)  Farming Norway  Other  Eliminations  FY 2022  Operating revenue  46 054  15 292  -13 665  47 681  Operational EBITDA  -34 135  -34 346  0  -68 481  Operational EBIT  -38 387  -36 284  0  -74 671  Harvested volum (tonnes, HOG)  340  Operational EBITDA/kg (NOK)  N/A  Operational EBIT/kg (NOK)  N/A  ## FY 2021  Operating revenue  12 257  Operational EBITDA  -35 613  Operational EBIT  -37 841  Harvested volum (tonnes, HOG)  Operational EBITDA/kg (NOK)  Operational EBIT/kg (NOK)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Note 6 Biological assets and inventory

Biological assets are, in accordance with IAS 41, measured at fair value unless the fair value cannot be measured reliably. For  salmon in the grow-out facility, a present value model is applied to estimate the fair value. For roe, fry and smolt, historical cost is deemed to provide the best estimate of fair value, and hence applied.

The fair value of fish in the grow-out facility is calculated by multiplying the estimated biomass at  the  time  of  harvest  with  the  estimated  sales  price  at  the  same  time  and  deducted  for estimated costs to sell. For fish not ready for harvest, remaining production costs to grow the fish  to  harvest weight are deducted. The cash flow is further discounted by a discount rate taking into account both risk adjustment and time value.

The Group considers that fish greater than 4.6 kg is ready for harvest (about 3.8 kg gutted weight), and such fish is thus classified as harvestable fish.  Fish that have not achieved this weight are classified as non-harvestable.

The estimated biomass volume is based on the actual number of individuals in the grow-out departments on the balance sheet date, adjusted for projected mortality up to harvest time and multiplied with the estimated harvest weight per individual at harvest time.

Sales price for the fish in the grow-out facility is based on forward prices from Fish Pool with relevant adjustments. The Group have used a forward price of NOK 96,- in Q2 2023, 75,- in Q3 2023 and NOK 76,- in Q3 and Q4 2023 before adjustments for expected quality downgrades. For Q2 2023 a discount of NOK 10/kg is applied due to high uncertainty in the contract market following the Norwegian Government's proposed resource tax. The net sales value is adjusted for expected quality differences and harvesting, logistic and sales expenses. The estimated fair value is discounted by a monthly rate, which reflects a combination of the cost of capital for the biomass. The Group have used a discount rate of 8% in the model.

| BOOK VALUE OF INVENTORY  FY 2022  FY 2021  Raw materials  1 941  112  Biological assets  58 927  14 939  Finished goods  -  -  Total  60 867  15 050  NOK 1000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| BIOLOGICAL ASSETS  FY 2022  FY 2021  Biological assets beginning of period  182  101  Increase due to production  1 131  173  Reduction due to harvest/sale  -580  -93  Reduction due to incident based mortality  -  -  Fair value adjustment beginning of period  N/A  N/A  Fair value adjustment end of period  N/A  N/A  Biological assets end of period  733  182  TONNES   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| BIOLOGICAL ASSETS  FY 2022  FY 2021  Biological assets beginning of period  14 939  12 044  Increase due to production  70 238  10 150  Reduction due to harvest/sale  -37 990  -7 255  Reduction due to incident based mortality  0  0  Fair value adjustment beginning of period  0  0  Fair value adjustment end of period  11 740  0  Biological assets end of period  58 927  14 939  NOK 1000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Specification of biological assets

| Biological assets per 31.12.2022  Number of fish  (1000)  Biomass  (tonnes)  Cost of  production  (NOK 1000)  Fair value  adjustment  (NOK 1000)  Carrying  amount (NOK  1000)  Smolt  2 305  96  12 681  -  12 681  Non-harvestable fish (&lt;4.6 kg)  695  637  34 506  11 740  46 246  Harvestable fish (&gt;4.6 kg)  -  -  -  -  -  Total  3 000  733  47 187  11 740  58 927  Biological assets per 31.12.2021  Number of fish  (1000)  Biomass  (tonnes)  Cost of  production  (NOK 1000)  Fair value  adjustment  (NOK 1000)  Carrying  amount (NOK  1000)  Smolt  2 275  182  14 939  -  14 939  Non-harvestable fish (&lt;4.6 kg)  -  -  -  -  -  Harvestable fish (&gt;4.6 kg)  -  -  -  -  -  Total  2 275  182  14 939  -  14 939   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company is in an early stage of the production ramp-up at the grow-out facility at Indre Harøy, and hence the facility's production capacity is not fully utilized. Cost of production is therefore  adjusted  for  unutilized  production  capacity.  As  per  31.12.2022  this  adjustment amounted  to  NOK  13.6  million  which  has  been  expensed  directly  in  the  profit  and  loss statement.

The  Company  has  not  yet  started  depreciation  of  the  grow-out  facility  at  Indre  Harøy. Accordingly, depreciation is not reflected in the cost of production and only partly in the fair value adjustment figures.

<!-- image -->

## Note 7 Operating income

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Sales revenues  46 107  12 047  Smolt  19 293  12 047  Atlantic Salmon (hog)  26 073  Atlantic Salmon (trimmed)  741  Other income  1 574  209  Total operating revenue  47 681  12 256   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Operating  income  in  the  Group  for  2022  derives  both  from  the  sale  of  smolt  from  Salmon Evolution Dale AS to another Norwegian salmon producer and sale of farmed salmon from Salmon Evolution Sales AS (who bought the salmon from Salmon Evolution Norway AS). Salmon Evolution  Sales  AS  has  in  2022  sold  340  tonnes  Atlantic  Salmon,  and  the  distribution  is  as illustrated below.

Other income in 2022 was related services to K Smart Farming Co., Ltd. in South Korea.

Operating income in 2021 was mainly related to sale of smolt from Kraft Laks AS (now Salmon Evolution Dale AS) to another Norwegian salmon producer. Other income in 2021 was related to sale of some equipment to K Smart Farming Co., Ltd. in South Korea.

| Destination  Sales quantity  (tonnes)  %  Norway  220  65 %  EU ex. Norway  115  34 %  Asia  6  2 %  Total  340  100 %  Sales renevue atlantic salmon  2022  2021  Norway  16 538  0  EU ex. Norway  9 527  0  Asia  749  0  Total  26 814  0   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The land-based salmon have been distributed through Salmon Evolution Sales to a vast number of customers, across different segments and channels. The initial batch has been launched locally, nationally in Norway and internationally, in close collaboration with our partners, and has proven to be meet the highest standards, for both raw, heated and smoked products.

<!-- image -->

## Note 8 Cost of Goods Sold

(numbers in thousand NOK)

Composition COGS:

Raw material cost

Inventory change

Sum

2022

-34 706

34 077

-629

2021

-5 282

4 374

-908

| ## Composition inventory change:  Change due to production  70 238  10 150  Change due to harvest/sale  -37 990  -7 255  Change due to incident based mortality  0  0  Change inventory raw material  1 829  1 479  Sum  34 077  4 374   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Composition - change due to production:

Raw material cost

Salaries

Other operating expenses

Sum

32 877

10 260

27 101

70 238

3 319

2 509

4 322

10 150

## Note 9 Personnel expenses, remuneration to the board and auditor's fee

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Salaries  50 969  31 879  Social security  8 682  5 409  Pensions  2 529  1 029  Other benefits  9 363  2 018  Share-based payments  3 328  0  Gross personnel expenses  74 871  40 335  - Capitalized costs  (18 496)  (19 269)  Total personnel expenses recognized in P&amp;L  56 375  21 067  Number of full-time employment equivalents  49  19   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  the  Group  capitalizes  portions  of  total  salary  and personnel costs towards assets under construction.

Norwegian entities are obligated to establish a mandatory company pension. This obligation is fulfilled  under  the  current  pension  plan.  No  loans  or  guarantees  have  been  given  to  the members of the board of directors or executive management.

<!-- image -->

## Remuneration and compensation to members of the board

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Tore Tønseth (Chairman of the Board)  500  500  Kristofer Reiten (Member of the Board)  250  250  Glen Bradley (Member of the Board)  375  250  Peder Stette (Member of the Board)  250  250  Anne Breiby (Member of the Board)  250  250  Yun Ki Yun (Member of the board) - From september 2020  250  208  Janne-Grethe A. Strand (Member of the board) - From March 2021  500  42  Ingvild Vartdal (Member of the Board) - from March 2021  250  42  Frode Kjølås (Member of the Board) - Until March 2021  0  208  Total board of Directors  2 625  2 000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Remuneration and compensation to executive management 2022

| (NOK thousands)  Salary  Bonus  Options  Pension  Other  Total  Håkon Andrè Berg (CEO until oct 2022)  2 722  -  20  67  208  3 017  Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen (CEO from oct 2022, CFO)  2 228  -  1 399  67  246  3 940  Ingjarl Skarvøy (COO)  1 844  -  600  67  162  2 673  Kamilla Holo Mordal (CPO)  1 482  100  567  67  8  2 224  Odd Frode Roaldsnes (CCO)  1 533  -  615  67  17  2 232  Henriette Nordstrand (Technical Director from sept-22)  380  -  -  29  22  431  Total executive management  10 189  100  3 201  364  663  14 517   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Håkon Andrè Berg (former CEO) resigned from his position in Oct 2022, and is subsequently entitled to 6-months' severance pay.

## Remuneration and compensation to executive management 2021

| (NOK thousands)  Salary  Bonus  Options  Pension  Other  Total  Håkon Andrè Berg (CEO)  2 329  2 200  609  56  13  5 207  Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen (CFO)  2 114  800  526  56  285  3 781  Ingjarl Skarvøy (COO)  1 674  250  224  57  165  2 370  Kamilla Holo Mordal (Project Director)  1 207  250  212  52  23  1 745  Trond Valderhaug (CCO until sept-21)  1 328  -  -  56  26  1 410  Odd Frode Roaldsnes (CCO from sept -21)  513  -  53  18  5  588  Total executive management  9 164  3 500  1 624  296  518  15 101   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trond HåkonSchaug-Pettersen(CEO) isentitledto 6 monthsseverance payif the

Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen (CEO) is entitled to 6months' severance pay if the employment agreement is terminated by the Company. Selected key employees also have a non-compete clause in their employment agreement giving them right to 3-6 months' pay if such clause is triggered by the Company.

## Auditor's remuneration

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Statutory audit  943  536  Service in relation to tax return  36  0  Tax advise  0  0  Service inrelation to annual accounts  27  97  Other services  6  199  Total  1 011  832   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Note 10 Other operating expenses

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Cost of premises (not defined as RoU)  2 647  419  Hired equipment  633  86  Insurance  1 775  398  Consultancy fees  21 012  14 859  Other operating and administrative expenses  39 472  10 131  Total other operating expenses  65 538  25 894   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 11 Finance income &amp; finance cost

(figures in NOK 1000)

| Finance income  2022  2021  Interest income  8 730  4 057  Net change in value of financial derivatives  25 547  1 537  Foreign exchange gains  1 035  7 062  Other finance income  10  196  Financial income  35 322  12 852  Share of net income from associated companies  -947  -634  Total financial income  34 375  12 218  Finance expenses  2022  2021  Interest on debts and borrowings  3 012  1 007  Foreign exchange losses  554  6 287  Other finance expenses  604  40  Total financial expenses  4 170  7 335  Net financial income/- expenses  30 204  4 884  ## Fair value adjustments - financial assets  (NOK thousand)  2022  2021  Unrealised changes in the value of interest rate swap  10 455  1 263  Unrealised changes in the value of contract related to power supply 13 629  274  Realised profit (loss) related to power supply contract  1 463  -  Fair value adjustments recognised in profit and loss  25 547  1 537   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest income is mainly related to interest on cash deposits held with Norwegian financial institutions. Incurred interest expenses and establishing fees are capitalized as part of assets under construction in accordance with IAS 23.

The negative impact from share of net income from associated companies are related to a loss at K Smart Farming.

The Group did not have any fair value adjustments of financial liabilities in 2022.

<!-- image -->

## Note 12 Investments in associated companies

The group has the following investments in associated companies:

| (figures in NOK 1000)  Location and place of business  Ownership  Voting share  K Smart Farming Co., Ltd  49 %  49 %  27 413  Share of net income 2021  -634  Foreign currency translation gain/(loss) 2021  -560  Net book value 31 December 2021  26 219  Share of net income YTD 2022  -947  Foreign currency translation gain/(loss) YTD 2022  1 363  Net book value 31 December 2022  26 635  Investment cost 31.05.21  Gangwangnak-ro, South Korea   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Investments in associated companies are recognized using the equity method.

## Note 13 Tax

Calculation of current and deferred tax/deferred tax benefit

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Intangible assets  13 487  13 487  Fixed assets  19 712  (1 297)  Inventories  58 927  14 939  Right-of-use assets  20 803  9 913  Lease liabilities  (21 777)  (10 105)  Other current liabilities  14  18  Net temporary differences  91 165  26 954  Tax losses carried forward  (281 632)  (143 703)  Change due to unrealized financial instruments  25 623  1 538  Basis for deferred tax  (164 845)  (115 211)  Deferred tax (22%)  (36 266)  (25 346)  Deferred tax benefit not recognized in the balance sheet*  34 189  24 320  Deferred tax in the balance sheet  (2 077)  (1 026)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Deferred tax benefit has historically not been recognized in the balance sheet as the Company is in its start-up phase and does not have any historical results to refer to when assessing whether future taxable profits will be sufficient to utilize the tax

Basis for income tax expense, changes in deferred tax and tax payable

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Result before taxes  (32 727)  (32 957)  Permanent differences in relation to equity transactions  0  (24 622)  Permanent differences in relation to skattefunn  (4 750)  (4 750)  Other permanent differences  (7 383)  831  Basis for the tax expense in the current year  (44 860)  (61 498)  Change in temporary differences  (64 211)  (31 788)  Change in temporary differences due to acquisition  0  27 697  Result Kraft Laks AS to payable tax  0  (5 306)  Result Kraft Laks AS before acquisition  0  2 087  Change in tax losses carried forward  (109 071)  (68 808)  Basis for payable taxes in the income statement  9 439  4 663   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Components of the tax expense

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Payable tax on this year's result  2 077  1 026  Total payable tax  2 077  1 026,0  Change in deferred tax  (10 920)  (7 806)  Deferred tax in relaton to aquisition of Kraft Laks AS  0  (6 513)  Change in deferred tax due to previous year group contribution  (1 026)  0  Change in deferred tax not shown in the balance sheet  9 869  6 780  Tax expense  0  (6 513)  ## Reconciliation of the tax expense with the nominal tax rate  (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Result before taxes  (32 727)  (32 957)  Calculated tax (22%)  (7 200)  (7 251)  Tax expense  0  (6 513)  Difference  7 200  738  The difference consists of:  Tax on permanent differences  (2 669)  (6 043)  Change in tax rate  -  -  Change in deferred tax  -  -  Change in deferred tax due to change in tax rate  -  -  Change in deferred tax not shown in the balance sheet  9 869  6 780  Change in defferred tax due to acquisition  -  -  Change due to unrealized financial instruments  -  -  Sum explained differences  7 200  738   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 14 Earnings per share

| (NOK thousands)  2022  Consolidated  2021  Consolidated  Loss atributable to the equity owners of the Parent company  (32 726)  (26 445)  Loss for calculation of diluted earnings per share  (32 726)  (26 445)  Weighted average number of shares outstanding  337 015 239  291 291 107  Dilutive options  -  -  Average number of shares and options used in calculation for diluted EPS  337 015 239  291 291 107  Basic earnings per share (NOK)  (0,10)  (0,09)  Diluted earnings per share (NOK)  (0,10)  (0,09)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Basic  earnings  per  share  are  based  on  the  weighted  average  number  of  common  shares outstanding during the period.

2022: The Company started the year with 310,796,489 shares. In the end of March shares options to the employees were exercised increasing the total number of shares with 1,625,000, followed by an issue of 33,333,333 new shares in a capital raise in April. Therefor the weighted average number of shares outstanding YTD 2022 has been calculated by applying a weight of 1/4 of the number of shares before the capital raise in Q1 2022 (310,796,489 shares), and 3/4 of the total number of shares after the capital raise (345,754,822 shares).

2021: The Company issued 83,333,333 new shares in a capital raise in March 2021, and another 2,190,694 in August 2021, and another 5,541,374 in November 2021. The weighted average number of shares outstanding in 2021 has been calculated by applying a weight of 2/12 of the

<!-- image -->

number  of  shares  before  the  capital  raise  in  March  2021  (219,731,088  shares),  6/12  of  the number of shares after the capital raise (303,064,421 shares), and 1/12 of the shares of the shares after the acquisition of Kraft Laks (305,255,115), and 3/12 after the private placement with Cargill of the total number after the final adjustment in November 2021 (310,796,489).

## Note 15 Government grants

The  Group  has  received  a  commitment  from  The  Norwegian  Research  Council  (Norsk Forskningsråd) for three projects. The total grant is NOK 14,250,000 over three years (2020-2022) and  is  related  to  the  tax  incentive  scheme  "SkatteFUNN"  which  is  a  government  program designed to stimulate research and development (R&amp;D) in Norwegian trade and industry. The receivable is accounted for as a short-term receivable from the tax authorities. In the financial accounts, the receivable related to the grant is netted against the related asset's acquisition cost. Grants for 2022 amounted to NOK 4,750,000.

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  2020  Systems for water treatment in large-scale land based salmon farming 8 116  11 825  13 542  Logistics systems in large-scale land-based salmon farming  9 722  6 392  8 775  Washing and disinfection in land-based salmon farming  10 026  7 827  9 576  Total "SkatteFUNN" project costs  27 864  26 044  31 893   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further, the Group has received a commitment from Enova SF, an entity owned by the Ministry of  Climate  and  Environment  which  contributes  to  reduced  greenhouse  gas  emissions, development of energy and climate technology and a strengthened security of energy supply. The total commitment from Enova is up to NOK 96.8 million and the grant is given over a period of three years. In the financial accounts, the receivable related to the grant is netted against the related asset's acquisition cost. Grants for 2022 amounted to NOK 36.5 million, of which NOK 17.1 million was paid during 2022, and the rest received in Q1 2023.

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  2020  Energy-efficient land-based food fish plant for salmon  84 117  119 684  861  Total "Enova" project costs  84 117  119 684  861   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Note 16 Leases

## Amounts recognised in the balance sheet

| (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2022  Right-of-use assets  Rent of premises  8 211  748  Car  1 079  600  Office supply  3 711  763  Total right-of-use assets  13 001  2 112  Lease liabilities  Current  3 552  1 236  Non-current  9 675  892  Total lease liabilities  13 227  2 129  ## Amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss  (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2022  Depreciation right-of-use assets  Rent of premises  2 082  716  Car  619  361  Office supply  975  287  Gross depreciation  3 676  1 364  - Capitalized as assets under construction  0  0  Net depreciation  3 676  1 364  Interest expense lease liability  577  97   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total cash outflow for leases in 2022 was NOK 3,321 thousand.

Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be  readily  determined,  which  is  generally  the  case  for  leases  in  the  Group,  the  lessee's incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

- w here  possible,  uses  recent  third-party  financing  received  by  the  individual  lessee  as  a starting point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received
- uses a build -up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by the Company, which does not have recent third-party financing, and
- makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g term, country, currency and security.

The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or

<!-- image -->

31 Dec 2021

31 Dec 2021

## Annual report 2022

rate, which are not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use asset. Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period in order to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

- the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability
- any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentive received
- any initial direc t costs, and - restoration costs.

Right-ofuse assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asse t is depreciated over the underlying asset's useful life.

The Group has entered into several lease agreements that are considered to qualify as shortterm and/or low-value in accordance with IFRS 16. Payments associated with such short-term and low-value leases are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Shortterm leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value assets comprise ITequipment and small items of office furniture.

## Note 17 Other current receivables

| (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2022  Prepaid expenses  9 022  6 630  VAT receivable  17 475  49 829  Other receivables  16 332  1 939  Government grant ("Enova")  19 373  43 497  Tax incentive scheme ("Skattefunn")  4 750  4 750  Total other current receivables  66 951  106 644   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

31 Dec 2021

| Current receivables pr 31.12.22  0-3 months  4-12 months  Total  Prepaid expenses  2 256  6 767  9 022  VAT receivable  17 475  17 475  Other receivables  4 083  12 249  16 332  Government grant ("Enova")  19 373  19 373  Tax incentive scheme ("Skattefunn")  4 750  4 750  Total other current receivables  43 186  23 766  66 951   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group's other current receivables were due within one year and considered fully collectible. Accordingly, the fair value of the Group's other current receivables  was  equal  to  nominal  value,  no  bad  debt  was  recognized  for  the  years  then ended, and management did not consider a provision for uncollectible accounts necessary.

Receivables denominated in foreign currencies are valued at the daily rate. Due to the shortterm nature of current receivables, their carrying amount is considered equal to their fair value.

<!-- image -->

As  of  31  December  2022  and  2021,  the  Group's  other  current  receivables,  specified  by currencies, consisted of the following:

31 Dec 2021

| (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2022  NOK  66 951  106 644  Other  0  0  Total other current receivables  66 951  106 644   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 18 Derivative financial instruments

| (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2022 31 Dec 2021  Derivative financial assets  Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments  Interest rate swaps  11 719  1 263  Forward foreign exchange contracts  -  -  11 719  1 263  Derivatives designated as hedging instruments  Power hedging contract  13 903  274  Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments  13 903  274  Total derivative financial assets  25 622  1 537   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  derivative  financial  assets  relate  to  hedging  contracts  for  the  Company's  interest  rate exposure and consist of an interest rate swap contract of NOK 50 million in Sparebanken Vest and a similar contract of NOK 150 million in Nordea. Both contracts are due January 2028, and has to a swap fixed interest of 1.79 %.  Changes in Market Value is registered as unrealized profit/loss under financial income and allocated to, an unrealized profit/loss as other current receivables in the balance sheet.

Due to  changes  in  the  construction  and  production  plan,  a  significant  part  of  this  energy contract has not been used for internal purposes. Hence, the contract is no longer considered as own use, and therefore measured at fair value. The power hedging contract with Statkraft is valued to NOK 13.9 million at end of 2022. The fair value is calculated by using contracted volumes  until  31.12.2023,  and  calculating  the  net  present  value  of  these  volumes  by  using relevant forward prices in the energy market (adjusted for EURNOK forward prices).

See note 3 for further description and more details on valuation method.

<!-- image -->

## Note 19 Cash and restricted cash

31 Dec 2021

| (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2022  Cash in bank  275 944  503 759  Restricted bank deposits  2 815  1 785  Total cash and cash equivalents  278 759  505 545   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Restricted cash are related to tax withholding for employees (NOK 2.815m).

## Note 20 Share Capital &amp; Capital history

| Nominal value  31 Dec 2022  Ordinary shares  0,05  345 754 822  310 796 489  Average number of shares  0,05  337 015 239  291 291 107  (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2022  Share capital  17 288  15 540  Share premium  1 627 073  1 334 283  Total  1 644 361  1 349 823   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

31 Dec 2021

31 Dec 2021

The number of shares issued in the company at 31 December 2021 was 345,754,822 with a nominal value of NOK 0.05 each. All shares carry equal voting rights.

| 20 largest shareholders as of 31.12.22  No of shares Percentage share  Ronja Capital II AS  27 393 242  7,9 %  The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV  22 310 787  6,5 %  Farvatn Private Equity AS  17 649 433  5,1 %  Dongwon Industries Co. Ltd  16 044 572  4,6 %  Rofisk AS  14 537 897  4,2 %  Stette Invest AS  11 569 338  3,3 %  Kjølås Stansekniver AS  11 207 738  3,2 %  J.P. Morgan SE  8 141 141  2,4 %  Mevold Invest AS  7 994 252  2,3 %  Lyngheim Invest AS  7 810 734  2,3 %  Jakob Hatteland Holding AS  7 441 374  2,2 %  Ewos AS  7 418 309  2,1 %  Bortebakken AS  7 301 134  2,1 %  Verdipapirfondet Dnb Norge  5 717 376  1,7 %  Nordnet Livsforsikring AS  5 278 862  1,5 %  Verdipapirfondet DNB SMB  4 685 346  1,4 %  VPF DNB Norge Selektiv  4 518 643  1,3 %  Salmoserve AS  3 782 921  1,1 %  CACEIS Bank  3 033 333  0,9 %  Småge Eiendom AS  2 788 245  0,8 %  Total 20 largest shareholders  196 624 677  56,9 %  Other shareholders  149 130 145  43,1 %  Total number of shares  345 754 822  100,0 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

As of 31 December 2022, shares directly held by members of the  Board of Directors, Chief Executive officer, and Executive Management consisted of the following:

| No of shares Percentage share  Peder Stette, Member of the board - Stette Invest AS  11 569 338  3,3 %  Glen Allan Bradley, Member of the Board *  5 364 032  1,6 %  Ingjarl Skarvøy, COO - Terra Mare AS and private  1 800 150  0,5 %  Janne-Grethe Stand Aasnæs, Member of the board - Nikaro AS  480 000  0,1 %  Håkon Andre Berg, Member of the board - Carried Away AS  450 000  0,1 %  Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen, CEO &amp; CFO - Troha Invest AS  400 000  0,1 %  Kamilla Mordal Holo, Project Director - C10 Holding AS &amp; private  160 060  0,0 %  Anne Breiby, Member of the board  104 000  0,0 %  Total  20 327 580  5,9 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*1,500,000 shares owned through Ocean Industries AS and 70,000 shares owned privately. Also, including 3,727,366 shares owned through Salmoserve AS where Glen Allan Bradley has an ownership of 25%.

| ## Capital history  (figures in NOK 1000)  Opening balance 1 July 2020  5 375 159  0,05  107 503 182  Share options exercised  10 July 2020  30 000  5 405 159  0,05  3,33  600 000  108 103 182  Private placement  23 July 2020  581 395  5 986 554  0,05  4,30  11 627 906  119 731 088  Private placement  11 September 2020  5 000 000  10 986 554  0,05  5,00  100 000 000  219 731 088  Private placement  23 March 2021  4 166 667  15 153 221  0,05  6,00  83 333 333  303 064 421  Acquisition Kraft Laks  16 August 2021  109 535  15 262 756  0,05  7,58  2 190 694  305 255 115  Private placement  12 October 2021  277 068  15 539 824  0,05  7,71  5 541 374  310 796 489  Share options exercised  26 March 2022  81 250  15 621 074  0,05  4,80  1 625 000  312 421 489  Private placement  5 April 2022  1 666 667  17 287 741  0,05  9,00  33 333 333  345 754 822  Total no. of  outstanding shares  Date  Capital  Increase  Share Capital  After Change  Par Value  Subscription  price  per share  New shares   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company entered into an investment agreement with Dongwon Industries and completed a NOK 50 million private placement towards Dongwon Industries in July 2020.

The Company raised NOK 500 million in a private placement in connection with its initial public offering related to the admission on Merkur Market (now Euronext Growth) in September 2020. Further, the Company also raised another NOK 500 million in a private placement in March 2021.

In  August  2021  the  Company  acquired  100%  of  the  shares  in  Kraft  Laks  AS.  As  part  of  the settlement the Company issued 2,190,694 new shares of NOK 7.5775 per share, and thereby increased its equity by NOK 16.6 million.  In October 2021 the Company carried out a private placement of USD 5m (NOK ~43m) towards Cargill.

Further, in April 2022 the Company carried out a private placement raising gross proceeds of NOK 300 million at a subscription price of NOK 9.00 per share, bringing total raised equity to more than NOK 1.7 billion.

<!-- image -->

## Note 21 Share based payments

From 2020 The Group had granted 1,625,000 options to employees. These options have been granted at different points in time during the year, and key assumptions listed below are as such averages of the different grants. Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe or purchase shares in Salmon Evolution at an average agreed exercise price of NOK 5.25. The options were granted on 25 August 2020 and 28 September 2020 and has a 18 month maturity. The options can be exercised at earliest, 12 months after the grant date. To account for this, an adjusted Black &amp; Scholes option-pricing model is used by applying a weighted expected average life of 15 months. All 1,625,000 options were exercised during 2022.

In addition, the Board of the directors on 26 August 2021 established a share option program for members of the Company's executive management where total of 6,900,000 share options (adjusted to 7,650,000 22 November) have been granted. The options will be issued on an annual basis with 1/3 each year, with issue dates being 31 August 2021, 1 June 2022 and 1 June 2023.  Issued  options  vest  50%  after  year  one  and  50%  after  year  two.  A  total  of  2,300,000 (2,550,000) share options were granted at a strike price of NOK 9.00 per share, and a total of 4,600,000 (5,100,000) options were granted at a strike price equal to the closing price of the Company's shares on Oslo Børs on the last trading day prior to the respective future issue dates + 15%.

The fair value of the options is set on the grant date and is expensed over its lifetime. The fair value of the options has been calculated using the adjusted Black &amp; Scholes option-pricing model, which takes into account the exercise price, the term of the option, the share price at the grant date, expected price volatility of the underlying share, expected dividend and riskfree rates. Given the recent listing and lack of historical price and volatility data, the expected volatility is based on historical volatility for a selection of comparable companies listed on Oslo Stock Exchange ("Oslo Børs"). The risk-free interest rate is set to equal the interest on Norwegian government bonds with the same maturity as the option. Average key assumptions are listed below.

| Outstanding options (in thousands)  2022  2021  Outstanding options 1 January  9 275  1 625  Options granted  0  7 650  Options exercised  1 625  0  Options forfeited  2 500  0  Outstanding options at end of period  5 150  9 275  (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Håkon André Berg (CEO)  20  609  Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen (CFO)  1 399  526  Ingjarl Skarvøy (COO)  600  224  Kamilla Mordal Holo (Project Director)  567  212  Odd Frode Roaldsnes (CCO)  615  53  Total charges  3 201  1 624  Charges to income statement  2259  599  Charges to Asset under Construction  942  1 025   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Key assumptions

Average fair value (NOK)

Average exercise price (NOK)

Weighted expected average life (in years)

Estimated dividend per share (NOK)

Expected average volatility

Risk-free rate

2022

1,47

10,35

2,33

0,00

29,2 %

0,86 %

2021

1,36

10,35

2,33

0,00

29,2 %

0,86 %

| Group management have the following holdings  Holding 01.01  Awarded  Exercised  Forfeitet  Holding 31.12  Håkon André Berg (CEO until oct 22)  3 450  -  450  2 500  500  Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen (CEO from oct 22 &amp; CFO)  2 775  -  375  -  2 400  Ingjarl Skarvøy (COO)  850  -  100  -  750  Kamilla Mordal Holo (Project Director)  850  -  100  -  750  Odd Frode Roaldsnes (CCO)  750  -  -  -  750  Total  8 675  -  1 025  2 500  5 150   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Numbers in thousand

## Note 22 Interest bearing debt

## Long-term interest bearing debt

| (NOK thousand)  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Debt to credit institutions  513 169  200 000  Other long-term interest bearing debt  -  12 352  Other long-term liabilities (land and water rights)  8 549  7 976  Leasing liabilities  9 676  892  Total long-term interest-bearing debt  531 393  221 221   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Short-term interest bearing debt

| (NOK thousand)  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Debt to credit institutions  42 512  733  Other short-term interest bearing debt  12 841  12 352  Leasing liabilitites  3 553  1 236  Total short-term interest-bearing debt  58 906  14 322  Total interest-bearing debt  590 299  235 543  Cash &amp; cash equivalents  278 759  505 545  Net interest-bearing debt  311 540  -270 002   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has entered into a senior secured NOK 625 million debt financing package relating to its phase 1 build out at Indre Harøy with Nordea, Sparebanken Vest and Innovation Norway. This package consists of a NOK 525 million senior secured credit facility that are to finance the construction CAPEX at Indre Harøy (Construction Facility) as well as a NOK 100 million overdraft facility.  Per  31.12.22  the  Group  had  made  drawdowns  of  NOK  495  million  under  the Construction  Facility.  The  Construction  Facility  has  no  repayments  during  the  construction period  and  will  be  converted  into  a  long-term  debt  facility  at  completion  of  Phase  1.  In addition, the Company has drawn NOK 30 million on the Overdraft Facility.

The Group has also entered into loan agreements for a total of NOK 52 million relating to Salmon Evolution Dale AS of which around NOK 30 million was drawn as per 31 December 2022. This

<!-- image -->

financing is intended to finance working capital and investments in Salmon Evolution Dale as well as refinancing of the sel ler's credit.

Per 31.12.2022 the Company has NOK 12.8 million of short-term interest-bearing debt (sellers credit) relating to the acquisition of Salmon Evolution Dale AS.

The above table does not include other long-term liabilities of NOK 8 million related to property and water rights in Salmon Evolution Dale AS.

## Financial covenants

The  most  important  financial  covenants  for  the  long-term  financing  of  the  Group  are, respectively, a solvency requirement that the borrower's (Salmon Evolution Norway AS) bo ok equity  ratio  (including  intra-group  loans)  shall  exceed  50%.  Further,  there  is  a  profitability requirement linked to the borrower's EBITDA which shall be greater than NOK 100 million on a last 12-month basis from Q2 2024. Quarterly EBITDA figures shall be measured from Q3 2023 with set minimum EBITDA levels reflecting the company's gradual ramp up of production volumes and profitability.

Finally,  there is a minimum cash requirement that stipulates that the cash balance shall be greater  than  NOK  100  million  during  construction,  and  greater  than  NOK  50  million  after completion of the construction work.

## Security

The Group's bank debt facilities are fully guaranteed by Salmon Evolution ASA. The respective lenders also have a pledge over 100% of the shares in the Group's two operating subsidiaries, Salmon  Evolution  Norway  AS  and  Salmon  Evolution  Dale  AS.  Furthermore,  the  respective lenders have a pledge over all material operating assets of the Group, hereunder inter alia, land, plant and machinery, operating licenses, inventory and receivables.

| Information supporting the cash flows  (NOK thousand)  Short term  Long term  Balance at January 1, 2022  14 322  221 221  Repayment of loans and borrowings  -13 086  -  Proceeds from new bank loan  42 512  313 169  Seller credit Kraft Laks  12 841  -12 352  Obligations due to land and water rigths  -  573  Change in obligations under leases  2 316  8 784  Balance at Dec 31, 2022  58 906  531 393  Transaction cost related to loans and borrowings  -  Capitalised borrowing cost  24 115  Interest expense  3 012  Change accrued interest  -2 412  Interest paid  24 714  Interest bearing debt   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Information supporting the cash flows  (NOK thousand)  Short term  Long term  Balance at January 1, 2021  40 696  933  Repayment of loans and borrowings  -40 000  -  Proceeds from new bank loan  733  200 000  Seller credit Kraft Laks  12 352  12 352  Obligations due to land and water rigths  -  7 976  Change in obligations under leases  540  -41  Balance at December 21, 2021  14 322  221 221  Transaction cost related to loans and borrowings  5 380  Capitalised borrowing cost  6 079  Interest expense  1 007  Interest paid  -11 477  Total liability-related other changes  989  Interest bearing debt   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 23 Trade and other current liabilities

| (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2022  Trade payables operation  21 483  19 435  Trade payable investments  113 616  142 636  Total trade payables  135 098  162 071  (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2022  Tax payable  2 077  1 026  Payroll withholding tax  2 810  1 785  Employer's national insurance contributions  2 199  2 135  Total social security and other taxes  7 086  4 946  (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2022  Accrued employer's social security contribution  0  0  Shareholder loan  0  0  Accrued salaries, holiday pay and bonus provisions  6 869  4 821  Severance pay accrual  0  0  Accrued interest expense  2 915  991  Other current liabilities  0  0  Total other current liabilities  9 783  5 812   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

31 Dec 2021

31 Dec 2021

31 Dec 2021

<!-- image -->

## Note 24 Related party balances and transactions

During the ordinary course of business, the Group engages in certain transactions with related parties. The following is a summary of related party transactions carried out in the period:

The Company has a consultancy agreement with Peder Stette (board member) and Frode Kjølås (chair nomination committee) relating to assistance in certain projects on an ad-hoc basis.

The  Group  has  during  2022  purchased  legal  services  from  Adviso  Advokatfirma  AS  in  the amount of NOK 206,000 in its ordinary course of business. Board member Ingvild Vartdal is a partner at Adviso Advokatfirma AS but has not had any role in the services rendered to Salmon Evolution.

In Addition, the Company have purchased well boat services from Rostein AS in the amount of NOK 1.7 million. Rofisk AS owns Rostein AS (100%), and board member Glen Allan Bradley is the chair of the Board in Rofisk AS.

## Income from related parties:

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  K Smart Co Ltd  1 560  264  Total income from related parties (incl.VAT)  1 560  264  ## Expenses to related parties:  (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Artec Aqua AS*  N/A  107 990  Rofisk AS (100% owner of Rostein AS)  1 686  -  Adviso Advokatfirma AS  206  325  Kjølås Stansekniver AS  936  464  Stette Eiendom AS  479  147  Total expenses to related parties (Incl. VAT)  3 308  108 927  Current liabilities to related parties  (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Artec Aqua AS*  N/A  35 201  Rofisk AS (100% owner of Rostein AS)  150  -  Kjølås Stansekniver AS  93  -  Total current liabilities to related parties  243  35 201  ## Current receivables from related parties  (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  K Smart Farming Co., Ltd  1 560  32  Total current liabilities to related parties  1 560  32   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Due to the acquisition of Artec Aqua AS by Endur ASA in Q1 2021, Artec Aqua is no longer considered a related party to Salmon Evolution ASA.

There were no non-current liabilities to related parties as of 31.12.2022.

<!-- image -->

## Note 25 Events after the reporting date

## Signed agreement for new NOK 1,550 million green debt financing package

The Company has entered into a binding loan agreement with DNB and Nordea for a new green debt financing package totalling NOK 1,550 million relating to phase 1 and 2 at Indre Harøy.

The new debt financing package consists of the following facilities:

- NOK 525 million nonamortizing Term Loan Facility which will refinance the Company's existing NOK 525 million construction loan relating to phase 1 (the 'Term Loan')
- NOK 250 million RCF Capex Facility available for general corporate purposes including Indre Harøy phase 2 capex (the 'RCF Facility')
- NOK 775 million Construction Facility available for financing of capex relating to phase 2 at Indre Harøy (the 'Construction Facility')

<!-- image -->

## Parent company Financial Statement

## Income Statement

| (NOK thousands)  Note  2022  2021  Other income  3  15 215  9 874  Total operating income  15 215  9 874  Personnel expenses  4,5  (21 973)  (14 551)  Depreciation  6,7  (1 938)  (13)  Other operating expenses  4,8  (27 603)  (10 878)  Operating profit (EBIT)  (36 300)  (15 568)  Financial income  3  58 436  19 135  Financial expenses  3,9  (4 332)  (624)  Net financials  54 104  18 511  Profit/loss before tax  17 804  2 943  Income tax expense  10  486  4 719  Profit/loss for the period  18 290  7 662  Statement of Comprehensive Income  (NOK thousands)  Note  2022  2021  Profit/loss for the period  18 290  7 662   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Statement of Financial Position

| (NOK thousands)  Note  31 Dec 2022  31 Dec 2021  Assets  Intangible assets  6  2 564  0  Deferred tax asset  10  5 205  4 719  Property, plant &amp; equipment  6  1 091  0  Right-of-use assets  6,7  9 841  216  Group non-current receivables  3  1 057 808  649 976  Investment in subsidiaries  11  359 197  356 778  Total non-current assets  1 435 705  1 011 689  Other current receivables  3  43 711  2 381  Cash and cash equivalents  12  254 610  355 403  Total current assets  298 321  357 783  Total assets  1 734 026  1 369 472  Equity and liabilities  Share capital  13  17 288  15 540  Share premium  13  1 605 894  1 313 104  Other reserves  5  7 540  4 338  Other equity  0  0  Retained earnings  26 202  7 912  Total equity  1 656 923  1 340 894  Long-term interest-bearing debt  9  12 500  12 352  Lease liabilities - long term  7  7 602  144  Total non-current liabilities  20 102  12 496  Short-term interest-bearing debt  9  43 174  12 352  Trade payables  14  5 415  569  Current liabilities to Group Companies  3  37  0  Lease liabilities - short term  7  2 390  73  Other current liabilities  14  5 984  3 087  Total current liabilities  57 001  16 082  Total liabilities  77 103  28 578  Total equity and liabilities  1 734 026  1 369 472   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## The Board of Directors of Salmon Evolution ASA Elnesvågen/Ålesund 17 April 2023

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Tore Tønseth Chair

Janne-Grethe Strand Aasnæs Director

Anne Breiby Director

Peder Stette Director

Glen Allan Bradley Director

Eunhong Min Director

Ingvild Vartdal Director

Håkon André Berg Director

Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen CEO

<!-- image -->

## Statement of Cash Flow

| (NOK thousands)  Note  2022  2021  Cash flow from operations  Profit before income taxes  17 804  2 943  Adjustments for:  Depreciation  6  1 938  0  Net financials  3  (53 078)  (18 511)  Share based payment expenses  4  3 201  1 135  Gain on lease modification  7  0  1  Changes in working capital:  0  0  Change in trade receivables  (2 797)  (2 304)  Change in other current receivables  (38 533)  112  Change in trade payables  4 846  (30)  Change in current liabilities to Group companies (exl. Group contribution)  3  37  (1 930)  Change in other current liabilities  3 602  3 087  Cash generated from operations  (62 980)  (15 497)  Cash flow from investment activities  Investment in Group Companies  11  (2 419)  (35 949)  Payments for intangible assets  6  (2 564)  0  Payments for fixed assets and other capitalizations  6  (1 193)  0  Dividend income from group companies  12 000  0  Net cash flow from investment activities  5 823  (35 949)  Cash flow from financing activities  Proceeds from issue of equity, net of paid transaction costs  6  294 538  517 874  Change in intercompany borrowings  3  (409 968)  (637 874)  Proceeds from new borrowings  9  42 833  0  Repayment of borrowings  9  (12 841)  Net change in right of use assets and liabilities  (1 685)  0  Interest paid  (1 924)  (429)  Interest received  45 410  7 033  Net cash flow from financing activities  (41 888)  (120 001)  Net change in cash and cash equivalents  (100 792)  (164 842)  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period  355 403  520 245  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period  254 610  355 403   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Statement of Changes in Equity

| Balance at 1 January 2021  10 987  783 183  251  2 714  797 134  Profit/loss for the period  0  0  7 662  0  7 662  Other comprehensive income  0  0  0  0  0  Total comprehensive income  0  0  7 662  0  7 662  Capital increase 18 March 2021  4 167  495 833  0  0  Capital increase 18 March 2021, transaction costs  0  (24 850)  0  0  (24 850)  Private placement, 18 August 2021  110  16 490  0  0  16 600  Private placement, 22 October 2021  277  42 447  0  0  42 724  Share options issued  0  0  0  1 624  1 624  Transactions with owners  4 553  529 920  0  1 624  Balance at 31 December 2021  13  15 540  1 313 104  7 912  4 338  Profit/loss for the period  0  0  18 290  0  18 290  Other comprehensive income  0  0  0  0  0  Total comprehensive income  0  0  18 290  0  18 290  Share options exercised  81  7 724  0  0  7 805  Private placement 5. April 2022  1 129  202 041  0  0  203 169  Private placement, 2. May 2022  538  96 293  0  0  96 831  Private placements, transaction costs  0  (13 267)  0  0  (13 267)  Share options issued  0  0  0  3 201  3 201  Transactions with owners  13  1 748  292 790  0  3 201  Balance at 31 December 2022  13  17 288  1 605 894  26 202  7 540  Total equity  (NOK thousands)  Share  capital  Share  premium  Retained  Earnings  Other  Reserves  Note   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

500 000

536 098

1 340 894

297 740

1 656 923

<!-- image -->

## Note 1 Summary of significant accounting policies

## General information

Salmon Evolution ASA is a Norwegian business headquartered at Indre Harøy in Møre og Romsdal and listed on the Oslo Børs with the ticker symbol "SALME". Salmon Evolution ASA owns the following subsidiaries (collectivelly "the Group" or "SE");

- Salmon Evolution Norway AS, headquartered and located in Molde, Norway
- Salmon Evolution International AS,
- Salmon Evolution Dale AS
- Salmon Evolution Sales AS

SE is building a land-based salmon farming facility at Indre Harøy, with a planned annual production of 31,500 tons HOG fully developed of which phase 1 has a planned annual production of 7,900 tons HOG.

The build-out consists of three phases, with the first phase consisting of 12 large grow out tanks with corresponding  infrastructure.  SE  will  operate  a  hybrid  flow-through  (HFS)  system,  utilizing  fresh seawater  from  the  Norwegian  coast.  Construction  start  of  phase  1  was  in  Q2  2020  and  was completed mid April 2023. The first smolt batch was released at Indre Harøy late March 2022 as per original timeline, and the Group completed its first harvest in November 2022.

## Basis of preparation and accounting principles

The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the Norwegian Accounting Act § 39 and Finance Ministry's prescribed regulations from 21 January 2008 on simplified IFRS.  Principally  this  means  that  recognition  and  measurement  comply  with  the  International Accounting Standards (IFRS) and presentation and note  disclosures  are  in  accordance  with  the Norwegian Accounting Act and generally accepted accounting principles. Any exceptions from measurement and recognition according to IFRS is disclosed below.

## Accounting period

The company was incorporated on 3 July 2020. The accounting period for the financial statements are 1 January 2021 - 31 December 2022.

## Going concern

The Company has adopted the going concern basis in preparing its financial statements. When assessing this assumption, management has assessed all available information about the future. This comprises  information  about  net  cash  flows  from  existing  customer  contracts  and  other  service contracts,  debt  service  and  obligations.  After  making  such  assessments,  management  has  a reasonable  expectation  that  the  Company  has  adequate  resources  to  continue  its  operational existence for the foreseeable future.

## Basis of measurement

The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for the following items:

- Financial derivatives -measured at fair value through profit or loss.

<!-- image -->

## Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are valued at cost in the company accounts. The investment is valued as cost of acquiring shares, providing they are not impaired. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount  by  which  the  carrying  amount  of  the  subsidiary  exceeds  its  recoverable  amount.  The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less cost to sell and value in use. The recoverable amount of an investment in  a  subsidiary  would  normally  be  based  on  the  present  value  of  the subsidiary's future cash flow.

## Dividends and group contributions

The Company has applied simplifications in regard to the Directives specified by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance on 21. of January 2008, related to accounting treatment of dividends and group contributions: Dividends and group contributions will be treated in accordance with the Norwegian Accounting Act and deviates from IAS 10 no. 12 and 13.

## Classification of current and non-current items

Assets  are  classified  as  current  when  it  it  expected  to  be  realized  or  sold,  or  to  be  used  in  the Company's normal operating cycle, or falls due or is expected to be realized within 12 months after the end of the reporting date. Assets that do not fall under this definition is classified as non-current. Liabilities  are  classified  as  current when they are expected to be settled in the normal operating cycle of the Company or are expected to be settled within 12 months after the reporting date, or if the Company does not have an unconditional right to postpone settlement for at least 12 months after the reporting date. Liabilities that do not fall under this definition are classified as non-current.

## Employee benefits

Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, annual leave and accumulating sick leave that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees' services up to the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities  are  settled.  The  liabilities  are  presented  as  current  employee  benefit  obligations  in  the balance sheet.

## Share based payments

Information relating to the Company's employee option scheme is set out in note 5. The fair value of options  granted  under  the  scheme  is  recognised  as  an  employee  benefits  expense  with  a corresponding increase in equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

- including any market performance conditions (eg t he entity's share price)
- -excluding  the  impact  of  any  service  and  non-market  performance  vesting  conditions  (eg profitability,  sales  growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period), and
- including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (eg the requirement for employees to save or holdings shares for a specific period of time).

The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified  vesting  conditions  are  to  be  satisfied.  At  the  end  of  each  period,  the  entity  revises  its estimates of the number of options that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting and

<!-- image -->

service conditions. It recognizes the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

## Pensions

The Group offers a defined contribution plan to its employees and pays contributions to publicly or privately administered pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual, or voluntary basis. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. Contributions are recognized as employee benefit expense when they are due and are included as part of salary and personnel costs in the statement of profit and loss. Prepaid contributions are recognized as an asset to the extent in which a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.

## Current and change in deferred tax for the year

## Income Tax

The tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and change in deferred tax.

## Current tax

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from net profit as  reported  in  the  income  statement  because  it  excludes  items  of  income  or  expense  that  are taxable  or  deductible  in  other  years  and  it  further  excludes  items  that  are  never  taxable  or deductible.  The  Company's  liability  for  current  tax  is  calculated  using  tax  rates  that  have  been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.

## Deferred tax

Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit and is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Such assets and liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or from the initial recognition (other  than  in  a  business  combination)  of  other  assets  and  liabilities  in  a  transaction  that  affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary  differences  arising  on  investments  in  subsidiaries  and  associates,  and  interests  in  joint ventures, except where the Company is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered. Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled, or the asset is realized based on tax laws and rates that  have  been  enacted  or  substantively  enacted  at  the  balance  sheet  date.  Deferred  tax  is charged or credited in the income statement, except when it relates to items charged or credited in  other  comprehensive  income,  in  which  case  the  deferred  tax  is  also  dealt  with  in  other comprehensive  income.  The  measurement  of  deferred  tax  liabilities  and  assets  reflects  the  tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets

<!-- image -->

against current tax liabilities  and  when  they  relate  to  income  taxes  levied  by  the  same  taxation authority and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

## Current tax and deferred tax for the year

Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognized in  other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

## Leases

All  leasing agreements with a duration exceeding 12 months are capitalized. The Group assesses whether a legally enforceable contract is or contains a lease at the inception date of the contract. The assessment includes several criteria to be determined based on judgment that includes whether there is an identifiable asset in connection to the lease, whether the Group has the right to control the  use  of  the  identifiable  asset,  and  whether  the  Group  can  obtain  substantially  all  economic benefits from the identifiable asset.

The Company  recognizes  a  right-ofuse ('ROU') asset and  a  lease liability at the lease commencement date. The lease liability is calculated based on the present value of the contractual minimum lease payments using the incremental interest rate of the lease. The contractual minimum lease payments consist of fixed payments based on contractual amount at the time of conclusion of the agreement. The lease liability is subsequently measured at amortized cost under the effective interest rate during the lease term and may also be adjusted to management's reassessment of future lease payments based on options exercised, renegotiations, or changes of an index rate.

The ROU asset is calculated based on the lease liability, plus initial direct costs towards the lease, and less any incentives granted by the lessor. The ROU asset is subsequently amortized under the straightline method under the shorter of the lease term or the useful life of the underlying asset and is included as part of depreciation and amortization in the accompanying statements of other comprehensive income.

Leases that fall under the IFRS 16 short-term exception are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand and deposits held at call with financial institutions.

## Trade and Other Receivables

Trade receivables are initially recognized at amortized cost, less a provision for expected credit losses. Credit loss provisions are based on individual customer assessments over each reporting period and not on a 12-month period.

## Trade and other payables

Trade  and  other  payables  represent  unpaid  liabilities  for  goods  and  services  provided  to  the Company prior to the end of the financial year and are presented as current liabilities unless payment is  not due within 12 months after the reporting period. Trade and other payables are recognized initially  at  their  fair  value  and  are  subsequently  measured  at  amortized  cost  using  the  effective interest method.

## Statement of cash flows

The accompanying statements of cash flows are prepared in accordance with the indirect method.

<!-- image -->

## Note 2 Financial risk and capital management

The Company's financial assets and liabilities include trade and other receivables, trade and other payables, cash, and borrowings necessary for its operations. The Company's risk management is carried out by the Company's finance department. The Company is exposed to market risk, interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk, and liquidity risk.

## Market risk

Market risk is linked to both Interest Rate- and Currency fluctuations.

## Interest Rate

The Company's interest rate risk relates primarily to borrowings from financial institutions with variable interest rates. As of 31 December 2022 Salmon Evolution Norway AS, a subsidiary of Salmon Evolution ASA, has outstanding loans from credit institutions amounted to NOK 556 million (excluding financial leasing). The Construction Facility which represents the vast majority of the Company's loan with financial institutions has an interest rate of NIBOR 3M plus an agreed margin of 3.75%. In order to reduce exposure to fluctuations in the interest rate Salmon Evolution Norway AS has entered interest rate swap contracts with Nordea and Sparebanken Vest, of respectively NOK 150 million and NOK 50 million. Salmon Evolution ASA is guarantor for the loan.

The Construction Facility and the Term Loan Facility are partly guaranteed by Eksfin.

## Foreign Currency

The Company's foreign currency risk relates to the Company's operating, investing, and financing activities denominated in a foreign currency. This includes the Company's revenues, expenses and capital expenditures.  As 31 December 2022 the Company had not made any contracts.

The Company's presentation currency is Norwegian Kroner ("NOK").

## Credit risk

With respect to credit risk arising from the financial assets of the Company, which comprise cash and cash equivalents, and other receivables, the Company's exposure to credit risk arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amount of these instruments. This risk is not considered to be material.

## Liquidity risk

A lack of liquidity will entail a risk that the Company will not be able to pay its obligations on maturity. Management monitors rolling forecasts of the Company's liquidity reserve (comprising cash and cash equivalents) on the basis of expected cash flows. The Company's business plan and growth strategy is  capital  intensive and the Company may be dependent upon future equity issues and/or debt financing in order to finance its current long-term plans.

<!-- image -->

## Note 3 Intercompany balances and intercompany transactions

| (NOK thousands)  Non-current  receivables  Current  receivables  Non-current  liabilities  Current  liabilities  Salmon Evolution Norway AS  1 026 851  34 567  -  37  Salmon Evolution International AS  29 957  -  -  -  Salmon Evolution Dale AS  -  -  -  -  Salmon Evolution Sales AS  1 000  K Smart Farming Co., Ltd  -  -  -  -  Total intercompany balances  1 057 808  34 567  -  37   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Intercompany and related party transactions:

| (NOK thousands)  Revenue  Interest  Salmon Evolution Norway AS  13 800  33 228  Salmon Evolution International AS  -  1 185  Salmon Evolution Dale AS  -  -  Salmon Evolution Sales AS  K Smart Farming Co., Ltd  1 415  -  Total intercompany balances  15 215  34 412   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Investments in Salmon Evolution Norway AS and Salmon Evolution International AS is partly financed with loan from Salmon Evolution ASA. The interest rate on these loans is set at a market interest rate of 4 %.

Intercompany receivables to Salmon Evolution Norway AS are unsecured. The bank loans have security in all material assets of Salmon Evolution Norway AS, including but not limited to land and plant and machinery. Salmon Evolution ASA as parent company of the Group has also fully guaranteed the Group's bank loans.

Carrying value of the investment property pledged as security is NOK 1,771 million.

Salmon Evolution ASA received 12MNOK as dividend from Salmon Evolution Dale in 2022.

Salmon Evolution ASA also requires an administration fee from Salmon Evolution Norway AS. This fee covers administration, advice and development of the company, and is invoiced based om time spent by the employees of the parent company in the various areas. Total amount in 2022 was 13.8 MNOK.

There were no other transactions with group companies and related parties in 2022.

<!-- image -->

## Note 4 Personnel expenses, remuneration to the board and auditor's fee

## Personnel expenses, remuneration to executives and accrued liabilities to be paid in 2023

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Salaries  12 880  7 807  Social security  2 184  1 425  Pensions  512  83  Other benefits  1 894  16  Share-based payments  1 782  1 535  Director's fee (both paid in 2022 and liabilities to be paid 2023)  2 721  3 685  Gross personnel expenses  21 973  14 551   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Number of full-time employment equivalents

9 2

Norwegian  entities  are  obligated  to  establish  a  mandatory  company  pension.  This  obligation  is fulfilled under the current pension plan. No loans or guarantees have been given to the members of the board of directors or executive management.

## Remuneration and compensation to members of the board

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Tore Tønseth (Chairman of the Board)  500  500  Kristofer Reiten (Member of the Board)  250  250  Glen Bradley (Member of the Board and audut committee)  375  250  Peder Stette (Member of the Board)  250  250  Anne Breiby (Member of the Board)  250  250  Yun Ki Yun (Member of the board)  250  208  Janne-Grethe A. Strand (Member of the board and leader of audit committee)  500  42  Ingvild Vartdal (Member of the Board)  250  42  Frode Kjølås (Nomination committee)  75  208  Berit Rogne (Nomination committee)  50  Total board of Directors  2 750  2 000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Remuneration and compensation to executive management 2022

| (NOK thousands)  Salary  Bonus  Options  Pension  Other  Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen (CFO/CEO/Chairman)  2 228  -  1 399  67  246  3 940  Håkon Andrè Berg (CEO/Chairman until nov.2022)  2 722  -  20  67  208  3 017  Total executive management  4 950  -  1 419  134  454  6 957   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Auditor's remuneration expensed in 2022

Total

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Statutory audit  440  255  Service inrelation to tax return  8  0  Tax advise  0  0  Interim audit  0  97  Other services  0  116  Total  448  468   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Note 5 Share based payments

From 2020 The Company had granted 1,625,000 options to Group employees. These options have been granted at different points in time during the year, and key assumptions listed below are as such averages of the different grants. Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe or purchase shares in Salmon Evolution ASA at an average agreed exercise price of NOK 5.25. The options were granted on 25 August 2020 and 28 September 2020 and has a 18 month maturity. The options can be exercised at earliest, 12 months after the grant date. To account for this, an adjusted Black &amp; Scholes option-pricing model is used by applying a weighted expected average life of 15 months.

In addition, the Board of the directors on 26 August 2021 established a share option program for members of the Group's executive management where total of 6,900,000 share options (adjusted to 7,650,000 22 November) have been granted. The options will be issued on an annual basis with 1/3 each year, with issue dates being 31 August 2021, 1 June 2022 and 1 June 2023. Issued options vest 50%  after  year  one  and  50%  after  year  two.  A  total  of  2,300,000  (2,550,000)  share  options  were granted at a strike price of NOK 9.00 per share, and a total of 4,600,000 (5,100,000) options were granted at a strike price equal to the closing price of the Company's shares on Oslo Børs on the last trading day prior to the respective future issue dates + 15%.

The fair value of the options is set on the grant date and is expensed over its lifetime. The fair value of the options has been calculated using the adjusted Black &amp; Scholes option-pricing model, which takes into account the exercise price, the term of the option, the share price at the grant date, expected price volatility of the underlying share, expected dividend and risk-free rates. Given the recent  listing  and  lack  of  historical  price  and  volatility  data,  the  expected  volatility  is  based  on historical volatility for a selection of comparable companies listed on Oslo Stock Exchange ("Oslo Børs"). The risk-free interest rate is set to equal the interest on Norwegian government bonds with the same maturity as the option. Average key assumptions are listed below.

| Outstanding options (in thousands)  2022  2021  Outstanding options 1 January  9 275  1 625  Options granted  0  7 650  Options exercised  1 625  0  Options forfeited  2 500  0  Outstanding options at end of period  5 150  9 275  (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Håkon André Berg (CEO until october 2022)  20  609  Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen (CEO from oktober 2022 &amp; CFO)  1 399  526  Ingjarl Skarvøy (COO)  600  224  Kamilla Mordal Holo (Project Director)  567  212  Odd Frode Roaldsnes (CCO)  615  53  Total  3 201          1 624  Charges to income statement, Salmon Evolution ASA  1 782  1 135  Charges to the shares in Salmon Evolution Norway AS  1 419  489   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Key assumptions  2022  2021  Average fair value (NOK)  1,47  1,36  Average exercise price (NOK)  10,35  10,35  Weighted expected average life (in years)  2,33  2,33  Estimated dividend per share (NOK)  0  0  Expected average volatility  29,2 %  29,2 %  Risk-free rate  0,86 %  0,86 %  Group management have the following holdings  Holding 01.01 Awarded  Exercised  Forfeitet  Holding  31.12  Håkon André Berg (CEO)  3 450  -  450  2 500  500  Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen (CFO)  2 775  -  375  -  2 400  Ingjarl Skarvøy (COO)  850  -  100  -  750  Kamilla Mordal Holo (Project Director)  850  -  100  -  750  Odd Frode Roaldsnes (CCO)  750  -  -  -  750  Total  8 675  -  1 025  2 500  5 150   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Numbers in thousand

## Note 6 Property, plant and equipment

| (figures in NOK 1000)  Intangible  assets  Fixtures and  fittings  Right-of-use  assets  Total  Cost 1 January 2022  0  0  216  216  Additions  2 564  1 193  11 466  Disposals  Cost 31 December 2022  2 564  1 193  11 682  Accumulated depreciation 1 January 2022  0  0  5  5  Depreciation for the period  0  103  1 836  1 938  Net book value 31 December 2022  2 564  1 091  9 841   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

15 223

15 439

13 495

Straight-line depreciation is applied over the useful life of property, plant, and equipment based on the  asset's  historical  cost  and  estimated  residual  value  at  disposal.  Depreciation  is  charged  to expense when the property, plant or equipment is ready for use or placed in service.

Capitalized development costs are related to building strategy and purchase of rights for sale and development of own branding.

<!-- image -->

## Note 7 Leases

Amounts recognised in the balance sheet

| (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2022 31 Dec 2021  Right-of-use assets  Rent of premises  8 101  0  Car  427  216  Office supply  1 313  0  Total right-of-use assets  9 841  216  Lease liabilities  Current  2 390  73  Non-current  7 602  144  Total lease liabilities  9 993  217  ## Amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss  (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2022 31 Dec 2021  Depreciation right-of-use assets  Rent of premises  (1 417)  0  Car  (187)  (13)  Office supply  (231)  0  Gross depreciation  (1 836)  (13)  - Capitalized as assets under construction  Net depreciation  (1 836)  (13)  Interest expense lease liability  409  2   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total cash outflow for leases in 2022 was NOK 2,059 thousand.

Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily determined,  which  is  generally  the  case  for  leases  in  the  Company,  the  lessee's  incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Company:

- where possible, uses recent third -party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received
- uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by the Company, which does not have recent third-party financing, and
- makes adjustments specific to the lease, eg term, country, currency and se curity.

The Company is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate, which are not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the  right-of-use  asset.  Lease  payments  are  allocated  between  principal  and  finance cost.  The

<!-- image -->

finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period in order to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

- the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability
- any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentive received
- any initial direct costs, and - restoration costs.

Right-ofuse assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If the Company is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the under lying asset's useful life.

The Company has entered into several lease agreements that are considered to qualify as shortterm and/or low-value in accordance with IFRS 16. Payments associated with such short-term and low-value leases are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value assets comprise IT-equipment and small items of office furniture.

## Note 8 Other operating expenses

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Cost of premises (not defined as RoU)  568  63  Other operating and administrative expenses  7 723  973  Insurance  151  53  Consultancy fees  17 991  6 927  Other fees (Oslo Børs, VPS)  1 170  2 863  Total other operating expenses  27 603  10 878   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Note 9 Interest bearing debt

| ## Long-term interest bearing debt  (NOK thousand)  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Debt to credit institutions  12 500  -  Other long-term interest bearing debt  -  12 352  Leasing liabilities  7 602  144  Total long-term interest-bearing debt  20 102  12 496  ## Short-term interest bearing debt  (NOK thousand)  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Debt to credit institutions  30 333  -  Other short-term interest bearing debt  12 841  12 352  Leasing liabilitites  2 390  73  Total short-term interest-bearing debt  45 565  12 425  Total interest-bearing debt  65 667  24 921  Cash &amp; cash equivalents  254 610  355 403  Net interest-bearing debt  -188 943  -330 482   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has entered into a senior secured NOK 625 million debt financing package relating to its phase  1  build  out  at  Indre  Harøy  with  Nordea,  Sparebanken  Vest  and  Innovation  Norway.  This package  consists  of  a  NOK  525  million  senior  secured  credit  facility  that  are  to  finance  the construction  CAPEX  at  Indre  Harøy  (Construction  Facility)  as  well  as  a  NOK  100  million  overdraft facility. Per 31.12.22 the Group had made drawdowns of NOK 495 million under the Construction Facility.  The  Construction  Facility  has  no  repayments  during  the  construction  period  and  will  be converted into a long-term debt facility at completion of Phase 1.

## Financial covenants

The most important financial covenants for the long-term financing of the Group are, respectively, a solvency requirement that the borrower's (Salmon Evolution Norway AS) book equity ratio (including intra-group  loans)  shall  exceed  50%.  Further,  there  is  a  profitability  requirement  linked  to  the borrower's EBITDA which shall be greater tha n NOK 100 million on a last 12-month basis from Q2 2024. Quarterly EBITDA figures shall be measured from Q3 2023 with set minimum EBITDA levels reflecting the company's gradual ramp up of production volumes and profitability. Finally, there is a minimum cash requirement that stipulates that the cash balance shall be greater than NOK 100 million during construction, and greater than NOK 50 million after completion of the construction work.

## Security

The Group's bank debt facilities are fully guaranteed by Salmon Evolution ASA. The respective lenders also  have  a  pledge  over  100%  of  the  shares  in  the  Group's  two  operating  subsidiaries,  Salmon Evolution  Norway  AS and Salmon Evolution Dale AS.  Furthermore,  the respective lenders have a pledge  over  all  material  operating  assets  of  the  Group,  hereunder  inter  alia,  land,  plant  and machinery, operating licenses, inventory and receivables.

<!-- image -->

## Note 10 Taxes

## Calculation of deffered tax/deferred tax benefit

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Fixed assets  206  Right-of-use assets  9 841  216  Lease liabilities  -9 993  -217  Other current liabilities  Net temporary differences  54  -1  Tax losses carried forward  53 995  52 798  Basis for deferred tax  53 941  52 799  Deferred tax (22%)  11 867  11 616  Deferred tax benefit not recognised in the balance sheet*  -6 662  -6 896  Deferred tax in the balance sheet  5 205  4 719   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Deferred tax benefit has not been recognised in the balance sheet as the Company is in its start-up phase and does not have any historical results to refer to when assessing whether future taxable profits will be sufficient to utilize the tax benefit. However, there is payable tax and deferred tax in the subsidiary Salmon Evolution Dale AS. The group assumes to utilize tax losses carried forward against tax positions in Salmon Evolution Dale AS.

## Basis for income tax expense, changes in deferred tax and tax payable

| (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Result before taxes  17 804  2 943  Permanent differences*  -23 610  -23 646  Basis for the tax expense in the current year  -5 806  -20 703  Change in temporary differences  -55  -1  Basis for payable taxes in the income statement  -5 861  -20 704  ## Components of the tax expense  (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Payable tax on this year's result  -  -  Change in deferred tax  -251  -4 554  Change in deferred tax not shown in the balance sheet  -234  -165  Tax expence  -486  -4 719  ## Reconciliation of the tax expense with the nominal tax rate  (NOK thousands)  2022  2021  Result before taxes  17 804  2 943  Calculated tax (22%)  3 917  647  Tax expence  -  -  Difference  -3 917  -647  The difference consists of:  Tax on permanent differences  -5 194  -5 201  Change in tax rate  -  -  Change in deferred tax  486  4 719  Change in deferred tax due to change in tax rate  -  -  Change in deferred tax not shown in the balance sheet  -234  -165  Change due to group contribution from previous year (tax wise)  1 026  Sum explained differences  -3 917  -647   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Note 11 Investments in subsidiaries

| (NOK thousands)  Location and place of business  Ownership/  voting right  Equity 31.12.22  (100%)  Result 2022  (100%)  Balance sheet  value  Salmon Evolution Norway AS  Molde, Norway  100 %  236 326  (7 474)  281 138  Salmon Evolution International AS  Molde, Norway  100 %  -1 770  (790)  1 000  Salmon Evolution Dale AS  Folkestad, Norway  100 %  18 878  5 263  76 059  Salmon Evolution Sales AS  Ålesund, Norway  100 %  1 000  122  1 000  K Smart Farming Co., Ltd*  Gangwangnak-ro, South Korea  49 %  49 242  416  -  Balance sheet value as of 31 December 2022  359 197   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*K Smart Farming Co., Ltd is owned through Salmon Evolution International AS

Investments in subsidiaries are valued at cost in the company accounts. The investment is valued as cost of acquiring shares, providing they are not impaired. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount  by  which  the  carrying  amount  of  the  subsidiary  exceeds  its  recoverable  amount.  The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less cost to sell and value in use. The recoverable amount of an investment in  a  subsidiary  would  normally  be  based  on  the  present  value  of  the subsidiary's future cash flow. As of 31.12.2022 no impairment indicators was assessed to be present for the Company's investments.

## Movement in investment in subsidiaries during 2022 is analysed in the following way:

| (NOK thousands)  Opening balance 01 January 2022  356 778  Share options issued (Salmon Evolution Norway)  1 419  Salmon Evolution Sales AS, established July 2022  1 000  Closing balance 31 December 2022  359 197   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 12 Cash and restricted cash

| (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2021  Cash in bank  252 956  355 126  Restricted bank deposits  1 655  276  Total cash and cash equivalents  254 610  355 403   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

31 Dec 2021

Restricted cash are related to tax withholdings for employees (TNOK 1 655).

## Note 13 Share capital

| Nominal value  31 Dec 2022  31 Dec 2021  Ordinary shares  0,05  345 754 822  310 796 489  Average number of shares  0,05  337 015 239  291 291 107  (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2022  31 Dec 2021  Share capital  17 288  15 540  Share premium  1 605 894  1 334 283  Total  1 623 182  1 349 823   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The number of shares issued in the company at 31 December 2022 was 345,754,822 with a nominal value of NOK 0.05 each. All shares carry equal voting rights.

| 20 largest shareholders as of 31.12.22  No of shares  Percentage share  Ronja Capital II AS  27 393 242  7,9 %  The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV  22 310 787  6,5 %  Farvatn Private Equity AS  17 649 433  5,1 %  Dongwon Industries Co. Ltd  16 044 572  4,6 %  Rofisk AS  14 537 897  4,2 %  Stette Invest AS  11 569 338  3,3 %  Kjølås Stansekniver AS  11 207 738  3,2 %  J.P. Morgan SE  8 141 141  2,4 %  Mevold Invest AS  7 994 252  2,3 %  Lyngheim Invest AS  7 810 734  2,3 %  Jakob Hatteland Holding AS  7 441 374  2,2 %  Ewos AS  7 418 309  2,1 %  Bortebakken AS  7 301 134  2,1 %  Verdipapirfondet Dnb Norge  5 717 376  1,7 %  Nordnet Livsforsikring AS  5 278 862  1,5 %  Verdipapirfondet DNB SMB  4 685 346  1,4 %  VPF DNB Norge Selektiv  4 518 643  1,3 %  Salmoserve AS  3 782 921  1,1 %  CACEIS Bank  3 033 333  0,9 %  Småge Eiendom AS  2 788 245  0,8 %  Total 20 largest shareholders  196 624 677  56,9 %  Other shareholders  149 130 145  43,1 %  Total number of shares  345 754 822  100,0 %   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of 31 December 2022, shares directly held by members of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive officer, and Executive Management consisted of the following:

| No of shares  Percentage share  Peder Stette, Member of the board - Stette Invest AS  11 569 338  3,3 %  Glen Allan Bradley, Member of the Board *  5 364 032  1,6 %  Ingjarl Skarvøy, COO - Terra Mare AS and private  1 800 150  0,5 %  Janne-Grethe Stand Aasnæs, Member of the board - Nikaro AS  480 000  0,1 %  Håkon Andre Berg, Member of the board - Carried Away AS  450 000  0,1 %  Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen, CEO &amp; CFO - Troha Invest AS  400 000  0,1 %  Kamilla Mordal Holo, Project Director - C10 Holding AS &amp; private  160 060  0,0 %  Anne Breiby, Member of the board  104 000  0,0 %  Total  20 327 580  5,9 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*1,500,000 shares owned through Ocean Industries AS and 70,000 shares owned privately. Also, including 3,727,366 shares owned through Salmoserve AS where Glen Allan Bradley has an ownership of 25%.

<!-- image -->

31 Dec 2021

31 Dec 2021

310 796 489

312 421 489

345 754 822

| Capital History  (NOK thousands)  Opening balance 1 July 2020  5 375 159  0,05  107 503 182  Share options exercised  10 July 2020  30 000  5 405 159  0,05  3,33  600 000 108 103 182  Private placement  23 July 2020  581 395  5 986 554  0,05  4,30  11 627 906 119 731 088  Private placement  11 September 2020  5 000 000  10 986 554  0,05  5,00  100 000 000 219 731 088  Private placement  23 March 2021  4 166 667  15 153 221  0,05  6,00  83 333 333 303 064 421  Acquisition Kraft Laks  16 August 2021  109 535  15 262 756  0,05  7,58  2 190 694 305 255 115  Private placement  12 October 2021  277 068  15 539 824  0,05  7,71  5 541 374  Share options exercised  26 March 2022  81 250  15 621 074  0,05  4,80  1 625 000  Private placement  5 April 2022  1 666 667  17 287 741  0,05  9,00  33 333 333  Date  Capital  Increase  Share Capital  After Change  Par Value  Subscription  price  per share New shares  Total no. of  outstanding  shares   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company entered into an investment agreement with Dongwon Industries and completed a NOK 50 million private placement towards Dongwon Industries in July 2020.

The  Company raised NOK 500 million in a private placement in connection with its initial  public offering  related  to  the  admission  on  Merkur  Market  (now  Euronext  Growth)  in  September  2020. Further, the Company also raised another NOK 500 million in a private placement in March 2021.

In August 2021 the Company acquired 100% of the shares in Kraft Laks AS (now Salmon Evolution Dale AS). As part of the settlement the Company issued 2,190,694 new shares of NOK 7.5775 per share, and thereby increased its equity by NOK 16.6 million.  In October 2021 the Company carried out a private placement of USD 5m (NOK ~43m) towards Cargill.

Further, in April 2022 the Company carried out a private placement raising gross proceeds of NOK 300 million at a subscription price of NOK 9.00 per share, bringing total raised equity to more than NOK 1.7 billion.

## Note 14 Trade and other current liabilities

| (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2022  Trade payables  5 415  569  Total trade payables  5 415  569  (NOK thousands)  31 Dec 2022  Payroll withholding tax, VAT and other taxes  1 655  109  Employer's national insurance contributions  980  605  Accrued salaries, holiday pay and bonus provisions  3 349  2 373  Total other current liabilities  5 984  3 087   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 15 Events after the reporting date

## Signed agreement for new NOK 1,550 million green debt financing package

Salmon Evolution Norway AS has entered into a binding loan agreement with DNB and Nordea for a new green debt financing package totalling NOK 1,550 million relating to phase 1 and 2 at Indre Harøy. Salmon Evolution ASA is guarantor for the loan.

The new debt financing package consists of the following facilities:

- NOK 525 million nonamortizing Term Loan Facility which will refinance the Company's existing NOK 525 million construction loan relating to phase 1 (the 'Term Loan')
- NOK 250 million RCF Capex Facility available for general corporate purposes including Indre Harøy phase 2 capex (the 'RCF Facility')
- NOK 775 million Construction Facility available for financing of capex relating to phase 2 at Indre Harøy (the 'Construction Facility') .

<!-- image -->

## Directors responsibility statement

Today, the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer reviewed and approved the Board of Director's report and the consolidated financial statements for Salmon Evolution AS A, for the year ended 31 December 2022.

The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs and IFRICs as adopted by the EU and applicable additional disclosure requirements in the Norwegian Accounting Act.

## To the best of our knowledge:

- -The annual financial  statements for 2022 have been prepared in accordance with applicable financial reporting standards
- -The annual financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit as a whole as of 31 December 2022 for the Company.
- The Board of Directors' report for the Company includes a fair review of:
- i) the  development  and  performance  of  the  business  and  the  position  of  the  Company,  and ii) the principal risks and uncertainties the Company face.

## Elnesvågen/Ålesund 17 April 2023

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Tore Tønseth Chair

Janne-Grethe Strand Aasnæs Director

Anne Breiby Director

Peder Stette Director

Glen Allan Bradley Director

Eunhong Min Director

Ingvild Vartdal Director

Håkon André Berg Director

Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen CEO

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Independent Auditor's Report

To the Annual Shareholders meeting of Salmon Evolution ASA

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements

## Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Salmon Evolution ASA.

| ## The financial statements comprise:  - The financial statements of the parent company, which comprise the balance sheet as at 31 December 2022, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, and  - The financial statements of the group, which comprise the balance sheet as at 31 December 2022, and income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.  ## In our opinion:  - The financial statements comply with applicable statutory requirements.  - The accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the company as at 31 December 2022, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU.  - The accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the group as at 31 December 2022, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our opinion is consistent with our additional report to the Audit Committee.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company and the Group as required by relevant laws and regulations in Norway and International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants' International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (IESBA Code), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

During 2022 we provided services in connection with the preparation of the financial statements for 2021 for Salmon Evolution Dale AS and Salmon Evolution International AS, subsidiaries of Salmon Evolution ASA, for a total fee of NOK 23 100. These services fall within the definition of prohibited non-assurance services in the Audit Regulation (537/2014) Article 5.1. Having discussed the matter

<!-- image -->

with the Audit Committee, we believe that these service deliveries have not compromised our objectivity and independence. To the best of our knowledge and belief, no other prohibited nonassurance services referred to in the Audit Regulation (537/2014) Article 5.1 have been provided. In our opinion we are independent of Salmon Evolution ASA.

We have been the auditor of Salmon Evolution ASA for 3 years from the election by the general meeting of the shareholders on 3 July 2020 for the accounting year 2020 (with at renewed election on the 14 June 2022).

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

| Description of the key audit matter  How the key audit matter was addressed in  the audit  Capitalised expenditure on asset under  construction  Asset under construction makes up 74% of the  total assets of the group (1 713 MNOK). If we  exclude cash and cash equivalents, assets  under constructions makes up 85% of total  assets. A total cost of 742 MNOK has been  capitalized in 2022 (751 MNOK in 2021). Phase  1 of the construction was finalized and ready  for intended use medio April 2023.  A part of the additions is related to indirect  cost. Accumulated indirect cost to asset under  construction amounts to 89,3 MNOK, of which  30,6 MNOK is related to interest. The additions  in 2022 equals 34% of the total indirect cost in  the subsidiary Salmon Evolution Norway versus  67% in 2021. The percentage allocated to asset  under construction is based on time estimates  for relevant employees.  The accounting treatment of expenditure in  relation to asset under construction has been  identified as a key matter in connection with  the audit of the consolidated financial  statement due to its financial significance and  the various judgments involved.  We have agreed the opening balance with prior  year and tested the basis for additions on a  sample basis. The selected direct cost samples  were verified against supporting  documentation from suppliers to confirm that  the transactions had incurred, that the costs  qualified for capitalisation and that the  transactions were recorded in the proper  period. In addition, we have confirmed and  reconciled accounts payable for the main  supplier Artec Aqua AS.  In relation to indirect cost allocated to asset  under construction we have assessed the  policies applied for allocation and reviewed the  applied allocation percentages based on the  defined tasks for the relevant employees.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Other information

The Board of Directors and the Managing Director (management) is responsible for the other information. The other in formation comprises the Board of Directors' report and other information in the Annual Report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Opinion on the Board of Director's report

Based on our knowledge obtained in the audit, in our opinion the Board of Directors' report

- is consistent with the financial statements and
- contains the information required by applicable statutory requirements.

Our opinion on the Board of Director's report applies correspondingly for the statements on Corporate Governance, Corporate Social Responsibility and for the report on payments to governments.

## Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Com pany's and the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatemen t, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

For further description of Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements reference is made to:

https://revisorforeningen.no/revisjonsberetninger

<!-- image -->

## Report on compliance with Regulation on European Single Electronic Format (ESEF)

## Opinion

As part of the audit of the financial statements of Salmon Evolution ASA we have performed an assurance engagement to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements included in the annual report, with the file name ' 549300P2OB7L255PF765-2022-12-31-en.zip ' , have been prepared, in all material respects, in compliance with the requirements of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 on the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF Regulation) and regulation pursuant to Section 5-5 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, which includes requirements related to the preparation of the annual report in XHTML format and iXBRL tagging of the consolidated financial statements.

In our opinion, the financial statements, included in the annual report, have been prepared, in all material respects, in compliance with the ESEF Regulation.

## Management's Responsibilities

Management is responsible for the preparation of the annual report in compliance with the ESEF Regulation. This responsibility comprises an adequate process and such internal control as management determines is necessary.

## Auditor's Responsibilities

For a description of the auditor's responsibilities when performing an assurance engagement of the ESEF reporting, see: https://revisorforeningen.no/revisjonsberetninger

<!-- image -->

Molde, 17 April 2023 BDO AS

Roald Viken State Authorised Public Accountant

## Sustainability Indicators and GRI Index

Being transparent in our reporting and operation have been important factors for us from the start. Therefore, we have chosen to report on our environmental, social, and governance factors in 2022. Due to the fact that we are still growing and there is still a lot of uncertainty on actual impact, we have chosen to report with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards (2021) in the 2022 reporting. We have ambitions for reporting in accordance with from next year and have plans in place to extend and enhance our reporting process going forward.

| GRI DISCLOSURE  LOCATION  GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021  2-1 Organizational details  p. 3-5, 8-14  2-  2 Entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting  Salmon Evolution ASA with subsidiaries,  p. 107  2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point  01.01.2022-31.12.2022  Annual reports from 2022  Contact point: CFO  2-4 Restatements of information  p. 15  2-5 External assurance  N/A  -  no  external  assurance  of  ESG  reporting for the 2022 report  2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships  p. 3-4, 24, 25  2-7 Employees  p. 26-29  2-8 Workers who are not employees  N/A  -  only employees or  subcontractors  2-9 Governance structure and composition  p. 32  2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body  p. 40-41  2-11 Chair of the highest governance body  p. 41  2-12  Role  of  the  highest  governance  body  in  overseeing  the  management of impacts  p. 41  2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts  p. 30  2-15 Conflicts of interest  p. 29, 39  2-16 Communication of critical concerns  p. 39  2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body  p. 33-36  2-19 Remuneration policies  p. 41-42  2-20 Process to determine remuneration  p. 41-42  2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy  p. 19-20   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| 2-23 Policy commitments  p. 30-31  2-24 Embedding policy commitments  p. 30-31  2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations  p. 31  2-28 Membership associations  p. 41  2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement  p. 30  2-30 Collective bargaining agreements  p. 26-27  GRI 3: Material Topics  3-1 Process to determine material topics  p. 16  3-2 List of material topics  p. 16  3-3 Management of material topics  p. 16  GRI 201: Economic Performance  201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed  See financial statements and notes p.  59-101  201-2  Financial  implications  and  other  risks  and  opportunities  due  to  climate change  p. 21, 54  201-3  Defined  benefit  plan  obligations  and  other  retirement  plans  See financial statements and notes p.  59-101  201-4 Financial assistance received from government  See financial statements and notes p.  59-101  GRI 205: Anti-corruption  205-2  Communication  and  training  about  anti-corruption  policies  and  procedures  p. 38  205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken  Zero (0) incidents  GRI 301: Materials  301-1 Materials used by weight or volume  p. 25  301-2 Recycled input materials used  p. 20  GRI 302: Energy  302-1 Energy consumption within the organization  pp. 20, 23  302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization  pp. 20, 23  GRI 303: Water and Effluents  303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource  pp. 19-24  303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts  pp. 19-24   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| 303-3 Water withdrawal  pp. 19-24  303-4 Water discharge  pp. 19-24  303-5 Water consumption  pp. 19-24  GRI 304: Biodiversity  304-2  Significant  impacts  of  activities,  products  and  services  on  biodiversity  p. 22  GRI 305: Emissions  305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions  p. 25  305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions  p. 20  -  100% renewable energy  305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions  p. 25  GRI 306: Waste  306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts  pp. 21-22  GRI 401: Employment  401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover  p. 29  401-3 Parental leave  p. 26  GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety  403-1 Occupational health and safety management system  pp. 26-27  403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation  pp. 26-27  403-3 Occupational health services  pp. 26-27  403-4  Worker  participation,  consultation,  and  communication  on  occupational health and safety  pp. 26-27  403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety  Health and safety training for all  employees  403-6 Promotion of worker health  pp. 26-27  403-9 Work-related injuries  pp. 26-27  403-10 Work-related ill health  Zero (0) incidents  GRI 404: Training and Education  404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee  p. 27  404-2  Programs  for  upgrading  employee  skills  and  transition  assistance  programs  p. 27  404-3  Percentage  of  employees  receiving  regular  performance  and  career development reviews  p. 27   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity  405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees  pp. 13-14, 28, 33-36 (BoD)  405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men  p. 28  GRI 406: Non-discrimination  406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken  Zero (0) incidents reported  GRI 413: Local Communities  413-1  Operations  with  local  community  engagement,  impact  assessments, and development programs  pp. 30   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Important of abbreviations used in this report

LW: Live weight HOG: Head on gutted HFS: Hybrid flow-through system ESG: Environmental, Social and Governance CAGR: Compounded Annual Growth Rate

## ABOUT SALMON EVOLUTION

Salmon Evolution is a Norwegian land-based salmon farming company targeting a production capacity of 100,000 tonnes HOG by 2032. The Company's core focus is on extending the ocean's potential by transferring the best preconditions offered by the sea to farm fish on land through its chosen hybrid flow-through system technology (HFS). This secures a truly sustainable production process with controlled and optimal growth conditions and limiting operational and biological risk.

The Company's first production facility is strategically located at Indre Harøy on the Norwegian west coast with unlimited access to fresh seawater, renewable energy, established infrastructure, and an educated and experienced work force. Phase 1 is already in operation and will have an annual capacity of 7,900 tonnes HOG at steady state. Fully developed, the Indre Harøy facility will have an annual capacity of 31,500 tonnes HOG.

The Company has also entered into a joint venture with Dongwon Industries where the parties will develop, construct and operate a land-based salmon farming facility in South Korea with an annual production capacity of 16,800 tonnes HOG, using Salmon Evolution's chosen HFS technology.

Furthermore, Salmon Evolution has initiated a process with the aim of establishing a landbased salmon farming operation in North America.

Salmon Evolution ASA is listed at Oslo Børs under the ticker SALME.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## OFFICE ADDRESS

Torget 5, 6440 Elnesvågen, Norway

## PRODUCTION SITE

Indre Harøyvegen 88, 6430 Bud, Norway

## BUSINESS REGISTRATION NUMBER

NO 925 344 877 MVA

E-mail: post@salmone.no

Web: salmonevolution.no