<!-- image -->

April 14, 2023

MS. ALEXANDRA D. TOM WONG OIC, Disclosure Department Philippine Stock Exchange, Inc. 6/F PSE Tower 5th Avenue corner 28th Street Bonifacio Global City, Taguig City

ATTY. MARIE ROSE M. MAGALLEN-LIRIO Head, Issuer Compliance and Disclosure Department Philippine Dealing &amp; Exchange Corp.

29F BDO Equitable Tower 8751 Paseo de Roxas, Makati City

## DIRECTOR VICENTE GRACIANO P. FELIZMENIO, JR

Director, Markets and Securities Regulation Department Securities and Exchange Commission 7907 Makati Avenue, Salcedo Village,

12/F, SEC Headquarters Brgy. Bel-Air, Makati City 1209

## Gentlemen / Mesdames:

Pursuant  to  the  Structured  Continuing  Requirements  for  Listed  Companies  of  the Exchange,  we  hereby  submit  a  copy  of  our  SEC  Form  17-A  with  Sustainability Report as of December 31, 2022.

Very truly yours,

<!-- image -->

## COVER SHEET

## 6 0 3 0

SEC Registration Number

S  E  C  U  R

I

T  Y

B  A  N  K

C  O  R  P  O  R  A  T

I  O  N

(Company's Full Name)

S  e  c  u

r

i

t

y

B  a  n  k

C  e  n

t

r

e

,

6  7

7  6

A  y  a

l

a

A  v  e  n  u  e

,

M  a  k  a

t

i

C  i

t

y

(Business Address: No. Street City/Town/Province)

## Charles Malvin T. Ching

8888-7667

(Contact Person)

(Company Telephone Number)

1

2

3

1

1

7

-

A

0

4

2

5

Month Day (Fiscal Year)

(Form Type)

Month Day (Annual Meeting)

(Secondary License Type, If Applicable)

Corporate Finance Dept.

Dept. Requiring this Doc.

Amended Articles Number/Section

Total Amount of Borrowings

2,151

Total No. of Stockholders

Domestic

Foreign

To be accomplished by SEC Personnel concerned

File Number

LCU

Document ID

Cashier

S T A M P S

Remarks: Please use BLACK ink for scanning purposes.

<!-- image -->

## SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

## SEC FORM 17-A

## ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 17 OF THE SECURITIES REGULATION CODE AND SECTION 141 OF THE CORPORATION CODE OF THE PHILIPPINES

1. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022

2. SEC Identification Number 6030

3.  BIR Tax Identification No. 000-498-020-000

4. Exact name of issuer as specified in its charter - SECURITY BANK CORPORATION

5. Philippines

6.

(SEC Use Only)

Province, Country or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization

Industry Classification Code:

7. Security Bank Centre, 6776 Ayala Avenue, Makati City  0719

Address of principal office

Postal Code

8. (632) 8867-6788

Issuer's telephone number, including area code

9. Not applicable

Former name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report.

10.  Securities registered pursuant to Sections 8 and 12 of the SRC, or Sec. 4 and 8 of the RSA

Title of Each Class

Number of Shares of Common Stock Outstanding and Amount of Debt Outstanding

Common Shares (P =10 par) Preferred shares (Unregistered)

753,538,887 1,000,000,000

11.  Are any or all of these securities listed on a Stock Exchange.

Yes [ ✓

]       No [     ]

If yes, state the name of such stock exchange and the classes of securities listed therein:

Philippine Stock Exchange

Common Shares

12.  Check whether the issuer:

- (a) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 17 of the SRC and SRC Rule 17.1 thereunder or Section 11 of the RSA and RSA Rule 11(a)-1 thereunder, and Sections 26 and 141 of The Corporation Code of the Philippines during the preceding twelve (12) months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports);

Yes [ ✓ ]

No [     ]

- (b) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past ninety (90) days.

Yes  [ ✓

]

No  [     ]

13.  The  aggregate  market  value  of  the  voting  stock  held  by  non-affiliates  of  the  registrant  is  P =33.54  billion. The price used for this computation is the closing price as of  March 31, 2023 which is P =92.0 for common shares and P0.10 par value for voting preferred shares.

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

## Part I - BUSINESS AND GENERAL INFORMATION

| Item 1  Business  1  Item 2  Properties  14  Item 3  Legal Proceedings  15  Item 4  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders  15  Part II - OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION  Item 5  Market for Issuer's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters  15  Item 6  Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation  17  Item 7  Financial Statements  27  Item 8  Information on Independent Accountant and Other Related Matters  27  Part III - CONTROL AND COMPENSATION INFORMATION  Item 9  Directors and Executive Officers of the Issuer  28  Item 10  Executive Compensation  47  Item 11  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management  47  Item 12  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  51  Part IV - CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  Item 13  Corporate Governance  51  Part V - EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES  Item 14  Exhibits and Reports on SEC Form 17-C  60  SIGNATURES  62  INDEX TO EXHIBITS  63  INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY SCHEDULES  76   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PART I - BUSINESS AND GENERAL INFORMATION

## Item 1.  Business

## A.  Description of Business

## 1) Business Development

Security  Bank  Corporation  (PSE:  SECB) is  a  publicly  listed  Philippine  universal  bank  which  serves wholesale and retail clients.  Established in 1951, Security Bank has, remained steadfast in its focus and commitment to serve its clients and stakeholders with distinction.  Its headquarters are located at the Security Bank Centre, 6776 Ayala Avenue, Makati City, Metro Manila, Philippines.

As of December 31, 2022, based on the Published Balance Sheet report, Security Bank ranked as the 8th largest in total assets and 7th largest in capital funds (P =879 billion and P =124 billion, respectively), among private domestic universal banks (PDUBs) in the Philippines. Security Bank ranked 6th largest in market capitalization among listed PDUBs in the Philippines as of end-2022. The Bank's strategy, execution and results are guided by its strong focus on shareholder value .

Security Bank's  major  businesses include wholesale  banking,  retail banking,  and financial  markets.    It  is among the leading local players in consumer finance, cash management, government fixed income securities distribution,  capital  markets  services, foreign exchange and derivatives products distribution,  and equities brokerage.  The Security Bank group has a total of 316 branches all over the country as of year-end 2022.

Security Bank ended the year 2022 with a net income of P =10.6 billion and a return on equity of 8.42%.  Total loans  and  receivables  increased  by  12.05%  to  P =502.6  billion  and  deposits  increased  by  15.71%  to P =605.8 billion as of year-end 2022. Net interest income increased by 6.52%.  The net interest margin in 2022 was 4.23%. Other Income increased to P =10.4 billion mainly due to increase in foreign exchange gain and service charges, fees and commissions tempered by decrease in trading and securities gains.  The cost-toincome ratio was 57.80%.  The Bank ended the year with total assets of P =842.3 billion for a 20.39% year-onyear growth rate.  Return on assets was 1.37%.

Security Bank was awarded in 2022 Best for Mass Affluence/HNW in the Philippines by Asiamoney ; Best Credit Card Product in the Philippines (for Security Bank's Complete Cashback Platinum Mastercard) by The Asian Banker during the 2022 Asian Banker Excellence Awards ; Best Retail Bank in the Philippines by Alpha Southeast Asia ; Market Leader in Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) by Euromoney ; Market  Leader  in  Diversity  &amp;  Inclusion by Euromoney ; Best  Bank  for  Diversity  and  Inclusion by Asiamoney ;  and Best Investor Relations Company (Philippines) , Asia's Best CSR , Asia's Best CEO (Investor Relations) , Asia's Best CFO (Investor Relations) and Best Investor Relations Professional (Philippines) by Corporate Governance Asia for two consecutive years.

In 2021, Security Bank earned a net income of P =6.9 billion which translated to a return on equity of 5.57%. Security Bank was a recipient of Philippines' Best Bank by Euromoney ; Best for HNWs (High Net Worth Clients) in the Philippines by Asiamoney ; Best Retail Bank in the Philippines by Alpha Southeast Asia ; and Best Culture of Learning and Diversity Champion by LinkedIn Talent Awards .

## 2) Business of Issuer

- (a)  Description of Registrant

## (i) Principal Products or Services and their Markets

The Group's operating businesses are recognized and managed separately according to the nature of services provided  and  the  different  markets  served  with  each  segment  representing  a  strategic  business  unit.  The Bank's principal business activities are organized as follows:  Wholesale Banking Segment, Retail Banking Segment, Financial Markets Segment, and All Other Segments.

Wholesale Banking Segment - this segment addresses the corporate, institutional, and public sector markets and commercial clients.  Services include relationship management, lending and other credit facilities, trade, cash management, deposit-taking and leasing services provided by the Group.  It also provides structured financing and advisory services relating to debt and equity capital raising, project financing, and mergers and acquisitions advisory.  The Group's equity brokerage operations are also part of this segment.

The Wholesale Banking segment constitutes 34.1% of total revenues in 2022.

Retail Banking Segment -  this  segment serves individual, retail and small businesses.  It covers deposittaking and servicing, consumer loans, credit card facilities and bancassurance.

The Retail Banking Segment makes up 51.6% of the Group's total revenue in 2022.

Financial Markets Segment - this segment focuses on providing money market, foreign exchange, financial derivatives, securities distribution, asset management, trust and fiduciary services, as well as the management of the funding operations for the Group.

The Financial Markets segment represents 6.4% of the Group's 2022 total revenue.

All Other Segments -  this segment includes but not limited to branch banking and other support services. Other operations of the Group comprise the operations and financial control groups.

All Other Segments make up 8.5% of the Group's total revenue in 2022.

## Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures

<!-- image -->

SB Finance, Inc. (SBFI) , formerly a private development bank incorporated in 1960 as Premiere Development Bank, renamed Security Bank Savings ('SBS') after the Bank's acquisition of its shares in February 2012 and subsequently converted into a financing company after securing regulatory approvals from Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas  (BSP)  and  SEC  in  2017.    On  September  21,  2022,  SEC  approved  the  Amended  Articles  of Incorporation and By-Laws of the company amending the corporate name from SB Finance Company, Inc to SB Finance, Inc.

On August 8, 2019, the Board of Directors (BOD) of the Bank approved the terms and conditions of the joint venture agreement and other transaction documents necessary to establish a consumer finance joint venture with Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Ltd. (BAY), commonly known as Krungsri, including the sale of 50% of the outstanding shares of SBFI to BAY.

On October 20, 2020, after obtaining regulatory approvals in the Philippines and in Thailand, the Joint Venture Agreement (JVA) between the Bank and Krungsri was executed, with the Bank completing the sale of 50% outstanding shares of SBFI shares to Krungsri.  Accordingly, SBFI ceased to be a subsidiary of the Bank.  The financial statements of SBFI were deconsolidated from the consolidated financial statements of the Group. Under the JVA, the parties agreed to use SBFI as a joint venture entity and requires the unanimous consent of both the Bank and Krungsri for any significant decisions made in the ordinary course of business of SBFI.

SB Capital Investment Corporation (SB Capital) is Security Bank's wholly-owned investment banking arm. It provides a wide range of investment banking and financial services aimed at satisfying the diverse financial needs of institutions and individuals.  Since the onset of its commercial operations in 1996, SB Capital has participated in a myriad of significant capital raising and advisory services involving conglomerates, top-tier and middle-market clients as well as the public sector.

2022 was a stellar year for SB Capital in terms of operational performance as the company undertook and participated in a number of notable and trailblazing capital market issuances during the year despite the May 2022 national elections, the geo-political uncertainties concerning the Russia-Ukraine war as well as the challenges posed by record high inflation and increasing interest rates.

During  the  year,  SB  Capital  participated  in  joint  lead  capacities  in  numerous  landmark  and  large-ticket corporate bond offerings of some of the country's leading and top-tier corporations to include: SM Investments Corporation (P =15.0 billion in February 2022); San Miguel Corporation (P =30.0 billion in March 2022); Aboitiz Power Corporation (P =10.0 billion in March 2022); SM Prime Holdings, Inc. (P =30.0 billion in April 2022);  Ayala Land, Inc. (P =12.0 billion and P =33.0 billion in May 2022 and July 2022, respectively); Ayala Corporation (P =15.0 billion in May 2022); SMC Global Power Holdings Corp. and Robinsons Land Corporation (P =40.0 billion and P =15.0 billion, respectively,  in August 2022).

SB Capital also participated in several maiden bond issues during 2022 such as: Megawide Construction Corporation (P =4.0 billion in August 2022); ACEN Corporation (P =10.0 billion in September 2022); and Cebu Landmasters, Inc. (P =5.0 billion in October 2022).

SB Capital was also a joint lead underwriter and joint bookrunner for San Miguel Corporation's P =60.0 billion retail corporate bond offer in December 2022, the largest local corporate retail bond issuance to date.  SB Capital also acted as issue manager, lead underwriter and bookrunner for the Alsons Consolidated Resources Inc.'s P =620.0 million short-term commercial paper in December 2022.

Proceeds from the foregoing debt capital market issuances were utilized to fund expansions, refinance debt obligations, and for general corporate purposes.

SB Capital likewise acted as one of the joint issue managers for the Bureau of the Treasury's P =457.8 billion and P =420.4 billion retail treasury bonds issuances in March and September 2022, respectively.

In addition, SB Capital arranged or co-arranged a series of privately placed corporate notes and syndicated loan facilities during the year for companies such as Nuevo Solar Energy Corp.'s P =2.4 billion project finance loan facility (as mandate lead arranger and bookrunner); Vista Land &amp; Lifescapes, Inc.'s P =6.0 billion corporate notes facility (as mandate lead arranger and bookrunner); PrimeWater's notes tap facilities aggregating to P =1.285  billion  (as  issue  manager  and  mandate  lead  arranger  and  bookrunner);  MIDC's  P =27.0  billion

syndicated term loan facility (as co-arranger); and Ovialand, Inc.'s P =600.0 million corporate notes (as mandate lead arranger and bookrunner).

Furthermore, SB Capital participated in landmark equity issuances during the year consisting of initial public offerings (IPO) of the following companies:

- (i) as Sole Issue Manager, Underwriter and Bookrunner for the P =1.375 billion IPO of CTS Global  Equity Group, Inc. in April 2022; and
- (ii)  as Joint Lead Underwriter and bookrunner for the P =4.8125 billion real estate investment trust (REIT) IPO of VistaREIT, Inc. in June 2022.

SB Capital also rendered advisory services involving joint venture   partnerships, sale of assets/business as well as financial advisory services relating to a client's IPO preparations.

In 2022, SB Capital garnered awards and recognitions for its completed deals from prestigious and reputable award giving bodies for the following transactions:

- (i) Best Local Currency Bond Deal of the Year Alpha Southeast Asia , 2022 from Alpha Southeast Asia for SMC Global Power Holdings Corporation's P =40.0 billion fixed rate bonds where SB Capital was a joint lead underwriter and bookrunner;
- (ii) Best Green Bonds of the Year in the Philippines Alpha Southeast Asia , 2022 from Alpha Southeast Asia  for  ACEN  Corporation  P =10.0  billion  ASEAN  Green  Bond  where  SB  Capital  was  a  joint  lead underwriter and bookrunner;
- (iii) Innovative Deal of the Year in Philippines Corporate Investment and Banking Awards 2022 from Asian Banking and Finance for Ayala Land, Inc.'s P =10.0 billion fixed rate bonds where SB Capital was a joint lead underwriter and bookrunner;
- (iv) Best Transition Bonds - Triple A Country Awards, 2022 from The Asset for SMC Global Power Holdings Corporation's  P =40.0  billion  fixed  rate  bonds  where  SB  Capital  was  a  joint  lead  underwriter  and bookrunner;
- (v) Best  New  Bonds  -  Triple  A  Country  Awards,  2022  from The  Asset for  Cebu  Landmasters  Inc.'s P =5.0 billion fixed rate bonds where SB Capital was a co-lead underwriter;
- (vi) Best Local Currency Green Bonds - Triple A Sustainable Capital Markets Awards, 2022 from The Asset for ACEN Corporation  P =10.0 billion ASEAN Green Bond where SB Capital was a joint lead underwriter and bookrunner; and
- (vii)  Top 4 Corporate Issue Managers/Arrangers award (Investment House Category) for 2021 during the 2022 PDS Annual Awards.

SB Rental Corporation (SBRC) is a wholly owned subsidiary of SB Capital.  The company is the operating lease arm of Security Bank group of companies in which its primary purpose is to engage in the business of renting, leasing (excluding financial leases)  of various machineries and equipment, automotive equipment, automotive vehicles such as cars, vans, pick-ups, trucks, tractors, trailers, buses and a variety of land, air or water transportation equipment.

SB Equities, Inc., a subsidiary of SB Capital, was incorporated on August 1, 1987 ranks 18th overall among domestic brokerages in the country in terms of volume turnover according to the Philippine Stock Exchange (PSE).

SB Cards Corporation (SB Cards) was incorporated on October 9, 1980 as Security Diners International Corporation  and  formerly  also  known  as  Security  International  Card  Corporation.    SB  Cards  acquired  the exclusive franchise ownership of Diners Club international credit card in the Philippines.  In September 2016, SB Cards sold the Diners Card portfolio to Banco De Oro.

SBM Leasing, Inc. (SBMLI, formerly Security Finance, Inc. incorporated on August 1, 1994) is a joint venture leasing and finance company of Security Bank Corporation (60%) and Marubeni Corporation of Japan (40%). SBMLI specializes in heavy equipment (i.e. construction and mining), finance and services the clientele of Maxima Machineries  Inc.  (a  Marubeni  subsidiary  and  exclusive  distributor  of  Komatsu  Trucks  and  Heavy Equipment in the Philippines) and of Security Bank.

SB Forex, Incorporated (SB Forex) was incorporated on September 27, 1994 to handle the foreign exchange brokerage business of the Bank but has been inactive due to changes in the regulatory environment.  The Bank has absorbed the foreign exchange business previously coursed through SBFI.  The operations for this subsidiary were suspended in 2008.  The corporate term of SBFI ended on February 28, 2022.

Security  Finance  and  Leasing  Inc.  (formerly  Landlink  Property  Investments  (SPV-AMC),  Inc.), was incorporated in the Philippines primarily to engage third parties to manage, operate, collect and dispose of nonperforming assets acquired from a financial institution.  The Company was incorporated on September 17, 2004 and has not started commercial operations.

## (ii) Percentage of Sales or Revenues and Net Income Contributed by Foreign Sales

This is not relevant to the operations of the Group.

## (iii)  Distribution Network

The Bank's principal office is located along Ayala Avenue, Makati City.  As of December 31, 2022, Security Bank had a network of 316 branches, 183 branches of which are strategically located in Metro Manila and 133 situated outside Metro Manila.

The Bank also has 663 ATMs which are part of the Bancnet consortium as of December 31, 2022.  Of this, 348 are on-site while 315 are off-site.

## (iv)  Status of Publicly-Announced New Product or Service

All publicly-announced new products or services of the Bank are in commercial distribution.

## (v) Competition

The Philippine banking industry is characterized by a highly competitive price and service offerings and high level of regulation.  All banks have similar products and compete via differentiation in servicing and targeting specific  niches.    In  2022,  the  industry  experienced  intensified  competition  alongside  increased  customer service standards.

There are  total  of  22  universal  banks  in  the  Philippine  banking  system,  of  which  13  are  domestic  private universal banks, 3 are government banks and 6 are branches/subsidiaries of foreign banks, as of March 2023. In addition, there are 23 commercial banks in the country.  Six domestic universal banks have branches and/or remittance offices abroad while Security Bank and the rest of the players in the industry compete mainly in the domestic market, serving their respective mix of corporate, middle market, small/micro size enterprise and retail clients.

There are three big banks which dominate the industry with resources of at least P =2.46 trillion and capital funds of at least P =297 billion.  The other eight banks are clustered in the category where asset size is between P124 billion to P =1.22 trillion, and capital funds are between P16 billion to P =159 billion.

Security Bank has distinguished itself against competition in its 71 years of banking service with its record of financial strength and stability over this period and its service quality to its loyal clientele base.  Solid earnings performance coupled with emphasis on asset quality places Security Bank among the top performing banks. In January 2016, Security Bank forged a strategic partnership with The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd., now known as MUFG Bank, Ltd. (MUFG).  MUFG invested P =36.9 billion for a 20% stake in Security bank.  This gave Security Bank the unique advantage of being a local independent bank with the global network of MUFG.

## (vi)  Sources and Availability of Raw Materials and Names of Principal Suppliers

This is not relevant to the operations of the Bank.

## (vii)  Customer Concentration

The Bank has a diversified customer base with its loan portfolio and deposit mix skewed towards Corporate and Commercial clients in terms of size and Retail clients in terms of count.  The Bank is not dependent upon a single customer, the loss of any or more of which would have a material adverse effect on the Bank and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.

## (viii) Transactions with and/or Dependence on Related Parties

In the ordinary course of business, the Bank has loan transactions with some subsidiaries and with certain directors,  officers,  stockholders  and  related  interests.    Under  the  Bank's  policies,  these  loans  are  made substantially on the same terms as loans to other individuals and businesses of comparable risks.

## (ix)  Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights, Licenses, Franchises, Concessions and Royalty Agreements Held

For the MasterCard product, the Bank signed a perpetual license agreement with MasterCard International on October 6, 1997.

The Bank has the following active registered trademarks with respective expiration dates:

| TRADEMARK  REGISTRATION DATE  EXPIRATION DATE  A BETTER BANKING STORY  18-Dec-20  18-Dec-30  FIRST CHOICE  20-Nov-20  20-Nov-30  No Verbal Elements  18-Oct-20  18-Oct-30  No Verbal Elements  18-Oct-20  18-Oct-30  No Verbal Elements  18-Oct-20  18-Oct-30  No Verbal Elements  18-Oct-20  18-Oct-30  SECURE GOALS +  18-Jul-19  18-Jul-29  SECURE GOALS  03-Mar-19  03-Mar-29  SECURE GOALS PLUS  03-Feb-19  03-Feb-29  SECURE GOALS PLUS  03-Feb-19  03-Feb-29  SECURE GOALS PLUS  03-Feb-19  03-Feb-29  SECURE GOALS  03-Feb-19  03-Feb-29  BALE NG BAYAN  26-Apr-18  26-Apr-28  AUTO SINGIL  26-Apr-18  26-Apr-28  DIGIBANKER  15-Mar-18  15-Mar-28  YOU DESERVE BETTER.  29-Jul-17  29-Jul-27  SECURITY BANK  29-Jul-17  29-Jul-27  SECURITY BANK  29-Jul-17  29-Jul-27  SECURITY BANK  29-Jul-17  29-Jul-27  No Verbal Elements  29-Jul-17  29-Jul-27  SECURITY BANK  29-Jul-17  29-Jul-27  BETTERBANKING  29-Jul-17  29-Jul-27   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Bank has the following registered patents with respective registration dates:

| PATENT  REGISTRATION  DATE  Cash Remittance System Using Virtual or Electronic Gift Card (eGiftCard)  02-Jul-14  A System For Improving Availability Of Communication Services In A Network-Based  Automated Electronic Loan Processing  16-Mar-15   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (x) Need for Government Approval of Principal Products or Services

The Group's principal products and  services are  offered to customers only upon receipt  of the  necessary regulatory approvals or clearances.  The Group strictly complies with the related regulatory requirements such as reserves, liquidity position, loan exposure limits, cap on foreign exchange holdings, provision for losses, anti-money laundering provisions and other reportorial requirements.

## (xi)  Effect of Existing or Probable Governmental Regulations on the Business

The Group strictly complied with the BSP requirements in terms of capitalization reserves, liquidity position, limits  on  loan  exposure,  cap  on  foreign  exchange  holdings,  provision  for  losses,  anti-money  laundering provisions and o t her reportorial requirements as well as other regulatory agencies such as the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), PSE,  Philippine  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation  and  the  Bureau  of  Internal Revenues, among others as applicable.

## (xii)  Amount Spent on Research and Development Activities

| 2022  2021  2020  Cost (in '000)  P =1,098,153  P =896,901  P =389,446  Ratio to Revenues  2.77%  2.44%  0.77%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Bank's  research  and  development  activities  are  mainly  driven  by  investments  in  new  information technology (IT) software.  The efficient use of technology is expected to boost productivity, reduce transaction processing  costs,  improve  management  information  preparation  and  delivery,  and  result  to  alternative customer channels, efficient business communications, and more timely risk management.  It would also assist in  reducing  operations  at  the  branch  level,  thereby  allowing  branch  personnel  to  focus  more  on  customer service.

## (xiii) Costs and Effects of Compliance with Environmental Laws

The Bank is compliant with Environmental Laws pertaining to their industry standards. There are no material costs and effect implications of the compliance on the operations of the Bank.

## (xiv) Manpower Complement

In support of the Group's strategic growth initiatives, complement increased from 6,848 in 2021 to 7,338 in 2022.

.

| 2022*  2021*  2020*  Officers  4,766  4,429  4,265  Rank and File  2,572  2,419  2,448  7,338  6,848  6,713   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Excluding entities not consolidated.

As of December 31, 2022, 18.36% of the Bank's employees were rank and file employees who are subject to collective bargaining agreements (CBA).  The current CBA will expire on August 31, 2024.

The employees receive salaries, bonuses, and other usual bank benefits. Aside from these, they have no other compensation plan or arrangement with the Bank.  There are no warrants or options held by directors, officers and staff.

## (xv)  Risk Management

The  Bank's  risk  management  organization  and  culture  is  a  fundamental  component  of  its  corporate governance.

## Policy Statement

The BODs and Management of Security Bank Corporation and its subsidiaries commit to the principles and best practices that promote good corporate governance such as the 'Principles for Enhancing Corporate Governance' issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision as embodied in the regulations of the regulatory authorities of the Philippines such as the BSP and the SEC.

Security  Bank's  shareholders,  BOD  and  Senior  Management  believe  that  corporate  governance  is  a necessary component of what constitutes sound strategic business management and will therefore undertake every effort necessary to create awareness and ensure compliance with corporate governance policies and practices within the organization.

Under the Bank's Governance System, the BOD has ultimate responsibility for the Bank's business and risk strategy, organization, financial soundness and governance.

Accordingly, the Board should approve and monitor the overall business strategy of the Bank. The Board reviews and approves the strategic plans in relation to the operational plans of the Bank, taking into account the Bank's long-term financial interests, its exposure to risks and its ability to manage risks effectively.

## Risk Management Organization

The Group is faced with multiple risks inherent to the business it has chosen, largely in the form of market, liquidity, credit, operational and sustainability risks.  To protect the customers and stakeholders, as well as the opportunities for growth and value creation, the Group's risk management is structured to continuously and effectively address these risks by category where risk is managed primarily via structures of policies, processes and measurement tools established and provided by the RMG for the Bank.  The same structures are adapted by the subsidiaries and tailor-fitted to suit their specific activities.

In 2021, the Bank's Board approved an Environmental and Social Risk Management Framework which sets out policy and process in identifying, assessing, and managing environmental and social risks.  In line with BSP Circular 1085, the Bank has also adopted a transition plan to establish its Environmental and Social Risk Management Systems by 2023.

The Group's risk management, internal control process and infrastructure are designed to keep pace with developments  of  the  Group,  including  balance  sheet  and  revenue  growth,  increasing  complexity  of  the business, risk configuration or operating structure, geographical expansion, mergers and acquisitions, or the introduction  of  new  products  or  business  lines,  as  well  as  with  the  external  risk  landscape,  business environment and industry practice.  In this respect, the Group's risk data aggregation and risk reporting are conducted  with  accuracy,  integrity,  completeness,  timeliness  and  adaptability.    Actual  risk  management processes are outlined by risk category.

RMG's activities mainly assist the BOD, through the Risk Oversight Committee (ROC), in fulfilling its risk management responsibilities through the following fundamental tasks:

1. Development and review of risk appetite/limits and policies;
2. Assessment, measurement, monitoring and reporting of the Group's risk-taking and risk management activities, including risk limit utilization and performance;
3. Providing subject matter expertise in business, product and project developments, and other strategic decision-making activities;
4. Elevation of issues and findings to Senior Management and the ROC.

## Credit Risk

Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from the failure of a borrower or counterparty to perform or complete in a timely manner its obligations during the life of a transaction.  This includes the risk of non-payment by borrowers or issuers, failed settlement of transactions, and default on contracts.  Credit risk arises from both the  lending  and  investment  activities  of  the  Group.    As  one  of  the  primary  risks  inherent  to  the  banking business, the Group manages credit risk through a systemized approach which includes:

- Policy Development and Implementation - The Credit Risk Management Unit maintains and develops credit policies and procedures to guide Business and support units involved in the credit process to make appropriate actions and decisions pertaining to credit transactions.  Policy formulation also supports the Bank's  'Single  Credit  Engine'  concept  which  provides  for  a  uniform  understanding  and  consistent application of credit policies and procedures across the entire institution.
- Risk Assessment and Measurement - Credit risk officers identify and evaluate existing and potential exposures, assess the probability of each risk materializing and estimate possible effect and cost of risk factors.  The team uses different credit risk measurement and valuation methods such as Probability of Default (PD), Expected Credit Loss (ECL), Credit Classification, credit concentrations, residual risks on collateral, and credit stress testing.
- Risk Control and Mitigation - Credit facilities are granted primarily based on the borrower's credit quality and  repayment  capacity.    Where  possible,  Security  Bank  takes  credit  risk  mitigants  as  a  secondary recourse to the borrower to mitigate credit risk.  On the Wholesale Credit side, the Bank accepts collateral such as cash, real  estate,  marketable  securities,  trade  receivables,  and  standby  letters  of  credit.    In addition, the Bank limits vulnerabilities and manages risks to an acceptable level through the following: (i) lending limits that encompass industry, single name, group and large exposures; (ii) proactive impairment process involving the Lending Units as well as the Remedial Management Division (RMD); and (iii) timely ECL provisioning.  On the Retail Credit side, acceptable collateral includes cash, automobile, equipment, and real estate.  In addition, the Bank limits vulnerabilities and manages risks to an acceptable level through the following: (i) Minimum Risk Acceptance Criteria; (ii) regular Portfolio Quality Reviews with Business, Credit, Collections and Risk Units; and (iii) timely ECL provisioning.
- Risk Monitoring and Reporting - Continuous monitoring and periodic reporting of credit risk positions are integral parts of the Bank's credit risk management activities.  Regular reporting to the ROC and Senior Management covers credit risk exposures, concentration risks, credit mitigation and residual risks across the Group.
- Independent Risk Assessment (IRA) - The IRA is the pre-approval evaluation of individual credits by the Wholesale  Credit  Risk  &amp;  Portfolio  Monitoring  Department  (WCRPMD).    In  scope  credit  proposals  are subject to IRAs which evaluate the soundness of credits by documenting identified risk issues, assessing alignment of account plans with industry risk-reward portfolio actions, and providing recommendations on risk mitigations and credit structures to ensure portfolio quality.
- Business Risk Review (BRR) - The BRR is an independent audit exercise conducted by Risk to assess both portfolio quality as well as credit process quality.  The BRR's emphasis is on identifying weaknesses, trends,  and  other  risk  issues  to  allow  for  proactive  mitigation  as  needed  via  collateral,  covenants  and alternative  repayment  sources,  as  well  as  adjustments  to  policies,  procedures  or  awareness  activities where applicable.
- Remedial Management - The remediation function on Wholesale Banking Segment borrowing accounts encountering  payment  difficulties  is  likewise  within  the  responsibility  of  the  Risk  Management  Group through the RMD.  The RMD is tasked to devise and implement remedial strategies to correct the problem and/or maximize recovery/minimize loss within the shortest possible time of the accounts endorsed to it for handling.

## Market Risk

Market risk is the risk that movements in market factors will have an adverse impact on the Bank's portfolio values, income and/or capital.  Market factors include foreign exchange rates, interest rates, equity prices and their volatilities.  The risk applies to both the Group's trading and banking book positions, largely in two forms:

- 1) Price Risk, the risk that the Bank's capital and gains will decline due to the impact of changes in the level or volatility of market factors to positions taken or held in the trading books.
- 2) Interest  Rate  Risk  in  the  Banking  Book  (IRRBB),  the  risk  that  the  Bank's  capital  and  earnings  will deteriorate due to effects of interest rate movements on the Bank's balance sheet, mainly on the accrual books.

Given the sensitivity to and the pace of change of market factors, the Bank manages market risk through a variety of structures involving the following:

- 1) Use of Value at Risk (VaR) methodologies, Earnings at Risk (EaR) techniques, Economic Value of Equity (EVE) measures, loss triggers and stress testing;
- 2) Adoption of limits aside from those related to VaR, EaR, EVE and P&amp;L, such as exposure and position limits, and performance of stress testing to augment the primary measures;
- 3) Periodic reporting of limit status, re-pricing gaps (for IRRBB) and P&amp;L to the ROC, Senior Management and other concerned parties;
- 4) Development and review of risk models that are used for monitoring market risk, as well as validating the models developed internally or by third party vendors.

Risk appetite is defined in terms of limits assigned by the ROC to cover all market risk-taking activities of the Bank and its subsidiaries.  The Market Risk Management Team establishes these limits annually based on the targets set in the planning process.  The Bank likewise manages concentration and market liquidity risks by setting exposure/position limits to specific investment types and products as needed.

The Chief Risk Officer,  Market Risk Officer,  Market  Risk/Liquidity  Risk  Analysts  and  Model  Development Officers ensure the continuous enhancement of market risk management across the Bank, monitoring and reporting regularly to Senior Management, the Assets and Liabilities Committee (ALCO) and the ROC.

Integral to the effectiveness of the Bank's market risk management infrastructure is the dynamic relationship between the  independent  risk  management  unit  and  the  business  unit  it  supports  and  looks  after.    Risk Management goes beyond the traditional control function and seeks to add greater value to the institution by being an independent risk partner with its own voice and assessments of proposals and exposures.  By being in step with the developments in the business side, Risk Management not only readily identifies potential risk areas, but also helps the business manage risks from the onset.

## Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank will not be able to meet its obligations when they become due. It may be classified into two sub-types:

- 1) Funding Liquidity Risk, the risk that a firm cannot obtain the necessary funds to meet its obligations as they  fall  due.    It  stems  from  the  mismatch  of  asset,  liability,  exchange  contract  and  contingent commitment maturities.
- 2) Trading Liquidity Risk, the risk that an entity will be unable to unwind a position in a particular instrument at or near its market value because of lack of depth or disruption in the market for that instrument.

Liquidity risk is mainly monitored through tools such as liquidity gap reports including the Maximum Cumulative Outflow (MCO) status, liquidity ratios and assessment of deposit concentration.  This is further augmented by periodic liquidity stress testing.  Regular reports and dashboards are then provided to Senior Management, the  ALCO  and  the  ROC.    Moreover,  the  Bank  has  established  Contingency  Funding  Plans  to  deal  with potential liquidity crisis situations.

RMG assists the ALCO by providing the relevant information with respect to the management of all risks related to the Group's assets and liabilities, and the trading and accrual books. The impact of the Group's activities  on  capital  is  also  monitored  by  the  ALCO  with  the  RMG  providing  the  necessary  data  to  the Committee for assessment.  Results of their analysis are reported on a periodic basis to the ROC.  Through the ALCO, RMG provides an independent assessment of the depth and magnitude of funding liquidity risk that the Bank takes and suggests ways that can be explored to enhance the Bank's liquidity risk profile or keep  exposure  within  risk  appetite.    RMG  also  provides  its  views  on  proposals  or  strategies  concerning balance sheet structure, funding mix or concentration, and bond or note issuance.

To protect itself from market liquidity concerns, the Group also established bond issue concentration limits effective across the trading and investment entities of the Group.  The limit puts a cap on the relative share of the Group vis-à-vis the total bond issue size.  The aim is to minimize concentration risk.

## Operational Risk

Aligned with the Basel III Framework, operational risk is defined as the risk of loss due to inadequate or failed internal processes, people, and systems, or from external events.  Operational risk addresses processing errors, fraudulent activities, inappropriate behavior of staff, systems failure, inability to deliver products and services to customers, and natural &amp; man-made disasters.

Operational risk management has the following major roles and functions:

- Policy and Process - The Operational Risk Management Division develops and implements the measures used by the Bank to manage operational risk. It closely monitors and coordinates with the different business units  to  track,  and  to  resolve  any  existing  and  potential  operational  issues,  and  to  improve  existing procedures and policies to better minimize losses from operational issues.
- Information Technology and Security Risk Management - IT and Cyber/ IS Risk Management is designed to govern the overall technology and information security risks of the Bank and its subsidiaries aligning with corporate plans, strategies, and objectives of the Group. Closely working with ITG and CISG and all other  relevant  functions  of  the  Group,  it  monitors  the  key  risk  levels,  assists  in  process  and  control improvements to protect information assets, and ensure confidentiality, integrity and availability of systems.
- Business Continuity - The Business Continuity Unit focuses on maintaining and developing the Bank's capabilities to recover from system failures, natural or man-made disasters, pandemic crisis, and other crisis  events,  and  ensure  that  the  Bank's  operations  and  core  business  functions  are  up  and  running through disruptive events.

## Operational Risk Management Tools

Various tools, programs and methods are being used by Bank in the operational risk management process, including, but not limited to, the following:

- The Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA) and Risk and Control Assessment (RCA) tools are used to  identify,  assess  and  monitor  current  and  emerging  risks,  as  well  as  evaluate  the  sufficiency  and effectiveness of the declared controls;
- Issues and incidents are elevated through the Issue Escalation and Incident Reporting Process; and
- Information is collected and analyzed through a series of Key Risk Indicators and assessed through a Risk mapping process to alert Management and enable timely action on potential issues arising from operational risks.
- Security  Standard  for  Pre-deployed  Information  Systems  (SSPIS)  is  the  tool  used  to  provide  an assessment of the security controls that are applicable for new technology projects from design through to deployment.

The performance of the Bank's efforts to manage operational risk is presented on a periodic basis to Senior Management, as well as to the ROC.

## Model Risk

Model risk is the potential loss that an institution may incur primarily due to fundamental errors in the design, implementation or use of a model.  A model refers to a quantitative method, system or approach that applies statistical, economic, financial or mathematical theories, techniques and assumptions to process input data into quantitative estimates for decision making.  This also includes expert judgement models which are based on views of subject matter experts provided that the outputs are quantitative in nature.

- Model Development - Model development represents the very beginning of the model lifecycle where the

model owner identifies its objectives and business requirements.  The development of the models can be carried out by the model owners themselves, or externally if there are no available resources.

- Model Validation - The Model Risk Management Division (MRMD) is responsible for the independent review, attestation  and  validation  of  all  models  to  support  existing  supervisory  guidance  and  business objectives.

All  model  components  (inputs,  processes  and  outputs)  shall  be  subjected  to  both  quantitative  and qualitative review to ensure that the model is sound and can be relied upon for decision-making purposes. This is to ensure that the models are within the model risk appetite of the Bank and are compliant to the internal policies and regulatory requirement/s.

- Model Approval - Once the model passed the validation, the model will be endorsed by the model owner to the designated approving body for approval.  For models that cannot be validated prior to use, this will be approved by the designated Board-level committee and the BOD prior to implementation.
- Testing and Implementation - Testing is an integral part of the model lifecycle to ensure an accurate and smooth implementation of the model.  As such, there will be a rigorous pre- &amp; post-implementation testing procedures to determine if the model is performing as intended and is producing accurate results.
- Model Monitoring - When the model goes into use, its performance shall be validated against experience to make sure that the model functions as intended.  The monitoring will serve as an early warning indicator for any performance deterioration and trigger appropriate action.

The MRMD shall monitor the models on an ongoing basis, the frequency of which depends on the model rating, the nature of the model, &amp; best practices.  To aide in the monitoring of the models, a model inventory will be maintained by the MRMD to provide a comprehensive overview of all models in use.  It will contain all implemented, developed, and recently discontinued models with the following components.

## Management of Other Risks

While the risks that the Bank faces are chiefly categorized either as credit, market, liquidity or operational types, the Bank recognizes with as much importance the other risks that can hinder its pursuit of value creation.  In particular, the Bank acknowledges the threats posed by reputational and strategic (or business) risks.

- Reputational  risk  refers  to  the  potential  adverse  effects  arising  from  the  Bank's  reputation  deviating negatively from its expected level with regard to competence, integrity and reliability.  The Bank manages this  risk  within  the  institution  through  policies  and  processes  implemented  under  Operational  Risk (including Information Security), Compliance and Human Resources, such as those related to complaints resolution  and  management; fraud  detection, prevention and  overall management;  and service  quality assurance.  As part of the Bank's corporate-wide risk management, the Board ensures the maintenance of a sound consumer protection risk management system.
- Sustainability risk refers to the negative impact of an environmental, social or governance event or condition to the Bank's financial &amp; operating performance.  To mitigate sustainability risk, the Bank has begun to incorporate environmental and social factors into the lending process and customer dialogue to ensure sustainable lending. The Bank understands the consequences of failing to appropriately manage E&amp;S issues can directly impact its reputation, its clients' operations, and its environment and communities where the Bank and its clients operate.
- Strategic or business risk is the current and prospective impact on earnings or capital arising from adverse business decisions, ineffective or failed implementation of decisions, or lack of responsiveness to industry changes that may affect the franchise value of the Bank.  This risk is not managed separately from other risks.  In essence, the Bank manages this risk through careful planning and close monitoring of execution of plans.  To wit:
- The Group undergoes an annual Planning Cycle, where the business environment, medium-term plans of business units and potential risks to the Bank are assessed.  Budget Plan is produced at the end of

this activity.  Through this plan, the BOD provides direction for the Group taking into account probable new risks that may emerge over the planning cycle.

- Periodic review of the strategies and performance of key functional areas of indicators are undertaken by Senior Management and the BOD.  The Bank understands that the risk universe is not limited to the ones enumerated above.  As such, other types of risk - new or evolving - are uncovered and addressed through the different initiatives in the main risk management groups, which motivate risktaking and risk management units to assess and to attend to emerging threats to capital adequacy and profitability.

## Capital

The primary objectives of the Group's capital management are to ensure that the Group maintains strong credit ratings and healthy capital ratios in support of its business, and to remain compliant with externally imposed capital requirements, all while maximizing shareholder value.  Currently, the Bank remains well in compliance with the capital requirements of the Basel III Framework.  This is largely driven by the Bank's careful approach to  risk  and  capital  management.    Minimum  capital  levels  and  adequacy  ratios  as  required  by  regulatory standards are used by the Bank merely as a starting point.  Annually, the Bank assesses its current and planned business and risk-taking activities, and their comparison to the BOD's risk appetite taken in the context of macroeconomic and industry developments.  This assessment is summarized in the Bank's Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) document and is submitted to the BSP.  The document highlights the Bank's medium-term plans, the minimum capital it expects to maintain, capital triggers and contingency plans.

The Finance Committee is primarily responsible for driving the Group's ICAAP, working alongside the ROC and other members of Senior Management in implementing the strategic goals as approved by the BOD.  In essence, this  Committee  assesses  the  Group's  capital  adequacy  relative  to  its  risk  profile,  understanding capital requirements as scenarios vary or become stressed.

Risk  exposures  and  corresponding  capital  requirements  vis-à-vis  current  levels  are  periodically  reviewed, ensuring  risk  and  capital  are  aligned  with  the  Bank's  appetite  and  activities,  as  well  as  with  regulatory standards.

## (b)  Additional Requirements as to Certain Issues or Issuers

## (i) Debt Issues

## Long-term Negotiable Certificates of Deposits (LTNCD)

On November 8, 2017, the Bank issued 3.875% fixed coupon rate (EIR of 4.01%) unsecured LTNCD at par value of P =8.6 billion maturing on May 8, 2023.

On May 2, 2018, the Bank issued 4.50% fixed coupon rate (EIR of 4.69%) unsecured LTNCD at par value of P =5.78 billion maturing on November 2, 2023.

On September 23, 2019, the Bank issued 4.00% fixed coupon rate (EIR of 4.18%) unsecured LTNCD at par value of P =6.06 billion maturing on March 23, 2025.

On December 17, 2019, the Bank issued 4.00% fixed coupon rate (EIR of 4.16%) unsecured LTNCD at par value of P =2.31 billion maturing on March 23, 2025.

On February 5, 2020, the Bank issued 4.00% fixed coupon rate (EIR of 4.16%) unsecured LTNCD at par value of P =2.07 billion.

## Notes and Bonds Payable

In February 2015, the Bank issued US$300 million senior unsecured notes ('Senior Notes') due on February 3, 2020.  The Bank remains in compliance with the terms and conditions of the notes. The Parent Company paid the US$300 million senior unsecured notes on February 3, 2020.

In September 2018, the Bank issued $300.0 million senior unsecured notes ('Senior Notes') due on September 25, 2023.  The Bank remains in compliance with the terms and conditions of the notes.

In June 28, 2019, the Parent Company issued P =18.0 billion fixed rate bonds due on June 28, 2021. The Parent Company paid the P =18.0 billion fixed rate bonds due on June 28, 2021.

On July 24, 2020, the Parent Company issued P =13.5 billion fixed rate bonds due on July 24, 2022. The Parent Company paid the P =13.5 billion fixed rate bonds due on July 24, 2022.

On July 20, 2022, the Parent Company issued P =16.0 billion fixed rate bonds due on January 20, 2024. The Bank remains in compliance with the terms and conditions of the bonds.

On November 10, 2022, the Parent Company issued P =14.6 billion fixed rate bonds due on May 10, 2024. The Bank remains in compliance with the terms and conditions of the bonds.

## (ii) Equity Issues

In the third quarter of 2009, the Security Bank board, PSE and SEC approved the offer of Stock Rights to Eligible Shareholders to raise gross proceeds of approximately  P =2.5 billion.  Pursuant to the Rights Issue, 89,285,714 new ordinary shares were offered at P =28.00 on the basis of approximately one Rights Share for every 3.7 existing shares held on record  as of 9:00am of November 5, 2009.  The offer period was from November 5-12, 2009.  The offer was fully subscribed and total number of shares outstanding after the offer was 418,631,411.

On September 1, 2011, 83,727,102 shares were distributed in relation to 20% stock dividend approved by the Bank's BOD and shareholders on March 29, and May 30, 2011, respectively.  Outstanding shares as a result of stock dividend payment was 502,358,513.

On January 2, 2014, 100,472,596 shares were distributed in relation to 20% stock dividend approved by the Bank's BOD and shareholders on March 19 and May 28, 2013, respectively.  Outstanding shares as a result of stock dividend distribution were 602,831,109.

In  the  second  quarter  of  2014,  the  BSP  and  SEC  approved  the  Preferred  Shares  Rights  Offer  to  Eligible Shareholders  to  raise  gross  proceeds  of  approximately  P =60.3  million.    Pursuant  to  the  Rights  Issue, 602,831,109 new non-convertible, non-cumulative, non-participating, voting preferred shares were offered at P =0.10 on the basis of one Preferred Share for every one existing Common Share held on record as of 16 June 2014.  The offer period was from June 23 to July 4, 2014.  The offer was fully subscribed and total number of preferred shares outstanding after the offer was 602,831,109.

On April 1, 2016, Security Bank issued 150,707,778 new common shares and 200,000,000 new preferred shares to MUFG, representing 20% of total outstanding shares.  An additional 197,168,891 preferred shares were also issued to existing Filipino stockholders.  Total number of outstanding common shares after the MUFG transaction was 753,538,887 while total number of outstanding preferred shares was 1,000,000,000.

## Item 2.   Properties

The Bank has its corporate headquarters at 6776 Ayala Avenue, Makati City. The Bank has ownership of approximately 81.22% of the 6776 Ayala Avenue property which is not limited by any mortgage or lien.

Of the Bank's network of 316 domestic branches, the Bank has ownership of the premises where 44 branches are located.  The Bank leases the premises occupied by the rest of its branches. Most of the lease contracts include renewal options which give the Bank the right to extend the lease for varying periods at terms agreed upon with the lessors. The Bank intends to lease new sites for its 2023 branch expansion initiatives.

There are no plans for the acquisition of bank property over the next twelve (12) months.

## Item 3.   Legal Proceedings

The Bank is a party in legal proceedings which arose from normal business activities.  However, management believes that these cases are without merit or that the ultimate liability, if any, resulting therefrom, has no material effect to the Bank's financial position.

## Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

There were no matters submitted during the fourth quarter of 2022 to a vote of security holders, through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise.

## PART II - OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION

## Item 5.   Market for Issuer's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

## (1)  Market Information

The Bank's shares were officially listed and first traded at the PSE on 08 June 1995.

The price performance of the shares for each quarter within the last two years has been as follows:

| (Philippine Peso)  High  Low  Quarter-ended Mar 31, 2021  138.80  122.00  Quarter-ended Jun 30, 2021  138.80  117.10  Quarter-ended Sep 30, 2021  127.00  110.60  Quarter-ended Dec 31, 2021  125.40  104.00  Quarter-ended Mar 31, 2022  119.00  102.50  Quarter-ended Jun 30, 2022  110.70  86.30  Quarter-ended Sep 30, 2022  94.10  78.10  Quarter-ended Dec 31, 2022  97.35  78.50  Quarter-ended Mar 31, 2023  102.80  86.95   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2)  Holders

The Bank had approximately 1,745 common shareholders and 407 preferred shareholders of 28 February 2023. Common shares outstanding as of said date stood at 753,538,887 and outstanding Preferred shares stood at 1,000,000,000.

The top 20 Shareholders as of 28 February 2023 are:

## Common Shares

| Stockholders Name  No. of Shares  % to Total  Voting Shares  1  PCD NOMINEE CORPORATION  182,763,273  10.42%  2  THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ  LTD. (BTMU)  150,708,778  8.59%  3  PCD NOMINEE CORPORATION (NON-FILIPINO)  145,777,790  8.31%  4  ASIASEC EQUITIES  INC.  120,676,957  6.88%  5  FREDERICK Y. DY  86,865,273  4.95%  6  DANIEL S. DY  30,229,655  1.72%  7  SOCIAL SECURITY SYSTEM (SSS)  20,000,002  1.14%  8  GOODWOOD RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT INC  6,283,322  0.36%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Stockholders Name  No. of Shares  % to Total  Voting Shares  9  JAMES JK HUNG  2,406,708  0.14%  10  SB EQUITIES  INC.  1,887,793  0.11%  11  CAROUSEL HOLDINGS  INC.  400,000  0.02%  12  MEPCO EMPLOYEES RETIREMEN  331,709  0.02%  13  RAFAEL F. SIMPAO, JR.  217,296  0.01%  14  SB EQUITIES  INC. FAO L00  175,902  0.01%  15  CENTRAL COLLEGES OF THE PHILIPPINES  159,214  0.01%  16  BEE BEE S. CHUA  138,212  0.01%  17  ELECTRONIC TELEPHONE SYSTEM IND. INC.  117,936  0.01%  18  ERNST BEHRENS  82,926  0.00%  19  EDWIN FRANCIS L. TAN  72,000  0.00%  20  ERIC RUBEN L. TAN  72,000  0.00%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Preferred Shares

| Stockholders Name  No. of Shares  % to Total  Voting Shares  1  FREDERICK Y. DY  294,207,671  16.78%  2  DANIEL S. DY  256,951,638  14.65%  3  THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ  LTD. (BTMU)  200,000,000  11.41%  4  ASIASEC EQUITIES  INC.  95,996,204  5.47%  5  ALBERTO S. VILLAROSA  41,000,000  2.34%  6  SOCIAL SECURITY SYSTEM  37,644,497  2.15%  7  ANASTASIA Y. DY  33,000,000  1.88%  8  GOODWOOD RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT  INC.  21,014,591  1.20%  9  GERALDINE S. DY  17,329,149  0.99%  10  SB EQUITIES INC.  12,252,527  0.70%  11  SCB OBO SSBTC FUND JY63 ACCT 000260706069  3,771,656  0.22%  12  SB EQUITIES INC.  3,200,000  0.18%  13  SB EQUITIES  INC.  2,184,329  0.12%  14  BPI SECURITIES CORPORATION  2,150,799  0.12%  15  HSBC OBO A/C 026-100297-557  1,846,813  0.11%  16  ABACUS SECURITIES CORPORATION  1,771,202  0.10%  17  ASIASEC EQUITIES  INC.  1,524,917  0.09%  18  HSBC MANILA OBO A/C 000-595686-550  1,400,000  0.08%  19  SCB OBO SSBTC FUND JX7D ACCT 000260706027  1,267,172  0.07%  20  SCB OBO RBC INVESTOR SERVICES TRUST CLIENT  1,260,000  0.07%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

ACCOUNT

## (3)   Dividends

Dividends are declared and paid out of the earned surplus or net profits of the Bank as often and at such times as the BOD may determine and in accordance with the provisions of law and the regulations of the BSP.  Cash dividends declared for the two most recent fiscal years are as follows:

## Common Shares

| Dividend  Total Dividend  Record  Payment  Per Share  Amount  Date  Date  P =1.50  P =1.130 billion  April 16, 2021  April 29, 2021  1.50  1.130 billion  November 10, 2021  November 24, 2021  1.50  1.130 billion  April 12, 2022  April 28, 2022  1.50  1.130 billion  November 10, 2022  November 24, 2022   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Preferred Shares

| Dividend  Total Dividend  Record  Payment  Per Share  Amount  Date  Date  P =0.004805  P =1.91 million  March 18, 2021  April 5, 2021  0.0039  2.35 million  June 28, 2021  July 12, 2021  0.004805  1.91 million  March 18, 2022  April 1, 2022  0.0039  2.35 million  June 22, 2022  July 11, 2022   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Security Bank has adopted dividend policy that will enable the Bank to weather the uncertainties and volatilities in the market; comply with the tighter requirements of Basel III and the BSP; maintain strong credit ratings; minimize the need for capital calls in the medium-term; and provide a capital base for business expansion that will create value over the long-term for all stakeholders.  In declaring dividend pay-outs, Security Bank uses a combination of regular and special dividends such that the total dividend pay-out shall range from 15% to 30% of prior year's NIAT.

Capital structure is managed in the light of changes in economic conditions, risk characteristics of activities and  assessment  of  prospective  business  directions.    Capital  management  begins  with  an  assessment  of regulatory capital and capital adequacy, followed by the determination of the optimal capital structure based on a risk-based capital planning approach, taking into consideration risk appetite, risk exposures, provision of a capital buffer, capital mix, leverage, target ROE, opportunities in the capital markets and sustainability.

## Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

There were no sales of unregistered securities within the past three (3) years.

## Item 6.  Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation

The  following  tables  present  information  from  the  Bank's  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  as  of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 as audited by SGV, independent public accountants.

## (in million pesos)

## Key Statement of Financial Position Data:

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Total Assets  842,291  699,617  652,851  Total Deposit Liabilities  605,837  523,589  440,411  Loans and Receivables (net)  502,617  448,584  438,852  Total Liquid Assets  313,492  230,454  192,289  Total Earning Assets  753,338  629,053  608,927  Total Equity  125,848  125,070  123,306   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (in million pesos)

| Key Statements of Income Data:  For the Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Interest Income  36,755  32,903  40,353  Interest Expense  7,509  5,447  9,703  Net Interest Income  29,246  27,456  30,650  Other Income  10,389  9,354  19,723  Operating Expenses  22,909  21,284  19,701  Provision for Credit and Impairment  Losses  2,841  5,265  26,418  Provision for (Benefit from) Income Tax  3,330  3,345  (3,179)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| (in million pesos)  Key Statements of Income Data:  For the Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Net Income  10,556  6,917  7,432  Attributable to Minority Interest  -  -  -  Attributable to Equity Holders of the  Parent Company  10,556  6,917  7,432  Earnings per Share (weighted/adjusted)  P =14.00  P =9.17  P =9.86   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Key Performance Indicators

The Bank monitors its performance and benchmarks itself with the other players in the banking industry in terms of the following indicators:

| December 31  Key Performance Indicators:  2022  2021  2020  Capital Adequacy  Capital to Risk Assets Ratio  16.60%  19.75%  20.09%  Asset Quality  Non-performing Loan (NPL) Ratio  1.05%  1.47%  1.97%  Non-performing Loan (NPL) Cover  101.12%  92.67%  115.47%  Profitability  Return on Average Equity  8.42%  5.57%  6.16%  Net Interest Margin  4.23%  4.43%  4.71%  Cost to Income  57.80%  57.82%  39.11%  Liquidity  Liquid Assets to Total Assets  37.22%  32.94%  29.45%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The manner by which the Bank calculates the above indicators is as follows:

| Key Performance Indicator  BSP Prescribed Formula  Capital to Risk Assets Ratio  Total Qualifying Capital  Market, Credit and Operational Risk Weighted Exposures  Non-performing Loan (NPL) Ratio  (  Based on Circulars 941 and 1011)  Non-performing Loans (net of specific allowance)  Gross Loans  Non-performing Loan (NPL) Cover  (  Based on Circulars 941 and 1011)  Allowance for Probable Losses Loans  Non-performing Loans (gross of specific allowance)  Liquid Assets to Total Assets  Total Liquid Assets  Total Assets  Return on Average Equity  Net Income (or Loss) after Income Tax x 100  Average Total Capital Accounts  Net Interest Margin  Net Interest Income x 100  Average Interest Earning Assets   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2022 versus 2021 Results of Operations

## Financial Position

Total Assets increased by 20.39% to P =842.3 billion on account of increases in Cash and Other Cash Items, Due from Other Banks, Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss, Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income, Investment Securities at Amortized Cost, Loans and Receivables-Net, Investment in Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures, Property, Equipment and Right-of-use - Net, Investment Properties - Net, Intangible Assets and Other Assets tempered by decreases in Due from BSP, Interbank Loans Receivable and Securities Purchased Under Resale Agreements (SPURA) with BSP and Deferred Tax Assets.

Increase  in Cash  and  Other  Cash  Items by  P =2.1  billion  or  18.9%  can  be  attributed  to  the  Bank's  daily operations while decrease in Due from BSP by P =4.4 billion or 6.5% is due to asset-liability management. Due from  Other  Banks increased  by  53.1%  or  P =7.0  billion  due  to  increased  level  of  working  balances  with counterparty banks. Interbank Loans Receivable and SPURA with the BSP decreased by P =1.9 billion or 6.5% due to decreased level of placements.

Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss increased by P =0.6 billion or 9.3% to P =7.6 billion due to  trading  related  activities  of  the  Bank. Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income increased by P =32.2 billion to P =112.9 billion or 39.9% mainly due to purchases during the year.

Investment Securities at Amortized Cost increased to P =69.2 billion by P =47.4 billion or 217.0% mainly due to purchases of corporate bonds and government securities during the period.

Loans and Receivables increased by 12.0% to P =502.6 billion from P =448.6 billion in 2021 primarily attributable to additions in corporate lending during the period and the decrease in Group's provisions for credit losses during the year.

Investments  in  Subsidiaries  and  Joint  Ventures represent  Parent  Company's  60.0%  interest  in  SBM Leasing, Inc. (SBML) and 49.96% interest in SBFI.  Increased by 58.5% or P =900.3 million mainly attributed to the second tranche of capital infusion from the Parent Company and Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Ltd. (BAY), commonly known as Krungsri obtained on January 18, 2022.

Property, Equipment and Right-of-use Assets increased by 1.8% to P =5.3 billion due to additions during the year,  while  Investment  Properties  increased  by  170.9%  to  P =3.2  billion  due  to  real  and  other  properties foreclosed during the year.

Deferred Tax Assets decreased by 7.5% from P =5.2 billion as of year-end 2021 to P =4.9 billion in 2022.

Intangible Assets grew by 16.0% to P =3.7 billion with the additional software costs during the period.

Other Assets increased by 73.4% to P =5.8 billion from P =3.4 billion due to increase in cash collateral deposits and other properties acquired tempered by decrease in pension assets and creditable withholding taxes.

Total Liabilities increased by 24.7% or P =141.9 billion to P =716.4 billion on account of increases in Deposit Liabilities, Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss, Bills Payable and Securities Sold Under Repurchase  Agreements  (SSURA),  Acceptances  Payable,  Margin  Deposits  and  Cash  Letters  of  Credit, Income Tax Payable, Notes and Bonds Payable, Accrued Interest, Taxes and Other Expenses and Other Liabilities tempered by decrease in Manager's and Certified Checks Outstanding.

Deposit  Liabilities went  up  by  15.7%  from  P =523.6  billion  as  of  year-end  2021  to  P =605.8  billion  mainly contributed by the increase in Time and Demand Deposits.

Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss increased by 36.4% to P =1.8 billion.  Bills Payable and  SSURA increased  by  1,081.2%  to  P =40.9  billion  due  to  increase  in  the  Bank's  repo  transactions  and borrowings from local banks during the period.

Acceptances  Payable increased  by  8.36%  to  P =1.1  billion.    Margin  Deposits  and  Cash  Letters  of  Credit increased by 59.1% to P =63.9 million. Manager's and Certified Checks Outstanding at P =4.1 billion decreased by P =118.3 million or 2.8%.

Income Tax Payable increased to P =198.3 million from year-end 2021's P =85.8 million due to higher income tax liability for the  4t h   quarter  of  2022  versus  the last quarter of 2021. Notes and Bonds Payable increased by P =18.4 billion or 64.0% mainly due to bond issuance of fixed rate bonds amounting to P =16.0 billion and P =14.6 billion on July 20, 2022 and November 10, 2022, respectively, tempered by maturity of P =13.5 billion fixed rate bonds on July 24, 2022.  Accrued Interest, Taxes and Other Expenses increased by 43.4% to  P =4.2 billion. Other Liabilities went up by 21.4% to P =11.2 billion.

Total Equity grew by 0.6% to P =125.8 billion on account of net income during the period tempered by the increase in net unrealized loss on debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income.  Surplus was up by 10.1% due to the net income during the period.  Net Unrealized Loss on Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income of the Parent increased by 352.2% due to decrease in market valuation  of  outstanding  debt  securities.    Cumulative  Foreign  Currency  Translation  decreased  by  P =186.4 million.

The  Capital  Adequacy  Ratio  (CAR) is  16.60%  in  December  2022.    This  is  well  above  BSP  minimum requirement of 10% and international standard of 8%, indicative of  the sufficiency of the Bank's capital to support the current level of its risk assets.

## Results of Operations

Net income attributable to the Bank's equity holders amounted to P =10.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 from a year ago level of P =6.9 billion or an increase of 52.6%.  This translates to earnings per share of P =14.00 from P =9.17 for the period ended December 31, 2021.

Interest  Income ended higher than prior period by 11.7% or  P =3.9 billion. Interest income on Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and investment securities at amortized cost increased by 80.1% or P =2.6 billion on account of the additional securities. Interest Income on Loans and Receivables amounted to P =29.7 billion from P =28.1 billion or an increase of 5.8% from the same period last year due to higher volume of Loans &amp; Receivables on a period-on-period basis. Interest income on Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss increased by  P =96.7 million due to higher securities portfolio . Increase in Interest Income on Interbank Loans Receivables and SPURA with the BSP by 16.7% or P =53.5 million was due to the increase in volume of placements during the period . Deposits with Banks and Others declined by 85.8% due to decrease in volume of transactions.

Interest  Expense increased  by  37.8% or  P =2.1  billion  from  prior  period. Interest  Expense  on  Deposits increased by 71.5% or P =2.1 billion due to increase in volume on a period-on-period basis. Interest Expense on Derivative Instruments increased by P =57.6 million. Interest Expense on Notes and Bonds Payable, Bills Payable and SPURA and Other Borrowings dropped by 4.1% or P =85.9 million mainly due to maturity of P =13.5 billion and P =18.0 billion fixed rate bonds on July 24, 2022 and June 28, 2021, respectively, tempered by  bond  issuance  of  fixed  rate  bonds  amounting  to  P =16.0  billion  and  P =14.6  billion  on  July  20,  2022  and November 10, 2022, respectively. Interest  Expense on Lease Liabilities decreased by 14.9% or  P =12.5 million compared to 2021 on a period-on-period basis.

Net Interest Income increased to P =29.2 billion, 6.5% or grew by P =1.8 billion compared to 2021 on a periodon-period basis.

Other Income increased to P =10.4 billion or an increase of 11.1% mainly due to increase in Foreign Exchange Gains by P =796.4 million and in Service Charges, Fees and Commissions by P =754.1 million or 16.6%, due to higher transaction volumes. Miscellaneous Income increased by P =430.8 million and Profit from Assets Sold/Exchanged increased by P =106.0 million during the period on account of higher gains on acquisition and sale  of  foreclosed  assets.  The  increase  in Share  in  Net  Income  of  Joint  Ventures by  P =66.0  million  is attributable to the Bank's share in the net income of SBM Leasing, Inc. and SBFI during the period. Gain on redemption  of  Investment  Securities  at  Amortized  Cost decreased  by  P =62.0  million and Securities Trading Gain decreased by P =1.1 billion.

Operating  expenses (excluding  provisions  for  credit  and  impairment  losses)  were  higher  by  7.6%. Compensation  and  Fringe  Benefits increased by 8.9%. Amortization  of  Software  Costs and Miscellaneous Expenses increased by 52.1% and 13.8%, respectively while Taxes and Licenses decreased by 7.3%. Depreciation and Amortization decreased by 2.7% while Occupancy Costs decreased by 1.4%.

Provision for Credit Losses decreased by P =2.6 billion due to overall improvement in non-performing loans. Provision for impairment losses grew by P =222.2 million mainly due to impairment from investment properties and other properties acquired.

Provision for Income Tax amounted to P =3.3 billion for the period ended December 31, 2022 decreased by P =15.1 million, mainly due to lower provision for deferred income tax.

Total  Comprehensive  Income for  the  period  ended  December  31,  2022  decreased  to  P =3.0  billion  from P =4.0 billion in 2021 on a period-on-period basis on account of higher net unrealized loss on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income tempered by higher net income.

## 2021 versus 2020 Results of Operations

## Financial Position

Total Assets increased by 7.16% to P =699.6 billion on account of increases in Due from BSP, Due from Other Banks,  Interbank  Loans  Receivable  SPURA  with  BSP,  Financial  Assets  at  Fair  Value  through  Other Comprehensive  Income,  Loans  and  Receivables  -  Net,  Investment  in  Subsidiaries  and  Joint  Ventures, Investment Properties - Net and Intangible Assets tempered by decreases in Cash and Other Cash Items, Financial  Assets  at  Fair  Value  through  Profit  or  Loss,  Investment  Securities  at  Amortized  Cost,  Property, Equipment and Right-of-use - Net and Deferred Tax Assets and Other Assets.

Decrease in Cash and Other Cash Items by  P =2.2  billion  or  16.7%  can  be  attributed  to  the  Bank's  daily operations while increase in Due from BSP by P =20.0 billion or 42.2% is due to asset-liability management. Due from Other Banks increased by 30.8% or P =3.1 billion due to increased level of working balances with counterparty banks. Interbank Loans Receivable and SPURA with BSP increased by P =10.8 billion or 57.9% due to increased level of placements.

Financial  Assets  at  Fair  Value  Through  Profit  or  Loss decreased  by  P =3.8  billion  or  35.6%  to P =6.9  billion  due  to  trading  related  activities  of  the  Bank. Financial  Assets  at  Fair  Value through Other Comprehensive Income increased by P =11.9 billion to P =80.7 billion or 17.3% mainly due to purchases during the year.

Investment Securities at Amortized Cost decreased to P =21.8 billion by P =1.6 billion or 6.7% mainly due to maturities and redemptions during the year.

Loans and Receivables increased by 2.2% to P =448.6 billion from P =438.9 billion in 2020 primarily attributable to additions during the period and the decrease in Group's provisions for credit losses during the year.

Investments in Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures represent Parent Company's 60.0% interest in SBML and 49.76% interest in SBFI.  Increased by 117.3% or P =831.3 million mainly attributed to the first tranche of capital infusion from the Parent Company and BAY, commonly known as Krungsri obtained in May 2021.

Property, Equipment and Right-of-use Assets decreased by 6.0% to P =5.2 billion due to depreciation and amortization during the year, while Investment Properties increased by 8.3% to P =1.2 billion due to real and other properties foreclosed during the year.

Deferred Tax Assets decreased  by  27.8% from  P =7.3 billion  as  of  year-end  2020  to  P =5.2  billion  in  2021. Intangible Assets grew by 18.4% to P =3.2 billion with the additional software costs during the period.

Other Assets decreased by 5.7% to P =3.4 billion from P =3.6 billion due to decrease in cash collateral deposits and other properties acquired tempered by increase in pension assets.

Total  Liabilities increased  by  8.5%  or  P =45.0  billion  to  P =574.5  billion  on  account  of  increases  in  Deposit Liabilities,  Financial  Liabilities  at  Fair  Value  through  Profit  or  Loss,  Acceptances  Payable,  Manager's  and Certified Checks Outstanding and Income Tax Payable tempered by decreases in Bills Payable and SSURA, Margin Deposits and Cash Letters of Credit, Notes and Bonds Payable, Accrued Interest, Taxes and Other Expenses and Other Liabilities.

Deposit  Liabilities went  up  by  18.9%  from  P =440.4  billion  as  of  year-end  2020  to  P =523.6  billion  mainly contributed by the increase in Time and Demand Deposits.

Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss increased by 17.0% to P =1.3 billion. Bills Payable and  SSURA decreased  by  83.6%  to  P =3.5  billion  due  to  decrease  in  the  Bank's  repo  transactions  and borrowings from foreign banks during the period.

Acceptances Payable increased by 128.7% to P =1.0 billion. Margin Deposits and Cash Letters of Credit decreased  by  35.0%  to  P =40.2  million. Manager's  and  Certified  Checks  Outstanding at  P =4.2  billion decreased by P =0.4 billion or 9.3%.

Income Tax Payable increased to P =85.8 million from year-end 2020's P =61.5 million due to lower income tax liability for the 4 th  quarter of 2021 versus the last quarter of 2020. Notes and Bonds Payable decreased by P =17.0 billion or 37.2% due to maturity of P =18.0 billion fixed rate bonds on June 28, 2021. Accrued Interest, Taxes and Other Expenses decreased by 23.0% to P =2.9 billion. Other Liabilities went down by 29.3% to P =9.2 billion.

Total Equity grew by 1.4% to P =125.1 billion on account of net income during the period. Surplus was up by 6.7% due to the net income during the period. Net Unrealized Gain on Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income of the Parent decreased by 201.0% due to decrease in market valuation  of  outstanding  debt  securities. Cumulative  Foreign  Currency  Translation increased  by P =761.8 million.

The CAR is 19.75% in December 2021.  This is well above BSP minimum requirement of 10% and international standard of 8%, indicative of the sufficiency of the Bank's capital to support the current level of its risk assets.

## Results of Operations

Net  income attributable  to  the  Bank's  equity  holders  amounted  to  P =6.9  billion  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2021 from a year ago level of P =7.4 billion or a decrease of 6.9%.  This translates to earnings per share of P =9.17 from P =9.86 for the period ended December 31, 2020.

Interest Income ended lower than prior period by 18.5% or P =7.4 billion mainly on account of tempered asset levels and lower market yields on the Bank's loan and investment portfolios. Interest Income on Loans and Receivables amounted to P =28.1 billion from P =34.0 billion from the same period last year due to lower volume of  Loans  &amp;  Receivables  on  a  period-on-period  basis. Interest  income on Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and investment securities at amortized cost decreased by 8.8% or P =312.0 million on account of the disposal of securities. Deposits with Banks and Others grew by 1,028.3% due to increase in volume of transactions. Interest income on Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss dropped by P =1.6 billion due to lower securities portfolio . Decrease in Interest Income on Interbank Loans Receivables and SPURA with the BSP by 21.0% or P =85.4 million was due to the decrease in volume of placements during the period .

Interest  Expense decreased by 43.9% or  P =4.3  billion  from  prior  period. Interest  Expense on Deposits decreased by 43.3% or P =2.2 billion due to decrease in volume of high yielding deposits on a period-on-period basis and the resulting improvement in deposit mix in favor of lower yielding deposits. Interest Expense on Derivative Instruments decreased by P =0.7 billion. Interest Expense on Subordinated Note, Notes and Bonds Payable, Bills Payable and SPURA and Other Borrowings dropped by 38.3% or P =1.3 billion mainly due to maturity of P =18.0 billion fixed rate bonds on June 28, 2021, as well as decrease in the Bank's repo transactions and borrowings from foreign banks during the period. Interest Expense on Lease Liabilities decreased by 39.9% to P =0.1 billion compared to 2020 on a period-on-period basis.

Net Interest Income decreased to P =27.5 billion, 10.4% or dropped by P =3.2 billion compared to 2020 on a period-on-period basis.

Other Income decreased to P =9.4 billion mainly due to decrease in Securities Trading Gain by P =10.0 billion and Gain on Disposal of Investment Securities at Amortized Cost by P =2.2 billion as there was no disposal of investment securities at amortized cost in 2021. Foreign Exchange Gains decreased by P =267.0 million, Profit from Assets Sold/Exchanged increased by P =1.1 billion during the period on account on account of higher gains on acquisition and sale of foreclosed assets. Miscellaneous Income decreased by P =240.1 million mainly due to the sale 50% sale of outstanding shares of SBFI to Krungsri in 2020 wherein the Bank recorded a gain from sale amounting to P =933.1 million. Service Charges, Fees and Commissions increased by P =0.9 billion or 24.7% due to higher transaction volumes. The increase in Share in Net Income of Joint Ventures by P =276.3 million is attributable to the Bank's share in the net income of SBM Leasing, Inc. and SBFI during the period.

Operating expenses (excluding provisions for credit and impairment losses) were higher by 8.0%. Taxes and Licenses decreased  by  1.2%. Occupancy Costs increased  by  6.4%. Compensation and Fringe Benefits increased by 8.1% while Provision for Credit Losses decreased by P =21.1 billion due to overall improvement in non-performing loans. Depreciation and Amortization increased by 8.1%. Amortization of Software Costs and Miscellaneous Expenses increased by 17.1% and 11.9%, respectively. Provision for impairment losses dropped by P =50.3 million mainly due to recovery of impairment losses from property and equipment.

Provision for Income Tax amounted to P =3.3 billion for the period ended December 31, 2021 in comparison to P =3.2 billion benefit from income tax in 2020, mainly due to lower tax benefit from provision for credit losses and impact of CREATE law. This is tempered by lower provision for current tax mainly due to the benefit of lower tax rate for CREATE law.

Total  Comprehensive  Income for  the  period  ended  December  31,  2021  decreased  to  P =4.0  billion  from P =7.3 billion in 2020 on a period-on-period basis on account of lower net income and higher net unrealized loss on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.

## 2020 versus 2019 Results of Operations

## Financial Position

Total Assets decreased by 17.7% to P =652.9 billion on account of decreases in Due from BSP, Investment Securities  at  Amortized  Cost,  Loans  and  Receivables  -  Net,  Bank  Premises,  Furniture,  Fixtures,  and Equipment - Net, Assets of a Disposal Group Classified as Held for Sale, and Other Assets tempered by increases in Cash and Other Cash Items, Due from Other Banks, Interbank Loans Receivable and SPURA, Financial  Assets  at  Fair  Value  through  Profit  or  Loss,  Financial  Assets  at  Fair  Value  through  Other Comprehensive  Income,  Equity  Investments  in  Subsidiaries,  Associates  and  Joint  Venture,  Investment Properties - Net, and Deferred Tax Assets, Intangible Assets,

Increase  in Cash  and  Other  Cash  Items by  P =3.4  billion  or  34.7%  can  be  attributed  to  the  Bank's  daily operations and decrease in Due from BSP by P =8.7 billion or 15.6% is due to asset-liability management. Due from  Other  Banks increased  by  8.2%  or  P =0.8  billion  due  to  increased  level  of  working  balances  with counterparty banks. Interbank Loans Receivable and SPURA with the BSP increased by P =17.6 billion or 1,658.7% due to increased level of placements.

Financial  Assets  at  Fair  Value  Through  Profit  or  Loss increased  by  P =5.9  billion  or  120.9%  to P =10.7 billion due to trading related activities of the Bank and reclassification of the Bank's investment portfolio as  a  result  of  a  change  in  the  business  model. Financial  Assets  at  Fair  Value  through  Other Comprehensive Income increased by P =44.0 billion to P =68.8 billion or 178.1% mainly due to purchases during the year.

Investment Securities at Amortized Cost decreased to P =23.4 billion by P =185.6 billion or 88.8% mainly due to disposals of securities held as a result of the change in Bank's business model for managing HTC securities and the reclassification of the remaining securities as discussed above.

Loans and Receivables decreased by 2.2% to P =438.9 billion from P =448.6 billion in 2019 primarily attributable to the increase in Group's provisions for credit losses during the year and tightened credit standards.

Increase in Investments in Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures is attributed to the accounting of investment in SBFI as a joint venture after the completed sale of 50% outstanding shares of SBFI to Krungsri.

Property, Equipment and Right-of-use Assets decreased by 6.6% to P =5.5 billion due to depreciation and amortization during the year, while Investment Properties increased by 3.0% to P =1.1 billion due to real and other properties foreclosed during the year.

Deferred Tax Assets increased by 218.0% from P =2.3 billion as of year-end 2019 due to additional provision for credit losses to P =7.3 billion in 2020. Intangible Assets grew by 3.0% to P =2.7 billion with the additional software costs during the period.

Disposal Group Classified as Held for Sale decreased to nil amount as a result of the strategic partnership of the Bank with Krungsri. On October 20, 2020, after obtaining regulatory approvals in the Philippines and in Thailand, the Bank completed the sale of 50% outstanding shares of SBFI to Krungsri.

Other Assets decreased by 61.5% to P =3.6 billion from P =9.2 billion due to decrease in cash collaterals related to Bank's trading activities.

Total Liabilities decreased by 21.5% or P =145.2 billion to P =529.5 billion on account of decreases in all line items namely Deposit Liabilities, Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss, Derivative Liabilities Designated as Hedges, Bills Payable and SSURA, Acceptances Payable, Margin Deposits, Manager's and Certified Checks Outstanding, Income Tax Payable, Notes and Bonds Payable, Accrued Interest, Taxes and Other Expenses and Liabilities of Disposal Group Classified as Held for Sale and Other Liabilities.

Deposit Liabilities went down by 11.9% from P =499.6 billion as of year-end 2019 to P =440.4 billion mainly contributed by the decrease in Time Deposits.

Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss decreased by 0.5% to P =1.1 billion attributable to lower valuation of the Bank's derivative liabilities. Derivative Liabilities Designated as Hedges decreased to nil from P =4.9 billion in 2019 due to Bank's termination of its interest rate swap agreements resulted from the discontinuation of hedge accounting. Bills Payable and SSURA decreased by 77.5% to P =21.1 billion due to decrease in the Bank's repo transactions and maturities of short-term borrowings from BSP.

Acceptances Payable decreased by 11.0% to P =0.4 billion. Margin Deposits and Cash Letters of Credit decreased  by  93.3%  to  P =61.8  million. Manager's  and  Certified  Checks  Outstanding at  P =3.9  billion decreased by P =0.3 billion or 6.3%.

Income Tax Payable decreased to P =61.5 million from year-end 2019's P =358.4 million due to lower income tax liability for the 4 th  quarter of 2020 versus the last quarter of 2019. Notes and Bonds Payable decreased by P =2.5 billion or 5.1%, due to maturity of $300.0 million senior unsecured notes, offset by the issuance of fixed rate  bonds  during  the  year. Accrued  Interest,  Taxes  and  Other  Expenses decreased  by  18.1%  to P =3.7 billion. Other Liabilities went down by 0.4% to P =13.1 billion.

Total Equity grew by 4.2% to P =123.3 billion on account of net income during the period. Surplus was up by 6.4% due to the net income during the period. Net Unrealized Gain on Financial Assets at Fair Value through  Other  Comprehensive  Income  of  the  Parent increased  by  126.4%  due  to  increase  in  market valuation of outstanding debt securities while that of the Subsidiaries decreased by 59.5% due to decrease in market valuation of outstanding equity securities. Cumulative Foreign Currency Translation increased by P =615.0 million.

The CAR is 20.09% in December 2020.  This is well above BSP minimum requirement of 10% and international standard of 8%, indicative of the sufficiency of the Bank's capital to support the current level of its risk assets.

## Results of Operations

Net  income attributable  to  the  Bank's  equity  holders  amounted  to  P =7.4  billion  for  the  period  ended December 31, 2020 from a year ago level of P =10.1 billion or a decrease of 26.4%.  This translates to earnings per share of P =9.86 from P =13.40 for the period ended December 31, 2019.

Interest Income ended lower than prior period by 8.7% or P =3.9 billion mainly on account of tempered asset levels and lower market yields on the Bank's loan and investment portfolios. Interest Income on Loans and Receivables grew by 1.2% or P0.4 billion due to expansion in Loans and Receivables on a period-on-period basis. Interest  income  on Financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive  income  and investment securities at amortized cost decreased by 61.5% or P =5.7 billion on account of the disposal of securities. Deposits with Banks and Others dropped by 20.0% due to decrease in volume of transactions. Interest income on Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss grew by P =1.3 billion on account of reclassification discussed above . Increase in Interest Income on Interbank Loans Receivables and SPURA with the BSP by 44.8% or P =0.1 billion was due to the increase in volume of placements during the period .

Interest  Expense decreased by 44.1% or  P =7.7  billion  from  prior  period. Interest  Expense on Deposits decreased by 50.8% or P =5.3 billion due to decrease in volume of high yielding deposits on a period-on-period basis and the resulting improvement in deposit mix in favor of lower yielding deposits. Interest Expense on Derivative Instruments decreased by P =0.3 billion. Interest Expense on Subordinated Note, Notes and Bonds Payable, Bills Payable and SPURA and Other Borrowings dropped by 42.9% or P =2.5 billion due to maturity of $300.0 million senior unsecured notes on February 3, 2020 as well as maturity of other bills payable. The Bank also exercised its call option on its P =10.0 billion 5.375% Unsecured Subordinated Notes in July 2019. Interest Expense on Lease Liabilities increased by 8.4% to P =0.1 billion compared to 2019 on a period-onperiod basis.

Net Interest Income increased to P =30.6 billion, 14.2% or P =3.8 billion growth compared to 2019 on a periodon-period basis.

Other Income grew to P =19.7 billion or 177.6% increase mainly due to Securities Trading Gain growth to P =13.4  billion,  a  P =11.9  billion  increase  period-on-period  basis. Foreign  Exchange  Gains increased  by P =13.3 million, Profit from Assets Sold/Exchanged increased by P =260.8 million during the period on account of  lower  gains  on  acquisition  and  sale  of  foreclosed  properties. Miscellaneous  Income increased  by P =1.2 billion mainly due to the completed 50% sale of outstanding shares of SBFCI to Krungsri in 2020. Service Charges, Fees and Commissions decreased by P =0.5 billion or 11.1% due to lower transaction volumes. The decrease in Share in Net Income of Joint Ventures by P =218.8 million is attributable to the Bank's share in the net income of SBML and share in net loss of SBFI during the period.

Operating  expenses (excluding  provisions  for  credit  and  impairment  losses)  were  higher  by  13.6%  or P =2.4  billion. Taxes  and  Licenses increased  by  4.9%. Occupancy  Costs decreased  by  P =11.7  million. Compensation and Fringe Benefits increased by 14.8% while Provision for Credit Losses increased by P =22.3 billion as a result of the Bank's proactive stance toward the current economic environment. Depreciation and  Amortization increased  by  7.6%. Amortization  of  Software  Costs and Miscellaneous Expenses increased by 19.0% and 19.5%, respectively. Provision for impairment losses grew by P =26.3 million mainly coming from the increase of provision on investment properties.

Benefit from Income Tax amounted to P =3.2 billion for the period ended December 31, 2020 in comparison to P =2.3 billion provision for income tax in 2019, due to higher benefit from deferred income tax resulting from additional provision for credit losses.

Total Comprehensive Income for the period ended December 31, 2020 amounted to P =7.3 billion, decreased by 34.4% compared to P =11.1 billion in 2019 on a period-on-period basis on account of lower net income and net unrealized gain on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.

## Liquidity

The Bank's liquidity is adequate with a liquid-assets-to-total-assets ratio of 37.22% in 2022, 32.94% in 2021, and 29.45% in 2020.  Liquid assets consist of cash and other cash items, due from BSP, due from other banks, interbank loans receivable, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and investment securities at amortized cost.

## Events  that  will  trigger  direct  or  contingent  financial  obligation  that  is  material  to  the  company, including any default or acceleration of an obligation

There were no events that will trigger direct or contingent financial obligation that is material to the company, including any default or acceleration of an obligation.

## Off-Balance Sheet Transactions, Arrangements, Contingent Obligations and Other relationships of the company with unconsolidated entities or other persons

The Bank has outstanding commitments, contingent liabilities, bank guarantees and tax assessments that arose from the normal course of operations.  The Bank does not anticipate losses that will materially affect its financial position and results of operations as a result of these transactions.

The following is a summary of the Group's commitments and contingent liabilities at their equivalent peso contractual amounts:

| ## Group's commitments and contingent liabilities  (in million pesos)  2022  2021  2020  Trust department accounts  P =95,117  P =83,800  P =77,665  Unutilized credit limit of credit card holders  53,159  35,573  40,365  Unused commercial letters of credit  37,521  29,753  21,383  Committed loan line  32,470  22,581  20,309  Outstanding guarantees  900  1,407  2,414  Inward bills for collection  951  353  290  Outward bills for collection  423  83  220  Late Deposit/Payment Received  588  38  372  Financial guarantees with commitment  28  33  65   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Material Commitments for Capital Expenditures

The Bank's commitments for capital expenditures will be funded out of cash flows from operations.  This covers investments in electronic systems to comply with regulatory requirements (e.g. electronic money laundering monitoring system), investments in other systems (e.g. credit evaluation system), upgrades of existing systems (e.g. telecommunications system), expansion of the Bank's electronic banking channels, ATM installations, renovation or relocation or branch premises, and investments for new branches.

## Material Impact on Income from Continuing Operations

In  the  normal course  of  operations, the  Bank's activities are  affected by changes in  interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and other market changes.  The Bank follows a prudent policy on managing its assets and liabilities so as to ensure that exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates are kept within acceptable limits and within regulatory guidelines.

## Significant Elements of Income or Loss that did not arise from Continuing Operations

There are no significant elements of income or loss that did not arise from continuing operations of the Bank.

## Seasonal aspects that have a material effect on the financial position or results of operations.

The Bank's financial position or results of operations are not affected by seasonal aspects.

## Future Prospects

Growth driver continues to be private consumption as well as private investment.  We expect both spending and investment momentum will be maintained despite inflation and currency depreciation risks.  Risks remain to be elevated inflation, yet this may not deter households with local demand up. Full year growth expected at 6.3%.

## Item 7.  Financial Statements

The consolidated financial statements of the Bank are filed as part of this Form 17-A (please refer to Financial Statements and Supplementary Schedules on page 76.

## Item 8.  Information on Independent Accountant and Other Related Matters

## (1)  External Audit Fees and Services

The aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the Group's external auditors are summarized as follows:

| Aggregate Fees  (in millions)  Nature of Services Rendered  2022  2021  Regular Audit of the Group's Financial Statements  P =11.15  P =12.02  Tax Fees  -  -  Other Fees  9.33  1.7  Total Fees  P =20.48  P =13.72   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fees for the audit of the Group's annual financial statements are P =11.15 million and P =12.02 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively.   In 2022, the Bank engaged the services of SyCip Gorres Velayo &amp; Co (SGV) for digital forensics and fraud investigations, bank-wide third-party vulnerability assessment and penetration testing of the Bank's critical applications and infrastructure, advisory for business model assessment under PFRS 9 and corporate governance training with engagement fees of P =3.8 million, P =2.5 million, P =0.5 million and P =0.3 million, respectively.  The Bank also engaged the services of SGV for sustainability linked product validation framework with the related engagement fees of P =2.2 million and P =1.7 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## Audit Committee's Approval Policies and Procedures for the Above Services

The  Bank's  Audit  Committee  is  responsible  for  the  annual  selection  of  the  external  auditor  based  on established criteria and endorses the same to the BOD for approval.

Before the start of each year's audit, the external auditor presents to the Audit Committee for approval the audit fee as well as the proposed audit plan which includes the scope, areas of focus and timing of the audit. Results of the audit are being reviewed and endorsed by the Audit Committee to the BOD for approval.

For non-audit services, the Audit Committee also reviews the scope, approach, and related fees before the start of the engagement.

## (2)   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

There were no changes in and disagreements with  SGV, the Bank's external auditor, on accounting and financial disclosure.

## PART III - CONTROL AND COMPENSATION INFORMATION

## Item 9.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Issuer

## (a)  Directors

## THE BOD/NOMINEES FOR THE TERM 2023-2024

| Name  Position  Date Elected to the  Board  Citizenship  Age*  Frederick Y. Dy  Chairman Emeritus  April 4, 1989  Filipino  67  Alberto S. Villarosa  Chairman  October 30, 2002  Filipino  72  Cirilo P. Noel  Director  April 24, 2018  Filipino  65  Diana P. Aguilar  Director  April 26, 2017  Filipino  59  Daniel S. Dy  Director/Group Strategy  Head  April 27, 2021  Filipino  36  Alfonso L. Salcedo,  Jr.  Director  April 28, 2015  Filipino  67  Sanjiv Vohra  Director/President &amp;  CEO  July 1, 2019  Indian  61  Gerard H. Brimo  Independent Director  April 30, 2019  Filipino  71  Enrico S. Cruz  Independent Director  August 1, 2019  Filipino  65  Esther Wileen S. Go  Independent Director  April 27, 2021  Filipino  52  Dr. Jikyeong Kang  Independent Director  April 26, 2017  British  61  Jose Perpetuo M.  Lotilla  Independent Director  April 27, 2021  Filipino  65  Napoleon L.  Nazareno  Lead Independent  Director  April 26, 2017  Filipino  73  Juichi Umeno  Director  New Nominee for  Election  Japanese  48  Nobuya Kawasaki  Director  New Nominee for  Election  Japanese  50   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Age as of December 31, 2022

FREDERICK Y. DY ,  67, Filipino, was elected Chairman Emeritus on April 28, 2015. He was elected Vice Chairman of the Board on April 4, 1989 before assuming the Chairman's position from April 1991 to April 2015. He is the Chairman of St. Luke's Medical Center (since August 2011), Chairman of City Industrial Corporation (since June 1994) and a Director of Ponderosa Leather Goods Co., Inc. (since May 1980).

ALBERTO S. VILLAROSA , 72, Filipino, was elected Chairman of the Board on April 28, 2015. He was elected to the Board in October 2002 before assuming the position of President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank on January 5, 2004. Prior to this, he was Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer.

He is  currently  a  member  of  the  Executive,  Nominations  and  Remuneration,  Restructuring,  and  Finance Committees. He is a Member of the Society of Fellows of the Institute of Corporate Directors (since July 2006). He was the President of the Bankers Association of the Philippines (from April 2012 to March 2013) and Director (from March 2014 to October 2015). He was the Chairman and Director of SB Capital Investment Corporation (from April 2004 to August 2016), Security Bank Savings Corporation (from February 2012 to May 2015) and SB Rental Corporation (from May 2014 to May 2015). He was the Chairman of SBM Leasing,

Inc. (from July 2011 to May 2014) and a Director of SB Cards Corporation (from December 2012 to June 2013).

Mr. Villarosa has extensive banking experience in the areas of Treasury, Investment Banking, and Consumer Banking. Prior to joining the Bank, he was the Executive Vice President and Treasurer of the Bank of the Philippine Islands (BPI) (from October 1996 to October 2002). During that time, he was a Director in several BPI  subsidiaries,  including  BPI  Family  Savings  Bank,  BPI  Forex  Corporation  and  BPI  Investment Management, Inc. Prior to joining BPI, he was Director/President of Citytrust Securities Corp. (from 1998 to 2003) and was with Citytrust Banking Corporation (from 1987 to 1996) where the last position he held was Executive Vice President/Treasurer and President of Citytrust Investment Philippines. Prior to this, he was a Vice President of Citibank N.A. (from 1984 to 1987).

He graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Commerce from the University of San Carlos, Cebu City and earned his Master's degree in Business Management from the Asian Institute of Management.

CIRILO P. NOEL , 65, Filipino, was elected to the Board on April 24, 2018 and appointed as Vice Chairman in April 2020.

He is the Chairman of the Finance Committee and Vice Chairman of the Executive Committee. He is also a member of the Audit and Transformation and Technology Committees.

He is the Chairman of Palm Concepcion Power Corporation (since June 2018), Juxtapose Ergo Consultus, Inc. (since May 2019), and Confiar Land Corp since September 2021. He is a member of the BOD of Eton Properties, Inc. (since  April 2019), Transnational  Diversified Group Holdings (since August 2019), Amber Kinetics Holdings Co., PTE Ltd. (since March 2018), PLC-Globe Telecom, Inc. (since April 2018), LH Paragon Group, Golden ABC (since January 2018), PLC-San Miguel Foods and Beverage, Inc. (since September 2018), PLC-Robinsons Retail Holdings (since August 2020), and PLC First Philippine Holdings Corporation (since May 2021).

He is also a member of the Board of Trustees of St. Luke's Medical center Quezon City (since April 2017) and St. Luke's Medical Center College of Medicine (since April 2018). He sits as a board member of St. Luke's Medical Center- Global City (since April 2017) and St. Luke's Foundation, Inc. (since August 2018).

He  is  also  currently  affiliated  with  the  Makati  Business  Club,  Harvard  Law  School  Association  of  the Philippines, and Harvard Club of the Philippines.

He was a member of the BOD of Philippine Airlines (from 2018 to 2019), PLC PAL Holdings, Inc. (from 2018 to 2019), and PLC-JG Summit Holdings (from 2018 - 2021).

He  was  recognized  as  the  2019  Outstanding  CPA  by  the  Professional  Regulations  Commission  for  his distinguished contributions to the fields of accountancy, tax, and law. He was also awarded as one of the 75 Most Outstanding UE Alumni by the University of the East in 2021.

Before joining the Bank, he held various positions in SGV &amp; Co., including Chairman (from 2010 to 2017), Managing Partner (from 2009 to 2010), Vice Chairman &amp; Deputy Managing Director (from 2004 to 2009), Head of Tax Division (from 2001 to 2008) and Partner, Tax Services (from 1993 to 2017).

For two terms, he was a member E&amp;Y Global Advisory Council member. He was also Ernst &amp; Young (EY) ASEAN Tax Head and Far East Area Tax Leader from 2004 to 2009 and the Presiding Partner of E&amp;Y Asia Pacific Council.

He graduated from the University of the East with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration and obtained his Bachelor of Laws from the Ateneo Law School. He took Master of Laws at Harvard Law School. He is a Harvard International Tax Program fellow and attended the Asian Institute of Management's Management Development Program.

DIANA P. AGUILAR , 59, Filipino, was elected to the Board on April 25, 2017. Prior to this, she was a Director of Security Bank Corporation (from November 2010 to April 2016) and was appointed Senior Advisor to the Board (from July 2016 to April 2017).

She is the Chairperson of the Trust Committee and a Member of the Related Party Transaction, and Finance Committees. She also serves as Chairperson of SB Capital Investment Corporation (since August 2016).

Ms.  Aguilar  is  an  investment  banker  with  extensive  experience  in  capital  markets  transactions  and  an entrepreneur with businesses in the fields of information technology and electronic payments, retail trade, and property management. Ms. Aguilar holds concurrent directorships in the fields of investment and commercial banking,  social  protection,  information  technology  &amp;  e-payments,  retail  and  supply  chain,  education,  and property management.

Appointed as one of the Commissioners of the Social Security System (since August 2010).

Ms. Aguilar's concurrent board positions are Chairperson of the Board of  Trustees of La Salle Greenhills (since  September  2021);  Member  of  La  Salle  East  Asia  Boards  LEAD  Economic  Council  and  LEAD Investment Board (since August 2020); Member of De La Salle Philippines Investment Committee (since July 2018); Member of De La Salle-College of Saint Benilde, Inc. Executive Finance Committee of the Board (since July 2020); Board of Trustees of De La Salle Medical and Health Science Institute (since October 2020). She also  sits  as  Director  of  PXP  Energy  Corporation  (since  February  2018);  an  Independent  Director,  Board Member and Chairperson of the Audit Committee of Makati Medical Center (since July 2018); Advisor to the Board of Philippine Seven Corporation (since January 2015); Independent Director of Science Park of the Philippines,  Inc.,  (since  June  2020);  Governor  and  Vice  President  of  Employers  Confederation  of  the Philippines (since January 2017).

Her past board positions include Chairperson of Finance Committee and Treasurer of La Salle Greenhills (from September 2019 to 2021); Director of PXP Mining Corporation (from 2019 to 2021); Director of Wenphil Corporation (from 2012 to 2019); Director of Electronic Commerce Payments, Inc., (from 2004 to 2019); Director of Ionics, Inc., (from 2016 to 2019); Treasurer of De La Salle Santiago Zobel (from 2004 to 2017); Director of PXP Energy Corporation (from 2014 to 2017); Director of Phoenix Petroleum Philippines, Inc., (from 2010 to 2013), and  Philippine Seven Corporation (from 1999  January 2015).

Ms. Aguilar's academic background is in the fields of International Business, Finance and Computer Science. She  earned  her  Masters'  Degree  in  International  Business  and  Finance,  with  honors,  at  Pepperdine University,  Malibu,  California,  and  her  Bachelor  of  Science  Degree  in  Computer  Studies  at  De  La  Salle University, Taft Ave., Manila.

DANIEL S. DY , 36, Filipino, was elected to the Board on 27 April 2021.

He  is  a  Senior  Vice  President  and  Group  Strategy  Head.  He  is  a  member  of  the  Transformation  and Technology and the Executive Committees.  He is also a Director of SBFI.

Mr. Dy has held various positions in Security Bank Corporation since he joined in March 2012. As Group Strategy Head, he oversees various divisions, including data engineering, data analytics, data governance, and CRM. For the past decade, Mr. Dy has worked at the intersection of business, technology, and data, taking  on  a  range  of  front-office  and  back-office  leadership  roles.  Prior  to  moving  to  Manila,  he  was  an Assistant Vice President in the Mortgage-Backed Securities Group of Trust Company of the West in Los Angeles.

He graduated  with  a  Bachelor  of  Science  degree  in  Economics  -  Accounting  from  Claremont  McKenna College.

ALFONSO L. SALCEDO, JR. , 67, Filipino, was elected Director on April 18, 2015.  He was the President and Chief  Executive  Officer  of  the  Bank  (from  April  28,  2015  to  June  30,  2019).    He  is  the  Chairman  of  the Executive and Restructuring Committees.  He is also a member of the Corporate Governance, Trust and Risk Oversight Committees.

He is a Director of SB Cards Corporation (since May 2015) and SB Rental Corporation (since May 2015).  He was the Chairman of SBFI (from May 2015 to May 2022).  He was a Director and Vice Chairman of SB Capital Investment Corporation (from May 2015 to May 2020), a Director of SB Equities, Inc. (from August 2016 to July 2020), and a Trustee of Security Bank Foundation (from April 2015 to February 2020).

Prior to joining the Bank, he was a former executive of the Bank of the Philippine Islands (from 2000 to March 2015), with his last position as Executive Vice President in charge of the Corporate Clients Segment.  He

served as President of BPI Family Savings Bank (from 2004 to 2010), BPI Insurance Group (from 2000 to 2004) and Allstate Life Insurance (Philippines) in 1999.  He served in the retail banking operations of Citibank Philippines as Country Marketing Director and Retail Bank Business Manager for 10 years before joining BPI. He served as Marketing Director for Nippon Vicks KK (Japan) based in Osaka for 5 years (from 1983-1987). He was a member of the Boards of BPI's subsidiaries and affiliates, specifically: BPI Capital Corporation, BPI Direct  Savings  Bank,  BPI-Philam  Life  Assurance  Corporation,  BPI  Rental  Corporation,  BPI  Leasing Corporation and Ayala Automotive Holdings Corporation.

He received his AB Economics Honors degree (with honors) from Ateneo de Manila University in 1977 and completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School in 2006.

SANJIV VOHRA , 61, Indian, was elected as Director and appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer effective July 1, 2019.  He is the Chairman of People Empowerment Committee and a member of the Bank's Executive, Transformation and Technology, Finance, Restructuring, and Trust Committees.  He is also the Chairman of SBFI.

He is a Director of the Bankers Association of the Philippines and Philippine Payments Management, Inc. (since 2019).  He has over 30 years of experience in banking, having held a number of senior leadership positions in Asia, in Citibank India in various roles from 1986 to 1999, Corporate Bank Head at ABN AMRO Bank, India (from 1999 to 2000), Consumer Industry Head, Asia-Pacific at ABN AMRO Bank Singapore (from 2001 to 2002), Managing Director, Head of Corporate Banking (India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh) at Citigroup India (from 2002 to 2005), Country Executive at Royal Bank of Scotland in India (2013), Head of Corporate Banking (Asia Pacific) at Deutsche Bank (from 2014 to 2017) and Managing Director, Head of Corporate Banking for Asia &amp; Oceania and Co-Head of Investment Banking for Asia &amp; Oceania at MUFG Bank, Ltd. (from 2017 to 2019); as well as experience in the domestic market as Country Head of Citibank Philippines (from 2006 to 2013).

He graduated with a degree of Bachelor in Technology from the Indian institute of Technology and a Master's degree in Business Administration from the University of Delhi in India.

## INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

GERARD H. BRIMO , 71, Filipino, was elected to the Board on April 30, 2019.  He is the Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Corporate Governance Committee.

He  is  the  Chairman  of  PLC-Nickel  Asia  Corporation  (since  August  2018)  and  its  subsidiary  companies: Cagdianao  Mining  Corporation  (since  August  2018),  Hinatuan  Mining  Corporation  (since  August  2018), Cordillera Exploration Co., Inc. (since August 2018), Newminco Pacific Mining Corporation (since 2018).  He is also a Director of Nickel Asia Corporation subsidiaries Rio Tuba Nickel Mining Corporation, Taganito Mining Corporation, and Emerging Power, Inc., and served as Chairman of these companies from 2018 to 2022.  He is an Independent Director of Commonwealth Foods, Inc. (since January 19, 2021).

Prior to his career in mining, he worked for Citibank for a period of eight years, resigning as Vice President of the Capital Markets Group in Hong Kong, before joining Philex Mining Corporation as Vice President-Finance. He served as Chairman and CEO of Philex Mining Corporation from 1994 until his retirement in December 2003.  He served as President of the Chamber of Mines of the Philippines from 1993 to 1995, and as Chairman from 1995 to 2003.  He was again elected Chairman in 2017 up to 2021, and currently is Vice Chairman.

He received his Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Manhattan College, USA, and his Master in Business Management degree from the Asian Institute of Management.

ENRICO S. CRUZ , 65, Filipino, was elected to the Board effective August 1,2019.  He is the Chairman of the Bank's Risk Oversight Committee, Vice Chairman of the Audit Committee and Nominations and Remuneration Committee and member of Finance and Executive (Independent - Non-Voting) Committees.

He is also an Independent Director of SB Capital Investment Corporation, Maxicare Healthcare Corporation, Maxicare Life Insurance Corporation (Maxilife), AREIT, Inc., CIBI Information Inc, The Keepers Holdings Inc., DITO CME Holdings Corporation, and Robinsons Retail Holdings, Inc.

Prior to joining the Bank, he was the Managing Director and Chief Country Officer for Deutsche Bank AG Manila Branch (DB).  He joined Deutsche Bank in 1995 as a Director and Head of Global Markets.  Prior to DB, he served as Senior Vice President and Head of Treasury at Citytrust Banking Corporation (CTBC), an affiliate of Citibank NA.  He joined CTBC in 1979 as an Executive Development Program Trainee and worked in various operations departments until his appointment as Head of Treasury in 1989.

He graduated from the University of the Philippines with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Economics and a Master's degree in Business Administration.

ESTHER WILEEN S. GO , 52, Filipino, was elected to the Board on April, 27 2021.  She is the Chairperson of the Transformation and Technology Committee and a member of the Risk Oversight Committee.

She is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of MediLink Network, an electronic health network serving the health ecosystem.

She  is  also  a  Director  of  Equicom  Savings  Bank,  Maxicare  Healthcare  Corporation,  and  Maxicare  Life Insurance Corporation.   She was  a Vice  President  of CitiGroup, New  York handling Operations, Product Development, e-Strategy and Implementation, and Payment Innovation.  Prior to this, she worked with Booz Allen Hamilton, SM Department Stores, Equitable Card Network and the U.S. Committee for UNICEF.

She  holds  a  Master's  degree  in  Business  Administration,  from  Harvard  Business  School  in  Boston, Massachusetts  and  a  Bachelor  of  Arts  degree  with  double  majors  in  Computer  Science  and  Economics (magna cum laude) from Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts.

DR. JIKYEONG KANG , 61, British, was elected to the Board on April 25, 2017. She is the Chairperson of the Related Party Transaction and Corporate Governance Committees.  She is also the Vice Chairperson for Trust Committee and a member of the Risk Oversight Committee.

Dr. Kang is the President and Dean of the Asian Institute of Management (AIM) and holds the MVP Chair in Marketing.  Prior to assuming her post at AIM, Dr. Kang was Director of the DBA Program at Manchester Business School (MBS) from 2010 to 2014. At MBS, she also served as Director of the Postgraduate Centre in charge of their MBA Programs from 2001 to 2007, where she was instrumental in propelling the full-time MBA Program's Financial Times ranking from 4 7t h in the world in 2002 to 2 2n d in 2007, the highest ranking it has ever achieved.  While she was in charge of the MBA Programs, MBS became one of the first schools in the world to earn triple accreditation from AACSB, EQUIS and AMBA.

Dr.  Kang  is  the  Chairman  of  the  International  Advisory  Board  of  AACSB,  the  world's  largest  business education alliance, and on the Board of EFMD, an international 900-member organization of business schools and corporations.  She is also an Independent Director of Kesoram Industries, which is part of the B K Birla Group of Companies in India. Dr. Kang is also a board member of Principles for Responsible Management Education (PRME), and GBSN (Global Business School Network), a Council member of Association of AsiaPacific Business Schools (AAPBS) and a Member of the Global Network for Advanced Management (GNAM). Dr Kang is an International/Global Advisory Council/Board Member of Suleman Dawood School of Business, Lahore University of Management Sciences in Pakistan, Korea University Business School, Yonsei University Business School in Korea, ESADE in Spain, Stockholm School of Economics in Sweden, Hanken School of Economics in Finland, and Insper in Brazil.  She is also a fellow of International Academy of Management (IAOM).

Dr.  Kang  earned  her  PhD  from  the  University  of  Minnesota,  her  Master's  degree  from  Colorado  State University, and her Bachelor's degree from Hanyang University, Seoul, Korea.

JOSE PERPETUO M. LOTILLA , 65, Filipino, was elected to the Board on April 27, 2021.  He is the Chairman of the Nominations and Remuneration Committee, Vice Chairman of the Corporate Governance and Related Party Transaction Committees.

He is currently an Independent Director of Synergy Grid and Development Philippines, Inc. (since 2019) and Philippine Commercial Capital, Inc. (since 2021).  He is also the Chairman of Carabineros Development, Inc., the Corporate Secretary of Amber Kinetics Phils, and a Legal Consultant of San Miguel Corporation.  He is also a member of the Integrated Bar of the Philippines (IBP) and a Special Adviser to the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Jose de Buenavista Antique.

Mr. Lotilla served as Undersecretary for Legal Affairs and Undersecretary in charge of Civil Aviation at the Department of Transportation and Communications (from 2012 to 2015).  Prior to joining government, he was a Senior Partner at Sycip Salazar Feliciano and Hernandez Law Offices.  He became a partner in the firm's Corporate, Special Projects and Banking, Finance and Securities Practice Groups in 1989.  He was a former President and Trustee of the Philippine Bar Association.  He also served as government representative to the Board of PNOC Petrochemical Corporation for several years.  He was Corporate Secretary of GD Searle Philippines for many years.

He was an Independent Director of Security Bank Corporation (from 2002 to 2012), SB Capital Investment Corporation (from 2004 to 2012) and Security Finance, Inc. (from 2010 to 2011).  He was involved in major mergers and acquisitions, banking, finance, securities, and capital markets transactions in the Philippines. He was a former Governor of the Integrated  Bar  of  the  Philippines  for  Western  Visayas,  Director  of  the Philippine Bar Association, and Chairman of the Committee on Bar Discipline of the Integrated Bar of the Philippines.  As a banking and finance lawyer, he was rated as the sole Band 1 Philippine lawyer for several years by Chambers until he retired from Sycip Law.

He graduated from the Ateneo de Manila University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and earned his degree in Bachelor of Laws from the University of the Philippines.

NAPOLEON L. NAZARENO , 73, Filipino, was elected to the Board on April 25, 2017.  He is the Vice Chairman of the Transformation and Technology and the Risk Oversight Committees.

He was a Member of the Supervisory Board of Rocket Internet (from 2014 to 2017), Trustee of Philippine Disaster Recovery Foundation, Inc. (from 2013 to 2015) and Ideaspace (from 2012 to 2015), President and Trustee of First Pacific Leadership Academy (from 2012 to 2015), and Chairman of the Board of Trustees and Board of Governors of the Asian Institute of Management (from 2011 to 2017).

He was the Chairman of several subsidiaries of PLDT and  Smart,  including  PLDT Communications and Energy Ventures, Inc. ('PCEV'),  EpldT, Inc. (from 2013 to 2015), Digital Telecommunications Phils., Inc. (Digitel)  (from  2012  to  2015),  Digitel  Mobile  Philippines  Inc.  (Digitel  Mobile)  (from  2012  to  2015),  Smart Broadband Inc. (from 2005 to 2015) and i-Contacts Corporation (from 2001 to 2015).  He was the President and Chief Executive Officer of PLC-Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company (PLDT) (from February 2004  to  2015),  PLC-Smart  Communications,  Inc.  (from  January  2000  to  2015),  Connectivity  Unlimited Resources Enterprise, Inc. (from 2008 to 2015), Aces Philippines Cellular Satellite Corporation (from 2000 to 2015), and PLDT Communications and Energy Ventures (2004 to 2011).

He likewise served as Director of PLC-Manila Electric Company, PLDT Global Corporation, Mabuhay Satellite Corporation, Rufino Pacific Tower Condominium, and Operation Smile.  He was a non-executive director of First  Pacific,  a  Hong  Kong Stock Exchange-listed company, and a Supervisory Board Member of Rocket Internet AG, a company which provides a platform for the rapid creation and scaling of consumer internet businesses outside the U.S. and China. Mr. Nazareno's business experience spans several countries in over 40  years  and  his  exposure  cuts  across  a broad  range  of  industries,  namely  packaging,  bottling, petrochemicals, real estate and, in the last 16 years, telecommunications and information technology.

Mr. Nazareno received his Master's degree in Business Management from the Asian Institute of Management, completed  the  INSEAD  Executive  Program  of  the  European  Institute  of  Business  Administration  in Fontainebleau, France, and was conferred a Doctor of Technology degree (Honoris Causa) by the University of San Carlos in Cebu City.

## NEW NOMINEES

JUICHI UMENO , 48, Japanese, is being nominated for election to the Board as Director during the Annual Stockholders' Meeting on April 25, 2023.

Mr. Umeno joined The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi, Ltd. in 1996.  As Managing Director for MUFG Bank (Europe) N.V. ('MBE'), he is based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands since March 2021.  Mr. Umeno is responsible for leading a project management office to promote the entire program of the midterm business plan for MBE ranging from business promotion to cost optimization in order to make the organization financially viable and sustainable.

Prior to the current position, Mr. Umeno's career has been mainly around corporate center fields such as industry research, credit assessment, risk management and corporate planning. Mr. Umeno was assigned in Singapore from 2013 to 2019 and was responsible for strategic, financial planning and governance of the entire Asia region.  He also served as a director of MUFG Bank China in charge of risk management from 2020 to 2021.

Mr. Umeno graduated from Waseda University with a Bachelor of Political Science and Economics in 1996.

NOBUYA KAWASAKI, 50, Japanese, is being nominated for election to the Board as Director during the Annual Stockholders' Meeting on April 25, 2023.

Mr. Kawasaki joined The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi, Ltd. in 1997.  As Executive Officer &amp; Managing Director and Head of Global Commercial Banking Division,  he is responsible for  promoting collaborations  among MUFG and MUFG's invested financial institutions and pursuing inorganic activities for MUFG and invested financial institutions in Pacific Rim area for seven years mainly being based in Singapore.

Prior to the current position, Mr. Kawasaki served as a Managing Director in charge of M&amp;A advisory of the M&amp;A Division of Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities, one of the major subsidiaries of MUFG.

Mr. Kawasaki graduated from Keio University with a Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering in 1995 and earned a Master of Mechanical Engineering in 1997 from Keio University, Tokyo.

## CORPORATE SECRETARY

JOEL RAYMOND R. AYSON , 58, Filipino, was elected Corporate Secretary on July 19, 2004.

He is a Partner in Quasha Law (since May 1998 to the present).  He is a member of Integrated Bar of the Philippines,  First  Vice  President  and  Trustee  of  the  Philippine  Bar  Association,  member  of  Immigration Lawyers Association of the Philippines and University of the Philippines Law Alumni Association.  He is a founding member of Students Law for Integrity and Democracy - UP College of Law and the UP Association of Political Science Majors.

He is the Chairman of Unigrowth Resources &amp; Development Corporation and President and Director of Dubor Backtrenmittel  Und  Apparatebau  AG  (Philippines),  Inc.,  President  of  Bristol  Technology  System,  Vice President and Director of Amtel Trading Corporation.  He is a Director of Quo Vadis Palawan Resort, Inc., Back Office Superior Services, Inc., Asiamed Inc., Parex Realty Corporation, Trevi Foundation Philippines, Inc., and Konika Minolta Marketing Services (Philippines), Inc.

He is  also  a  Corporate  Secretary  and  Director  of  IXSFORALL,  Inc.,  Himlayang  Pilipino,  Inc.,  Himlayang Pilipino  Plans,  Inc.,  List  International,  Blue  Sky  Searesort  Corp.,  Bohol  Agro  Marine  Development  Corp., Artbank  Holdings,  Inc.,  Tembuli  Development  Corp.,  Metropolitan  Philippines  Resort  Corporation  and Corporate Secretary of Lapu-Lapu Resort Development, Inc., Bohol Resort Dev., Inc., Lapu-Lapu Resort, Nexlogic Telecommunications, Inc., SELC-Global Center Philippines Corporation.  He is a Resident Agent of Ceragon Network (HK) Ltd., Medical Services of America Inc., Tanis Food Tec BV, Wagenborg Shipping Holdings BV, Dubor RHQ, OTV France Philippines, and Rademaker B.V.

He was the Treasurer and Vice President/Director of the Integrated Bar of the Philippines, Makati City Chapter (from 2001-2009) before he assumed his position as President (from 2009 to 2011).  He is the Treasurer of Instoremedia Philippines, Inc.  His practice areas are Corporate Law, Civil Litigation, Administrative Law, Immigration Law, Insurance Law, Regulatory, General Practice and Special Projects.

He graduated Cum Laude with a degree in Political Science and took post graduate studies of Bachelor of Laws at the University of the Philippines.

## (b)  The Key Officers as of February 28, 2023

| Position  Name  Age  Citizenship  President and Chief Executive Officer  Sanjiv Vohra*  61  Indian  Executive Vice Presidents  Arnold Q. Bengco  50  Filipino  Leslie Y. Cham  57  Filipino  Lucose T. Eralil  54  Indian  Gina S. Go  62  Filipino  Joselito E. Mape  60  Filipino  Eduardo M. Olbes  52  Filipino  John Cary L. Ong  49  Filipino  Raul Martin A. Pedro  55  Filipino  Charles M. Rodriguez  58  Filipino  Takashi Takeuchi*  51  Japanese  Senior Vice Presidents  Jason T. Ang  52  Filipino  Ronald I. Austria  51  Filipino  Stephen John Bell  54  British  Nerissa Gloria C. Berba  53  Filipino  Marlette P. Brodett  51  Filipino  Abigail Marie D. Casanova  48  Filipino  Charles Malvin T. Ching  45  Filipino  Anna Christina M. Chinjen  51  Filipino  Aristotle I. Cruz  51  Filipino  Jonathan C. Diokno  49  Filipino  Daniel S. Dy*  36  Filipino  Cristina V. Henson  58  Filipino  Orencio Andrei P. Ibarra III  49  Filipino  Yoshimasa Itaka  47  Japanese  Sohel H. Kanchwala  57  Indian  Jefferson T. Ko  47  Filipino  Kim O. Lim  50  Filipino  Luis Gregorio M. Maloles  54  Filipino  Yvonne Joanna P. Marcelo  52  Filipino  Jiri Matousek  35  Czech  Patrick M. Meneses  48  Filipino  Juan A. Mestas **  40  Peruana  Maria Margarita R. Mirabueno  50  Filipino  Jorge Lindley S. Ong  50  Filipino  Rahul S. Rasal  55  Indian  Ma. Patricia N. Tan  48  Filipino  Dennis M. Tangonan  48  Filipino  Ricardo G. Torres  61  Filipino  Hirofumi Umeno  46  Japanese  Balaji Vijayan  56  Indian  Price Edward C. Yap  49  Filipino  John David G. Yap  45  Singaporean  Malcolm C. Yow  44  Australian   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Member of the BOD

** Also known as Juan Alfredo Mestas Jara

ARNOLD Q. BENGCO, 50, Filipino, is Executive Vice President and Financial Markets Segment Head.    He is a member of the Assets and Liabilities and People Empowerment Committees.

Prior  to  joining  the  bank,  he  held  the  position  of  Treasury  Technical  Consultant  in  Temasek  Holdings Singapore  (from  2021 to 2023).    He  also  held  the position  of  Emerging  Markets  FX Head  in  Barclays Singapore (from 2018 to 2019), Treasury Trading Management Vice President in OCBC Bank Singapore (from 2016 to 2017), Portfolio Manager in Dymon Asia Capital Singapore (from 2013 to 2015),  Managing

Director and Asian Currencies Trading Head in Citibank Singapore (from 2007 to 2013), Director Asia NDF (Non-Deliverable Forwards) Head  (from 2006 to 2007) and Emerging Markets Trader (from 1999 to 2006) in Citibank NA Singapore, FX trader in Citibank NA Philippines (from 1996 to 1999), and FX Trader in Far East Bank and Trust Co. (from 1992 to 1994).

He graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Applied Mathematics (Actuarial Science) from De La Salle University, Manila.  He also earned his master's degree in Business Management from Asian Institute of Management.

LESLIE Y. CHAM , 57, Filipino, is Executive Vice President and Head of the Branch Banking Group (since October 1, 2008).  He is a member of the Bank's Assets &amp; Liabilities, People Empowerment, and Anti-Money Laundering &amp; Counter Financing of Terrorism, and Occupational Safety and Health Committees.

He was a Director of SBFI, formerly known as Security Bank Savings Corporation (from 2012 to 2020).

He has over 25 years of work experience and has extensive exposure in the field of Sales, Distribution, Wealth Management, International Banking, Trust and Investment services, and Bancassurance.  Before joining the Bank, he served as Senior Vice President and Head of Sales and Distribution of Chinatrust Phils. Commercial Bank Corp. until September 2008.  He served in various positions in other institutions, including First  Vice  President  of  Standard  Chartered  Bank  (from  1999  to  2003),  Vice  President  of  Philippine Commercial International Bank (from 1997 to 1999), and Vickers Ballas Asset Management LTD PTE (from 1995 to 1997). He was an Assistant Vice President of Citytrust Banking Corporation (from 1987 to 1995).

He received a Bachelor of Science degree in Commerce, Major in Marketing Management from De La Salle University  and  completed  with  Distinction  the  one-year  course  of  the  Trust  Institute  Foundation  of  the Philippines.

LUCOSE T. ERALIL ,  54,  Indian,  is  Executive  Vice  President  and  Enterprise  Technology  and Operations Segment Head.

Mr.  Eralil  brings  with  him  30  years  of  work  experience  from  Helius  Technologies  Pte.  Ltd.,  AlphaEl Enterprises Pte. Ltd., Credit Suisse, and NIIT Ltd. He has extensive exposure in the fields in cross segment banking, product architecture, and transformation management. Prior joining the Bank, he was a Director, Consulting and Advisory for Helius Technologies Pte. Ltd.  Prior to Helius Technologies, Mr. Eralil was a Managing Director at Credit Suisse, where he was the Global Head of Technology Operations and member of the Global Technology Operations and a member of the Global Technology Management Team.

He graduated with an Advanced Diploma in Systems Management from National Institute of Information Technology,  has  Post  Graduate  Diplomas  in  Digital  Business,  Innovation  &amp;  Design  Thinking  from  the Emeritus  Institute  of  Management  and  holds  the  following  certifications:  Big  Data  Analytics  and  Data Science  Foundation,  Microsoft  Product  Specialist,  Prince  2  Foundation,  and  Blockchain  for  Technical Executives.

GINA S. GO , 62, Filipino, is Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of the Bank. She is a member of the Bank's Asset Disposal, Sustainability, Outsourcing and Integrity Committees.

She was the President  of  Security  Bank  Savings  Corporation  (now  known  as SB Finance, Inc.)  (from February 2012 to 2016).  Prior to this, she was Chief Risk Officer of the Bank (2006 to 2011) and Head of Remedial Management Division (2000-  2005).    Prior  to joining  the  Bank  in  September  2000,  she  was connected with Equitable  PCIBank where she accumulated 20 years of solid credit  experience,  having assumed  various  responsibilities  in  their  Corporate  Banking,  Middle  Market  Lending  and  Specialized Financial Services Divisions.

She graduated from the University of the Philippines with a Bachelor's Degree in Business Economics and a Master's Degree in Business Administration.

JOSELITO E. MAPE , 60, Filipino, is Executive Vice President and Senior Adviser to the Chairman (since February 1, 2023).  He was the Chief Financial Officer from January 2012 to January 31, 2020 and Chief Administrative Officer from February 1, 2020 until December 31, 2022.  He is the Chairman of Integrity and Outsourcing Committees.

He  is  a  Director  of  SB  Equities,  Inc.  (since  May  2015)  and  SB  Forex,  Inc.  (since  July  2003),  and Director/Treasurer  of  SB  Rental  Corporation  (since  May  2014).    He  is  the  Treasurer  of  SBM Leasing, Inc.  (since  2011)  and  Security  Finance  and  Leasing,  Inc.,  and  Trustee/Treasurer  of  Security  Bank Foundation, Inc. (since April 2009).  He is the Treasurer of Tany Foundation (since October  2018)  and  an Independent  Director  of  Cityland  for  Social  Progress  Foundation,  Inc. (since January 2018).

He was a Director of Security Land Corporation (from 2010 to 2015) and  SBFI (from 2018 to 2020).  Prior to joining the Bank in July 1996, he was a Senior Manager of Cityland Development Corporation's Financial Management Services Division.

He is a Certified  Public  Accountant  and graduated from the University of Santo Tomas (Cum Laude) with a Bachelor of Science degree in Commerce, Major in Accounting.

EDUARDO M. OLBES ,  52,  Filipino,  is  Executive  Vice  President  and  Chief  Financial  Officer.    He  was Executive Vice President for the Wholesale Banking Segment until January 31, 2020.  He is the Chairman of  Sustainability  Committee  and  is  also  a  member  of  the  Finance,  Assets  &amp;  Liabilities,  People Empowerment, Asset Disposal, Enterprise Control Board and Transformation and Technology Committees.

He was the Chairman of SB Rental Corporation (until May 2020) and SBM Leasing, Inc. (until May 2021). He is the Chairman of SB Equities, Inc. (since 2010).  He is a Director of SB Capital Investment Corporation (since 2010).  He is a member of the Financial Executives of the Philippines (since November 2010), the Management  Association  of  the  Philippines  (since  December  2010)  and  Philippine  Interpretations Committee (since September 2020).  He is also a Trustee of the SBC Retirement Plan (since 2011).

Prior to joining the Bank in June 2010, he held various positions in Citibank NA (Philippines) Global Banking Unit (from 2006 to 2010) including his last position as Director responsible for the local corporate unit under Citi's Global Corporate &amp; Investment Bank.  Between 2003 and 2006, he was a restructuring advisor to various Philippine-based corporates.  Previously, he worked in the Investment Banking Division of Morgan Stanley &amp; Co. in New York (from 2000 to 2003) and the Investment Banking Division of Bear, Stearns &amp; Co. Inc. in New York (from 1997 to 2000).  He worked in several areas within investment banking across various geographies  and  industries,  including  the  Global  Communications  and  Media  and  Global  Retail  and Consumer groups.

He holds a Master's degree in Finance and Management from Leonard N. Stern School of Management, New York University and a BA degree, Major in Economics from the University of California, Berkeley.

JOHN CARY L. ONG , 49, Filipino, is Executive Vice President and Transaction Banking Group/Channel Network Group Head.  He is a member of the Assets and Liabilities, People Empowerment and Anti-Money Laundering and Credit Committees.    He is the Chairman of SBM Leasing, Inc. (since January 2023), and SB Rental Corporation (since January 2023).

Prior to this, he was Head of Transaction Banking Center of Union Bank of the Philippines (from 2016 to April 2020); Country Head, Treasury and Trade Solutions (from 2013 to 2016) and Client Sales Management Head (from 2011 to 2013) in Citibank NA; Head of Trade Finance and Cash Management for Corporates (from 2006 to 2011); Head of Operations (2005); and Head of Global Markets Operations (from 2003 to 2005) in Deutsche Bank AG Manila; and Senior Banking Consultant in Misys International Banking Systems (from 2000 to 2003).

He has extensive exposure in the fields of Electronic Payments, Transaction Banking, Treasury, Trade Finance, and Fixed Income Instruments.

He graduated  Cum Laude with a Bachelor's degree in  Legal Management  from the Ateneo  de  Manila University.

RAUL MARTIN A. PEDRO , 55, Filipino, is Executive Vice President and Special Adviser to the Chairman (February 15, 2023).  He is a member of the Sustainability and Credit Committees.  He is the Chairman of SB  Forex,  Inc.  (since  May  2016).    He  is  the  Bank's  representative  to  the  Bankers  Association  of  the Philippines' Open Market Committee.

Prior  to  joining  the  Bank  in  November  2005,  he  was  a  First  Vice  President  of  Equitable  PCI  Treasury Department, Head of Foreign Fixed Income Trading and Derivatives.  He also worked as a Forward FX Trader for Deutsche Bank AG, Manila.

He holds a Master's degree in Business Administration from Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey, USA and a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from the University of the Philippines in Diliman.

CHARLES M. RODRIGUEZ ,  58,  Filipino,  is  Executive Vice President and Wholesale Banking Segment Head.  He is a member of the Bank's Assets &amp; Liabilities Committee, People Empowerment, Sustainability and the Credit Committee.  He is also a Director of SB Capital Investment Corporation (since May 2019).

Prior to joining the Bank in October 2018, he was the Acting CEO and Head of Corporate and Institutional Coverage of ANZ Banking Group Limited (from January 2010 to August 2018).  He held various positions in Far East Bank and Trust Company, FEB Investments, Inc., ABN AMRO Bank NV, and Banco De Oro Universal Bank.  He has extensive experience in Corporate and Investment Banking.

He graduated with a Master's degree in Business Administration, Major in Finance from the University of Cincinnati, USA and Bachelor of Science degree in Management Engineering from the Ateneo de Manila University, Philippines.

TAKASHI  TAKEUCHI, 51,  Japanese,  was  elected  to  the  Board  on  April  24,  2020  and  appointed  as Executive Vice President and Alliance Segment Head.  He is a member of the Bank's Assets and Liabilities, Risk Oversight, Operational Risk Management Committees (Sub-Committee of Risk Oversight Committee) and Corporate Governance Committees.

Prior to joining the Bank, he was the Deputy Head and Managing Director of Internal Audit Division  and Managing Director of Internal Audit for the Americas of MUFG Bank.  He was also the Head and Managing Director of Internal Audit Division in Tokyo, Japan (from June 2018 to September 2018); Head of Corporate Banking Department No. 2 and Managing Director Asian Corporate Banking (West) in Los Angeles, USA (from 2014 to 2017); Senior Vice President for Liaison Affairs in San Francisco, USA (from 2011 to 2014); Senior Manager of Public Relations Division in Tokyo,  Japan  (from  2007  to  2011);  Manager  of  Nagoya Corporate Banking Division No.2 in Nagoya, Japan (from 2003 to 2007); Manager of Corporate Banking Division No.6 in Tokyo, Japan (from 2000-2003); Banking Officer of Spot Desk in European Treasury Office in London, UK (from 1998 to 2000); and Banking Officer in Shinjuku-Chuo Branch in Tokyo, Japan (from 1994 to 1998).

He graduated with a Bachelor's Degree in Liberal Arts from the University of Tokyo, Japan in 1994.

JASON T. ANG , 52, Filipino, is Senior Vice President and Region 4 Head under Branch Banking Group.

He joined the Bank in 2007 as First Vice President and Area Head for Visayas and Mindanao.  Prior to this, he was Vice President and Region Head of International Exchange Bank (from 1996 to 2007).  Previously, he was with Citytrust Banking Corporation where he held various positions (from 1991 to 1996).

He graduated from the Ateneo de Davao University with a Bachelor of Science and Commerce degree, Major in Accounting.

RONALD I. AUSTRIA ,  51, Filipino, is Senior Vice President and Region 2 Head under Branch Banking Group.  He joined the Bank in November 2009 as First Vice President and Area Head.  Prior to this, he served in various positions in Standard Chartered Bank (from 1999 to 2008), PCI Bank (from 1996 to 1999, Far East Bank and Trust Company (from 1995 to 1996), and Citytrust Banking Group (from 1992 to 1995).

He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from the Ateneo de Manila University.

STEPHEN JOHN BELL , 54, British, is Senior Vice President, Senior Payment Lead and Division Head of the Channel Network Group.

Before  joining  Security  Bank,  he  held  various  positions  including  Director  at  PricewaterhouseCoopers (PWC) Vietnam (from 2018-2021); Partner at KPISOFT (Malaysia) (from 2017-2018); Head of Technology (from  2013-2016)  and  Senior  Program  Director  (from  2011-2013)  at  ANZ  Regional  Office  APEA (Singapore);  Global  Head  of  Product  at  ANZ  Group  (Australia)  (from  2009-2011);  Global  Head  of  the Program Management Office (PMO) and Head of Asia Product at HSBC Hong Kong (from 1998-2009); Assistant Vice President at Bank of America (London &amp; Hong Kong) (from 1994-1998); and Assistance Manager for Electronic Banking and Branch Banking roles at Lloyds Bank in London (from 1986-1994).

He completed the UK General Certification of Secondary Education from Shenfield Comprehensive.

NERISSA  GLORIA  C.  BERBA ,  53,  Filipino,  is  Senior  Vice  President  and  Head  of  Human  Capital Management.  She is the Chairman of Occupational Safety and Health Committee and also a member of the Bank's Integrity, Outsourcing, Sustainability and People Empowerment Committees.

Prior to this, she was Senior Vice President and Head of Human Resources of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (from 2018 to 2019); HR Director/Country Head of Deutsche Bank (from 2015 to  2018);  HR  Leader  in  Asia  in  General  Electric  (from  2010  to  2015);  Vice President-Talent Acquisition/Career  Management  in  the  Bank  of  the  Philippine  Islands (February 2010 to August 2010); Senior Vice President and Head of HR in GE Money Bank (from 2006 to 2010); First Vice President and Senior Human Relationship Manager in Standard Chartered Bank (from 2004 to 2006); Senior Business HR  Manager  in  Philips  Electronics  and  Lighting  Inc. (from  2003 to  2004);  Associate/Human  Resource Manager in Bó Lè Associated Ltd. (from 2000 to 2003); and Human Resource Manager in New Zealand Milk Products, Phils. (from 1999 to 2000).

She graduated with a Bachelor's Degree in Science, Major in Psychology, from Assumption College.

MARLETTE P. BRODETT , 51, Filipino, is Senior Vice President and Region 3 Head under Branch Banking Group.  She joined the Bank in 2004 as Senior Assistant Vice President and Area Business Manager.

Prior to joining the Bank, she was Vice President and Region Head in Maybank Philippines, Inc. (from 2003 to 2004); First Assistant Vice President in Asiatrust Development Bank (from 2000 to 2003); and Branch Head with the Bank of the Philippine Islands (from 1992 to 2000).

She graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Communication Arts from Miriam College.

ABIGAIL MARIE D. CASANOVA ,  48, Filipino, is Senior Vice President and SBFI's President and CEO since April 2020.

She joined the Bank in 2015 as First Vice President.  Her last position with the Bank was  heading  the Consumer Business and Operations Group.

She has extensive exposure in the various areas of the credit cycle for consumer finance, small business loans and credit cards.    She  has  held  key  management roles in  multinational  and domestic banks like Citibank, GE Money, and BDO.

She earned a masters-level Post Graduate Diploma in Global Business at the University of Oxford  and graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Economics (cum laude) from the University of the Philippines.  She is also a certified Six Sigma Black Belt.

CHARLES MALVIN T. CHING, 45, Filipino, is Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer (since January 2023) under Office of the Chief Administrative Office.  He is the Vice Chairman of the Asset Disposal Committee.  He is also a member of Asset and Liabilities and Outsourcing Committees.

Prior joining the bank, he was the Director/ Chief Operating Officer and headed various unit such as Legal Entity Close Manila, Head Office and Branch Reporting at Deutsche Bank Group (from 2013 to 2021).  He was also Assistant Manager and Deputy Team Lead (from 2005 to 2006), Manager and Asia Financial Reporting Production Head (from 2007 to 2008), Assistant Vice President and Head Office Migration Lead for Korea (2009), Vice President and Financial Reporting Head Korea and Hongkong (from 2010 to 2011), Senior Vice President and Corporate Reporting Production Head (from 2012 to 2013) at Citibank NA ROHQ.

He graduated with a Bachelor's Degree of Science major in Management Engineering in Ateneo de Manila University.

ANNA CHRISTINA M. CHINJEN , 51, Filipino, is Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer.

She is the Chairman of the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing of Terrorism Committee, ViceChairperson of the Sustainability Committee and member of the Outsourcing and Integrity Committees.

She is  a  Director  of  the  Association  of  Bank  Compliance  Officers,  Inc.  (ABCOMP)  and  member  of  the Bankers Institute of the Philippines (BAIPHIL).

She has 22 years of work experience, with extensive exposure in the field of financial crime compliance, risk management, corporate banking, and payment and cash management implementation.

Prior to joining the Bank, she was with The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited in various positions including Senior Vice President for Wholesale Banking &amp; Markets Advisory Lead for Financial Crimes  Compliance  (from  2017  to  2019),  Anti-Money  Laundering  Lead  (from  2016  to  2017),  Global Standards Execution Lead (from 2013 to 2016), Chief Risk &amp; Administration Officer (from 2012 to 2013), Strategy, Planning &amp; Business Management (from 2009 to 2012), Vice President for Operations, Solutions and Support (from 2006 to 2009), Assistant Vice President and Relationship Manager (from 2003 to 2006), Head of Implementation - Payments and Cash Management (from 2001 to 2003), Relationship Manager for Non-Borrowing Companies (from 2000 to 2001) and Resident Manager (from 1999 to 2000).

She graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from the University of the Philippines, Diliman.  She earned her Master's degree in Business Administration from the same university.

ARISTOTLE I. CRUZ ,  51,  Filipino,  is  Senior  Vice  President  and  Team  Head  under  Corporate  Banking Group.

Prior to joining the Bank in 2004, he held various positions in Metrobank &amp; Trust Company (from 20022004), Global Business Bank (from 2000-2002), Bank of the Philippine Islands (from 2000- 2005), Far East Bank &amp; Trust Company (from 1995-2000), First Bank (from 1994-1995), and Citibank (from 1993-1994).

He graduated with a degree in Economics from De La Salle University and earned his Master's degree in Business Administration from the Ateneo Graduate School.

JONATHAN C. DIOKNO ,  49, Filipino, is Senior Vice President and Cash Management Head under the Transaction Banking Group of the Bank.

He has extensive exposure in the field  of  cash management services, remittance origination and  retail banking.  Prior to joining the Bank in February 2019, he was First Senior Vice President and Global Filipino Banking Head of Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation (from 2017 to 2019).  He served in various positions

in Banco de Oro (from 2001 to 2016), Citibank NA (from 1999 to 2001), Standard Chartered Bank (from 1997 to 1999), and the Bank of the Philippine Islands/Citytrust Banking Corporation (from 1994 to 1997).

He graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from the University of the Philippines.

DANIEL S. DY, 36, Filipino, was elected to the Board on 27 April 2021.  He is a Senior Vice President and Group Strategy Head.  He is a member of the Transformation and Technology and the Executive Committees. He is also a Director of SBFI.

Mr. Dy has held various positions in Security Bank Corporation since he joined in March 2012.  As Group Strategy Head, he oversees various divisions, including data engineering, data analytics, data governance, and CRM.  For the past decade, Mr. Dy has worked at the intersection of business, technology, and data, taking on a range of front-office and back-office leadership roles.    Prior to moving to Manila, he was an Assistant Vice President in the Mortgage-Backed Securities Group of Trust Company of the West in Los Angeles.

He graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics - Accounting from Claremont McKenna College.

CRISTINA V. HENSON , 58, Filipino, is Senior Vice President and Operations Head.  She is a member of the Bank's Anti-Money Laundering &amp; Counter Financing of Terrorism and Occupational Safety and Health Committees.

She joined the Bank as Bookkeeper in 1988 and assumed various positions in branches and operations, including Service Channels &amp; Support Division Head and Branch Banking Operations Group Deputy Head until her appointment as First Vice President and Operations Head in 2019.  She graduated from Holy Angel University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting.

ORENCIO ANDRE P. IBARRA III , 49, Filipino, is Senior Vice President and Treasurer.  He is a member of the Assets and Liabilities and Finance Committees.

Prior to this, he was First Vice President and Head of the ALM and Trading Division.  He joined the Bank as Manager in 2000 and assumed various positions in the Treasury Group before he assumed the position of Chief Dealer in 2013.  He was also ACI Philippines (The Financial Markets Association Inc.) President in 2017, Vice President in 2016, Secretary in 2015 and a member of the BOD from 2014-2017.

He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Management Economics from the Ateneo de Manila University and a Master's Degree in Business Management from the Asian Institute of Management.

YOSHIMASA ITAKA , 47, Japanese, is Senior Vice President and Team Head of the Corporate Banking Group.

Before joining Security Bank, he held various positions at MUFG Bank, Ltd., Ho Chi Minh City (from 20192021) and MUFG Bank Brasil, Ltd. (from 2015-2019).  He rose through the ranks at the Bank of TokyoMitsubishi UFJ (from 2006-2015) and started his career at the Bank of UFJ (from 1999-2005).

He completed his degree in Environmental Engineering from Kyoto University.

SOHEL H.  KANCHWALA ,  57,  Indian,  is  Senior  Vice  President  and  Division  Head  of  the  Collections Division.

Prior to joining the Bank he was Senior Consultant for Kuwait Finance House (2019); Senior Vice President for  First  Abu Dhabi Bank (from 2017-2018); Director for Citibank N.A. Mumbai (from 2010-2017); Region Head  for  Quatrro  Risk  Management  Services  (from  2007-2010);  Senior  Managing  Consultant  for Mastercard  Worldwide-Advisors  (from  2003-2007);  Credit  and  Risk  Operations  Head for Citibank  N.A.

Manila (from 1998-2003); Senior Manager for Saudi American Bank (Citigroup) (from 1994-1997); Manager for Citibank N.A. India (from 1990-1994).

He completed his Bachelor's degree in Commerce from Kishinchad Chellaram College and his Diploma in Business Management (Finance) from Sydenham Institute of Management and Research.  He earned his Master's degree in Management Studies (Marketing) from Chetana's Ramprasad Khandelwal Institute of Management and Research.

JEFFERSON T. KO, 47,  Filipino,  is  Senior  Vice  President  and  Senior  Program  Manager  of  Financial Markets Segment.

Prior to joining the bank, he was as Head of Market Sales Group for China Banking Corporation (from 2021 to 2022).  He also held the position as Consultant at Jefferson Ko, Manila (2020), Director of Market Sales under NORD/LB Singapore (from 2015 to 2017), Senior Director and Head of Structured Products and FX under Maybank Singapore (from  2013 to 2015), Director, Structured Products under DZ Bank AG Singapore (from 2007 to 2013), Vice President, Structured Products under ING Bank NV Singapore (from 2004 to 2007) and Vice President, Sales Under ING Bank NV Manila (from 1997 to 2004).

He  graduated  with  a  Bachelor  of  Science  degree  in  Management  Engineering  from  Ateneo  de  Manila University.

KIM  O.  LIM, 50,  Filipino,  is  a  Senior  Vice  President  and  Region  Head  of  Region  1  under  the Branch Banking Group.

He joined the  bank in 2013 as Vice President/ Area  Head (from 2013 to 2017), became Vice President / Region Head in 2017 and First Vice President/ Region Head in 2018.

Prior to joining the bank, he held the position of Retail Branch Head and Area Head (from 2011 to 2013) and Retail Branch Head (from 2010 to 2011) under Hongkong Shanghai Banking Corporation Savings Bank. He also held the position of District Manager (from 2009 to 2010), Business Manager (from 2007 to 2009), Relationship Officer and OIC (from 2006 to 2007) and Relationship Officer (2006) under Citibank Savings Incorporation, Customer Service Head (from 2003 to 2006), Senior Personal Bank (from 2002 to 2003), Reserved Assistant (from 2000 to 2002), Policy Analyst (2000), Control Assistant (from 1995 to 1999) and Bank Statement Clerk (from 1993 to 1995) under Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation.

He graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Commerce Major in Accounting from Zamboanga A.E. College.

LUIS  GREGORIO  M.  MALOLES ,  54,  Filipino,  is  a  Senior  Vice  President  and  Senior  Relationship Manager/Team Head under the Corporate Banking Group.

He joined the Bank in 2016 and has extensive exposure in the field of Corporate Banking and Corporate Finance.  He was the Executive Director and Unit Head for the Local Corporates, Commodities, Trading and Agricultural client segment of Standard Chartered Bank, Philippines (from 2013 to 2015).   He also worked regionally as Director and Regional Account Manager for the Global Subsidiaries Group of Citibank Hong Kong, Ltd. (from 2011-2013) and started within the Citi Network as part of the Global Subsidiaries Group of Citibank N.A. (Philippine Branch) (from 2004 to 2013).  He is a Corporate Banking veteran having held various positions in Asia United  Bank  (from  2001  to  2004),  Banco  Santander  Philippines,  Inc.  (from 1999  to 2000),  Philippine Commercial International Bank (from 1996 to 1999), Far East Bank and Trust Company (from 1995 to 1996) and Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation (from 1992 to 1995) before transitioning to work for 11 years with multinational banks.

He  graduated  with  a  Bachelor  of  Arts  degree  in  Development  Studies  from  the  University  of  the Philippines.

YVONNE JOANNA P. MARCELO , 52, Filipino, is Senior Vice President and Head of Corporate Banking Group.  She is a member of the Assets and Liabilities Committee and an alternate member of the Credit Committee.

She joined the Bank in 2001.  Prior to her current role, she was a Team Head and Senior Relationship Manager in Corporate Banking Group.  She has extensive experience in corporate and project finance in infrastructure, real estate, power and energy, utilities, mining, and other industries.  She was Relationship Manager in Far East Bank and Trust Company (1996 to 2000), Assistant Manager in Union Bank of the Philippines (1995 to 1996), and Management Trainee and Pro-Manager in Bank of Commerce (1991 to 1994).

She  graduated  with  a  Bachelor  of  Science  degree  in  Business  Economics  from  the  University  of  the Philippines and earned units for a Master's degree in Business Administration from the Ateneo de Manila University.

JIRI MATOUSEK , 35, Czech, is Senior Vice President and Head of the Retail Transformation Group.

He first joined Security Bank as Consultant in 2021 and was Director for Asia and the Pacific at Adastra Business Consulting S.R.O. in Czech Republic (from 2011-2021).

He completed his  general  education  with  specialization  in  German  from  Gymnázium  Na  Pražačce; his Master's in Mathematical and Computer Modelling from Charles University, Prague, Czech Republic; and Mathematical Modelling from the University of Hamburg in Germany.

PATRICK M. MENESES, 48, Filipino , is Senior Vice President and Chief Data Officer of Enterprise Data Office under Office of the President.

Prior to joining the Bank, he was the Chief Data and Analytics Officer with MDI Novare (from 2021 to 2022). He also held the position of ASEAN Director of Business Solutions under SAS Institute Singapore (from 2018 to 2021), Senior Engineering Manager under General Motors (from 2012 to 2018), Senior Technical Program  Manager  under  Electronic  Arts  (from  2010  to  2012),  Senior  Technical Manager under SUN Microsystem (from 1999 to 2009), Project Manager under Hewlett-  Packard  (from  1997  to  1999)  and Operations Manager under UNILAB (from 1996 to 1997).

As an Advanced Analytics Platform Principal at General Motors Company in Austin, Texas, he designed, built, and maintained an Enterprise Data and Analytic service.  Lastly, he has extensive experience with Enterprise Data Warehouse builds and roles across other big technology companies in Silicon Valley such as Sun Microsystems and Hewlett Packard. Prior to that, he attended Purdue University at West Lafayette, Indiana, with a focus on Business Management and Communications.

JUAN A. MESTAS, 40,  Peruvian,  is  Senior  Vice  President  and  Architecture  &amp;  Integration  Head  under Information Technology Group.

Prior to joining the bank, he was the Group Head of Enterprise Architecture and Platform under Group 42, UAE (from 2021 to 2022).  He also held the position of Managing Director under PricewaterhouseCoopers, Singapore (2020), Enterprise Architecture Lead under United Overseas Bank Limited (UOB) Group Bank, Singapore ( from 2017 to 2019), Senior Manager and Digital Architecture under Allied Irish Banks PLC (AIB Bank) Ireland (from 2016 to 2017), Architecture Manager under DELOITTE &amp; TOUCHE EURORE, The Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) (from 2011 to 2016), Regional Director of Microsoft Latam (from 2007 to 2011), Software Architect under Banco Financiero (from 2004 to 2006), Oracle HLR Architect under Sixbell, Chile (from 2002 to 2004) and Senior Software Engineer under SONDA, Peru (from 1999 to 2000).

MARIA MARGARITA R. MIRABUENO , 50, Filipino, is Senior Vice President and Division Head of Wealth Management Division.

She joined the bank as Wealth Management Head and First Vice President in 2015.

Prior  to  joining  the  bank,  she  held  the  position  of  Citigold  Head  (from  2011  to  2014)  and  Investment Specialist  (from  2004  to  2010).    She  also  held  the  position  of  Investment  Officer  under  Chinatrust (Philippines) (from 1999 to 2002), Investment Officer under ALL Asia Capital &amp; Trust Corporation (1998) and Marketing Assistant under Metrobank (from 1993 to 1997).

She completed her Bachelor of Arts degree in Interdisciplinary Studies and her master's degree in Business Administration from Ateneo De Manila University.

JORGE LINDLEY S. ONG ,  50, Filipino, is Senior Vice President and Head of the Commercial Banking Group effective November 2022.  He is a member of the Bank's Credit and Assets &amp; Liabilities Committees.

He joined the Bank in 2007.  He was the Head of Kalookan and North Metro Banking Center.  Prior to joining the Bank, he was a Senior Relationship Manager in BDO Unibank (from 1995 to 2007).  He graduated from the University of Santo Tomas with a Bachelor of Science degree in Commerce.

RAHUL S. RASAL ,  55,  Indian,  is  Senior  Vice  President  and  Retail  Banking  Segment  Head  (effective January 2023).  He is a member of the Assets and Liabilities, People Empowerment and  Sustainability Committees.

Prior  to  joining  the  Bank,  he  held  such  various  positions  as  Chief  Operating  Officer  &amp;  Executive  Vice President at Future Generali India Life (from 2018-2021) and Managing Director at Citibank NA (from 19952017).

He graduated with a degree in Engineering and earned his Master's degree in Management studies from Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies at the University of Mumbai, India.

MA. PATRICIA N. TAN , 48, Filipino, is Senior Vice President and Head of Customer Segmentation Group. She is a member of the Assets &amp; Liabilities Committee

Prior to joining the Bank in 2013, she served as OFW Segment Head of Philippine National Bank (from 2006 to 2013), Marketing Head of Globe Telecom (from 2004 to 2006), and Cards Marketing Head of Union Bank of the Philippines (from 1997 to 2004).

She graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Management of Financial Institutions from De La Salle University.

DENNIS  M.  TANGONAN, 48,  Filipino,  is  Senior  Vice  President  and  Cloud  Infrastructure  Head  under Information Technology Group.

Prior to joining the bank, he held the position of Infrastructure and Operations Head for BDO Unibank, Inc. (from 2010 to 2023).  He also held the position of Assistant Vice President and Team Lead in Citibank NA Philippines and Citibank NA Singapore (from 2007 to 2009), Assistant Vice President and Team Lead in United Overseas Bank (UOB) Singapore (from 2005 to 2006), Manager 2 and Team Lead in BDO Unibank (from  2000  to  2005),  IT  Security  Officer  in  Maybank  Philippines  (from  1991  to  2000),  IT  Security Administrator in Asiatrust Bank (from 1998 to 1999), and Lead Systems Operator (from 1996-1998).

He graduated with  a  Bachelor  of  Science  degree  in  Computer  Science  from  University  of  Saint  Louis, Tuguegarao.    He  also  earned  his  master's  degree  in  Business  Administration  from  Ateneo  de  Manila University.

RICARDO G. TORRES , 61, Filipino, is Senior Vice President and Special Projects Head (effective October 2022).  Prior to joining the Bank in 2003 as Senior Assistant Vice President and IT Systems Development Head, he was IT Assistant General Manager in Saudi American Bank (from 1999 to 2003); Manager Systems

Development &amp; Support in United Saudi Bank (from 1994  to  1999);  Systems  Analyst/Programmer  and Project Manager in United Saudi Commercial Bank - SGV Arabia (from 1987 to 1994); and Technical Staff member in SGV Institute of Advanced Computer Technology (from 1985 to 1987).

He graduated from the University of the Philippines with a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering.

HIROFUMI UMENO, 46, Japanese, is Senior Vice President and MUFG Business Development Head. He is a member of the Sustainability Committee.

Prior to joining the bank, he held the position of Managing Director (from 2019 to 2022) and Director (from 2018 to 2019 under Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Bank, Limited, Singapore.  He also held the position of Senior Manager (from 2012 to 2018), Manager (from 2007 to 2012) and Officer (from 2000 to 2001) under The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi, Limited.

He earned his degree in School of Policy Studies from KWANSEI GAKUIN University (Hyogo, Japan)

BALAJI B. VIJAYAN ,  55,  Indian, is Senior Vice President and Retail Credit Risk Management Division Head.

Prior  to joining  the Bank, he held various positions including Advisor to Retail Risk Directorate of Bank Mandiri-Indonesia (from 2015 to 2020); Director and Risk Head for Middle East-Consumer Bank of Citibank NA-UAE (from 2007 to 2014); Vice President and Risk Head for Bank of Handlowy - Consumer Bank of Citibank NA-Poland (from 2004 to 2007); Vice President and Risk Head in ABN Amro Bank in Taiwan and Indonesia (from 1999 to 2003); Vice President and Credit

Policy Head in Citibank NA-Indonesia (from 1997 to 1999); various positions in Citibank NA-India (from 1990 to 1996); Account Executive in Ogilvy &amp; Mather Direct in India (1989); and Marketing Executive in Wipro Systems in India (1988).  He has extensive exposure in the field of retail credit and fraud risk.

He earned his Master's degree in Management from BITS Pilani, India.

PRICE EDWARD C. YAP , 49, Filipino, is Senior Vice President and Sales Division Head under Treasury Group.  He is a member of the Bank's Assets &amp; Liabilities Committee.

Prior  to  joining  the  Bank  in  2016,  he  accumulated  22  years  of  work  experience  from  Mitsubishi  UFJ Securities (Singapore), Ltd. (from 2011 to 2015); held various positions in Citigroup, Inc. (from 2000 to 2011); and Solid Bank Corporation (from 1997 to 2000).

He graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Management, major in Legal Management from the Ateneo de Manila University.  He earned his Master's degree in Business Administration from the Ateneo Graduate School of Business.

JOHN DAVID G. YAP , 45, Singaporean, is Senior Vice President and Group Head of Business Banking Segment effective January 2022 (former Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) Group).  He is a member of the Bank's Assets &amp; Liabilities Committee.

Prior to joining the Bank, he was based in Singapore and held regional leadership roles at Grab Finance (from 2019-2020), United Overseas Bank (from 2015-2019); Fullerton Financial Holdings (from 2010-2015); and Standard Chartered Bank (from 2005-2010).  He started his career in IT in the Philippines from 1999 to 2003.

He completed his Bachelor of Science, major in Management Information System degree from Ateneo de Manila University.  He earned his Master's degree in Business Administration from Nanyang Technological University.

MALCOLM C. YOW, 44,  Australian,  is  Senior  Vice  President  and  Retail  IT  Digital  Team  Head  under Information Technology Group.

Prior  to  joining  the  bank,  he  held  the  position  of  Centre  Director  under  Vietnam Software Development Centre Co. LTD/Vietnam (from 2020 to 2022).  He also held the position of Senior Consultant, Vietnam Delivery Centre under Hays Talent Solutions Contracted to National Australia Bank (NAB) (from 2019 to 2020), Executive Manager, Digital Delivery and Engineering under Commonwealth Bank of Australia (from 2015 to 2019), Engineering Manager, Development Manager, Team Leader, Senior IT Specialist and IT Specialist under BWA Group Services PTY Limited, Australia (from 2004 to 2015).

He graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering from University of Western Australia and holds the following certifications: 2018 Certified LeSS Practitioner, 2014 Certified Product Owner, 2012 Agile Fundamentals, and 2010 Foundation Certificate in ITIL v3.

## (c)  Significant Employees

The Bank values its human resources and considers the entire manpower force as significant employees.

## (d)  Family Relationships

Mr. Daniel S. Dy, Director, is the son of the Bank's Chairman Emeritus, Mr. Frederick Y. Dy.

## (e)  Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings

To the knowledge and information of the Bank, none of the above-named directors and executive officers have been involved in any material legal proceedings or subject to the following legal proceedings during the past five (5) years:

- a. Bankruptcy petition against any business of which such director was a general partner or executive officer whether at the time of the bankruptcy or within two (2) years prior to that time
- b. Conviction by final judgment, in a criminal proceeding, domestic or foreign or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding, domestic or foreign, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses
- c. To any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated of any court of competent jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities, commodities or banking services
- d. Being found by a domestic or foreign court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or comparable foreign body, or a domestic or Foreign Exchange or other organized trading market  or self-regulatory organization, to have violated a securities or commodities law or regulation, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated.

## (f) Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

During the last fiscal year, no director or executive officers of the Bank received any benefit by reason of a contract made with the company, a related corporation, a firm of which the director is a member or a company in which a director has a substantial financial interest.

In the ordinary course of business, the Bank has loan transactions with certain directors, officers, stockholders and related interest (DOSRI).  Under Bank policies, these loans are made substantially on the same terms as loans to other individuals and borrowers of comparable risk.  Full disclosures for these transactions were made to the BSP.  The Bank is in full compliance with the BSP regulations on DOSRI loans  and transactions. Details on related party transactions are further explained in Note 33 of the Audited Financial Statements. The Bank is not a subsidiary of any corporation.

## (g)   Resignation of Directors

No director has informed the registrant in writing that he intends to oppose any action to be taken by the registrant at the Annual Stockholders' Meeting.

## Item 10. Executive Compensation

Information as to the aggregate compensation during the last two fiscal years and to be paid in ensuing fiscal year 2023 to the Bank's Chief Executive Officer and four other most highly compensated executive officers and all other officers and directors as a group are as follows:

## Chief Executive Officer and four other most highly compensated executive officers*:

| Executive Compensation  Bonuses  Total  2023  P =79,600,000**  P =66,000,000**  P =145,600,000**  2022  67,682,000  60,501,900  128,183,900  2021  63,290,200  72,614,300  135,904,500   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Refers to Messrs. Sanjiv Vohra, Eduardo M. Olbes, Raul Martin A. Pedro, Charles M. Rodriguez and Maria Cristina A. Tingson **Estimated amount

## All officers and directors as a group unnamed:

| Executive Compensation  Bonuses  Total  Directors***  2023  P  =4,300,000,000**  P =1,500,000,000 **  P =5,800,000,000 **  P  =174,000,000**  2022  3,853,622,854  1,393,484,004  5,247,106,858  144,500,000  2021  3,293,943,688  1,302,979,365  4,596,932,053  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

**Estimated amount

***Amounts included in the total

The directors  receive  fees,  bonuses  and  allowances  that  are  already  included  in  the  amounts  stated above,  with  per  diem  of  P =22.0  million  estimated  for  2023,  P =17.3  million  per  diem  paid  in  2022  and P =14.1 million per diem paid in 2021.  The Directors receive a per diem of P =50,000.00 for attending Board meetings and P =10,000.00 -P =25,000.00 for Committee meetings.  For security considerations, the Bank decided to only disclose the amount on an aggregate basis.  Aside from the said amounts, they have no other compensation plan or arrangement with the Bank.

The executive officers receive salaries, bonuses, and other usual bank benefits that are also already included in the amounts stated above.  Aside from the said amounts, they have no other compensation plan or arrangement with the Bank.

There are no warrants or options held by the registrant's officers and directors

## Item 11. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

## (a)  Security Ownership of Certain Record and Beneficial Owners

Owners of record of more than 5% of the Bank's voting securities as of February 28, 2023 were as follows:

| Title of  Class  Name, Address or Record  Owner / Beneficial Owner  and Relationship with  Issuer  Name of  Beneficial  Owners  Citizenship  No. of shares  Held  % to  Total  Voting  Shares  Common  THE BANK OF TOKYO  MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.  (BTMU) (now known as  MUFG BANK, LTD.)  BTMU  (MUFG)  Japanese  150,707,778  8.59%  Preferred  200,000,000  11.41%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Title of  Class  Name, Address or Record  Owner / Beneficial Owner  and Relationship with  Issuer  Name of  Beneficial  Owners  Citizenship  No. of shares  Held  % to  Total  Voting  Shares  Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku,  Tokyo, Japan  Common  FREDERICK Y. DY  23F Security Bank Centre  6776 Ayala Ave., Makati City  Frederick Y.  Dy  Filipino  *  86,865,273  4.95%  Preferred  294,207,671  16.78%  Common  PCD NOMINEE  CORPORATION GF Makati  Stock Exchange Ayala  Avenue, Makati City  Various  Stockholders  Client  Filipino  ** 182,763,273  14.14%  Common  Non- Filipino  ****145,777,790  8.15%  Common  DANIEL S. DY  18F Security Bank Centre  6776 Ayala Ave., Makati City  Daniel S. Dy  Filipino  30,229,655  1.72%  Preferred  ***256,951,638  14.65%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Inclusive of 28,264,524 shares of Frederick Y. Dy lodged with PCD Nominee Corp.

**Net of 28,264,524 shares of Frederick Y. Dy and 30,229,655 shares of Daniel S. Dy

***Inclusive of 35,714,994 indirect shares/Shareholder of a corporate shareholder of Issuer

****Net of 150,707,778 shares of The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. lodged in PCD Nominee Corp. (Non-Filipino)

PCD Nominee Corporation, now known as Philippine Depository &amp; Trust Corporation (PDTC) is the registered owner of the shares in the books of the Bank's transfer agent, Stock Transfer Service, Inc.  The beneficial owners of such shares are PCD's participants, who hold the shares on their behalf or on behalf of their clients. The shares beneficially owned by participants are in individual quantities representing less than 5% of the Bank's voting securities.  The participants have the power to decide how the PCD shares are to be voted.

The Member of the BOD, Deputy President - Global Commercial Banking Business Unit and Chief Operating Officer - International  has the power to decide on how The Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ, LTD (now known as MUFG Bank, Ltd) shares in Security Bank are to be voted.

## (b)  Security Ownership of Directors and Management

I. The following are the number of shares of the Bank's capital stock (all of which are voting shares) owned of record by the directors, key officers of the Bank, and nominees for election as director, as of February 28, 2023:

## A. Title of Class: Common Stock

| Name of Beneficial Owner  Position  Citizenship  No. of  Shares Held  Nature of  Beneficial  Ownership  % to  Total  Voting  Shares  Frederick Y. Dy  Chairman  Emeritus  Filipino  86,865,273  Direct  4.95%  Alberto S. Villarosa  Chairman  Filipino  4,000,003  Direct  0.23%  Cirilo P. Noel  Vice Chairman  Filipino  10  Direct  0.00%  Diana P. Aguilar  Director  Filipino  10  Direct  0.00%  Gerard H. Brimo  Director  Filipino  10  Direct  0.00%  Enrico S. Cruz  Director  Filipino  138,010  Direct  0.01%  Daniel S. Dy  Director /Group  Strategy Head  Filipino  30,229,655*  Direct /  Indirect  1.72%  Dr. Jikyeong Kang  Director  British  10  Direct  0.00%  Napoleon L. Nazareno  Director  Filipino  10  Direct  0.00%  Alfonso L. Salcedo, Jr.  Director  Filipino  327,010  Direct  0.02%  Sanjiv Vohra  Director/  President &amp; CEO  Indian  300,010  Direct  0.00%  Jose Perpetuo M. Lotilla  Director  Filipino  3  Direct  0.00%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Name of Beneficial Owner  Position  Citizenship  No. of  Shares Held  Nature of  Beneficial  Ownership  % to  Total  Voting  Shares  Esther Wileen S. Go  Director  Filipino  10  Direct  0.00%  Juichi Umeno  Nominee  Japanese  1  Direct  0.00%  Nobuya Kawasaki  Nominee  Japanese  1  Direct  0.00%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Inclusive of 24,415,490 Indirect shares/Shareholder of a Corporate Shareholder

| Name of Beneficial Owner  Position  Citizenship  No. of  Shares Held  Nature of  Beneficial  Ownership  % to  Total  Voting  Shares  Gina S. Go  Executive VP  Filipino  32,458  Direct  0.00%  Joselito E. Mape  Executive VP  Filipino  11,619  Direct  0.00%  Eduardo M. Olbes  Executive VP  Filipino  13,500  Direct  0.00%  Charles M. Rodriguez  Executive VP  Filipino  20,000  Direct  0.00%  Abigail Marie D. Casanova  Senior VP  Filipino  2,340*  Indirect  0.00%  Aristotle I. Cruz  Senior VP  Filipino  200  Direct  0.00%  Yvonne Joanna P. Marcelo  Senior VP  Filipino  3,700  Direct  0.00%  Ma. Margarita R. Mirabueno  Senior VP  Filipino  1,080  Direct  0.00%  Ma. Patricia N. Tan  Senior VP  Filipino  15,000  Direct  0.00%  Ricardo G. Torres  Senior VP  Filipino  16,000  Direct  0.00%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Shares held by spouse

## B.   Title of Class: Preferred Stock

| Name of Beneficial  Owner  Position  Citizenship  No. of  Shares Held  Nature of  Beneficial  Ownership  % to  Total  Voting  Shares  Frederick Y. Dy  Chairman Emeritus  Filipino  294,207,671  Direct  16.78%  Alberto S. Villarosa  Chairman  Filipino  41,000,000  Direct  2.34%  Eduardo M. Olbes  Executive VP  Filipino  4,000  Direct  0.00%  Daniel S. Dy  Senior VP  Filipino  256,951,638*  Direct/Indirect  14.65%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Inclusive of 35,714,994 Indirect Shares/Shareholder of a Corporate Shareholder of the Issuer

The  aggregate  number  of  shares  owned  of  record  by  all  or  key  officers  and  directors  as  a  group  as  of February 28, 2023 is 714,129,232 shares or approximately 40.73% of the Bank's outstanding capital stock.

II. The following are the trading records of the directors, key officers of the Bank, and nominees for election as director as of February 28, 2023

## A.  Title of Class: Common Stock

| Name of Beneficial  Owner  Position  Beginning  Balance  No. of Shares  (as of  3/24/2022)  Movement  No. of  Shares (from  03/25/2022 to  02/28/2023)  Acquired  (A) or  Disposed  (D)  Ending  No. of  (as of  02/28/2023)  Frederick Y. Dy  Chairman Emeritus  86,865,273  -  -  86,865,273  Alberto S. Villarosa  Chairman  4,000,003  -  -  4,000,003  Cirilo P. Noel  Vice Chairman  10  -  -  10   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Balance

Shares

Balance

Shares

| Name of Beneficial  Owner  Position  Beginning  Balance  No. of Shares  (as of  3/24/2022)  Movement  No. of  Shares (from  03/25/2022 to  02/28/2023)  Acquired  (A) or  Disposed  (D)  Ending  No. of  (as of  02/28/2023)  Diana P. Aguilar  Director  10  -  -  10  Gerard H. Brimo  Director  10  -  -  10  Enrico S. Cruz  Director  121,010  17,000  A  138,010  Dr. Jikyeong Kang  Director  10  -  -  10  Napoleon L. Nazareno  Director  10  -  -  10  Alfonso L. Salcedo, Jr.  Director  327,010  -  -  327,010  Sanjiv Vohra  Director/President &amp;  CEO  10  300,000  A  300,010  Jose Perpetuo M. Lotilla  Director  3  -  -  3  Esther Wileen S. Go  Director  10  -  -  10  Daniel S. Dy  Director/Group Strategy  Head  30,229,655  -  -  30,229,655  Juichi Umeno  Nominee  -  1  A  **1  Nobuya Kawasaki  Nominee  -  1  A  **1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Inclusive of 24,215,490 Indirect shares/Shareholder of a Corporate Shareholder

| Name of Beneficial Owner  Position  Beginning  Balance  No. of Shares  (as of 3/24/2022)  Movement  No. of Shares  (from  03/25/2022  to 02/28/2023)  Acquired  (A)  or  Disposed  (D)  Ending  Balance -  No. of Shares  (as of  02/28/2023)  Gina S. Go  Executive VP  32,458  -  -  32,458  Joselito E. Mape  Executive VP  11,619  -  -  11,619  Eduardo M. Olbes  Executive VP  13,500  -  -  13,500  Charles M. Rodriguez  Executive VP  0  20,000  A  20,000  Abigail Marie D. Casanova  Senior VP  2,340*  -  -  2,340  Aristotle I. Cruz  Senior VP  200  -  -  200  Yvonne Joanna P. Marcelo  Senior VP  3,700  -  -  3,700  Ma Margarita R. Mirabueno  Senior VP  1,080  -  -  1,080  Ma. Patricia N. Tan  Senior VP  15,000  -  -  15,000  Ricardo G. Torres  Senior VP  11,000  5,000  A  16,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Shares held by spouse

## B. Title of Class: Preferred Stock

| Name of Beneficial  Owner  Position  Beginning  Balance  No. of Shares  (as of  3/24/2022)  Movement  No. of Shares  (from 3/25/2022  To 02/28/2023)  Acquired  (A) or  Disposed  (D)  Ending  Balance -  No. of Shares  (as of  2/28/2023)  Frederick Y. Dy  Chairman Emeritus  294,207,671  -  -  294,207,671  Alberto S. Villarosa  Chairman  41,000,000  -  -  41,000,000  Eduardo M. Olbes  Executive VP  4,000  -  -  4,000  Daniel S. Dy  Director / Senior VP  256,951,638*  -  -  256,951,638   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Inclusive of 35,714,994 Indirect Shares/Shareholder of a Corporate Shareholder of the Issuer

## C. Voting Trust Holders of 5% or more

The company is not aware of shareholders holding any Voting Trust Agreement of 5% or more or any such similar agreement.

## D. Changes in Control

There has been no change in the control of the Bank since the beginning of its last fiscal year.

## Item 12.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

During the last fiscal year, no director or executive officers of the Bank received any benefit by reason of a contract made with the company, a related corporation, a firm of which the director is a member or a company in which a director has a substantial financial interest.

In the ordinary course of business, the Bank has loan transactions with certain directors, officers, stockholders and related interest (DOSRI).  Under Bank policies, these loans are made substantially on the same terms as loans to other individuals and borrowers of comparable risk. Full disclosures for these transactions were made to the BSP.  The Bank is in full compliance with the BSP regulations on DOSRI loans and transactions. Details on related party transactions are further explained in Note 32 of the Audited Financial Statements. The Bank is not a subsidiary of any corporation.

For the period ended February 28, 2023, there were no material self-dealings or related party transactions by any director which required disclosure.

## PART IV - CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## Item 13. Corporate Governance

## a.  The  evaluation  system  established  by  the  company  to  measure  or  determine  the  level  of compliance of the BOD and top-level management with its Manual of Corporate Governance

On  December  7,  2011,  the  SEC  issued  SEC  Memorandum  Circular  No.  8  directing  all  publicly  listed companies to participate as respondents in the Corporate Governance (CG) Survey using the CG Scorecard as the survey instrument.  Accomplishment of the CG Scorecard entailed doing a self-assessment of the Bank's current corporate governance practices.  The Bank submitted the accomplished CG Scorecard on March 28, 2012, to the Corporation Finance Department of the SEC.  Out of this exercise, action programs were recommended to match best practices.

On an  annual  basis,  the  Bank  submits  to  the  SEC  the  Integrated  Annual  Corporate  Governance  report (IACGR) which is a tool to publicly disclose the Bank's compliance to the SEC Code of Corporate Governance for Publicly Listed Corporations.  It contains all relevant information and disclosures with regard to the Bank's corporate governance policies and practices for the previous year using the 'comply or explain' approach'. The IACGR is a board approved document and is signed by the Chairman of the Board, all Independent Directors, President &amp; CEO, Corporate Secretary and Compliance Officer.  It is submitted to the SEC every May 30 th , disclosed in the PSE and thereafter published in the Bank's website.

## b.  Measures being undertaken by the company to fully comply with the adopted leading practices on good corporate governance

The Bank has a Manual of Corporate Governance approved by the Board.  Every so often, amendments are made due to changes in requirements brought about by new regulations, internal policy changes or adoption of  new  best  practices.    Board  approved  revisions  are  submitted  to  the  SEC,  disclosed  in  the  PSE  and published in the Bank's website.  The last amendment was made in June 202.

Under the Bank's Manual of Corporate Governance, the Bank is led by a Board which is the highest authority in  matters  of  governance  and  in  managing  the  business  of  the  Bank.    The  Board  establishes  the  vision, strategic objectives, key policies, and procedures for the management of the Bank, as well as the mechanism for  monitoring  and  evaluating  management's  performance.    The  Board  also  ensures  the  presence  and adequacy of internal control mechanisms for good governance.

The Board is composed of fifteen (15) directors, six (6) of whom are independent directors.  The roles of the Chairman and President &amp; CEO are separate and clearly defined while the independent directors are a strong source of independent advice and judgment.  They bring considerable knowledge and experience to the Board's deliberations.

Security Bank Corporation as a bank and publicly listed corporation conducts an annual evaluation to assess the performance and effectiveness of its BOD as a whole, the individual members of the Board, the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the Corporate Secretary, the Board-level Committees, and Management-level Committees pursuant to the requirements of Section 132 of the Manual of Regulations for Banks and SEC Memorandum  Circular  No.  19,  Series  of  2016  as  duly  embodied  in  the  Bank's  Manual  on  Corporate Governance.  This activity is facilitated by the Corporate Governance Committee for the Board as a whole, the  Chairman,  Corporate  Secretary  CEO  and  Committees  while  the  Nominations  and  Remuneration Committee  is  in  charge  of  individual  directors  and  the  Chief  Executive  Officer.  Every  three  years,  the assessment is supported by an external facilitator who may be any independent third party such as, but not limited to, a consulting firm, academic institution or professional organization.

The Board meets every last Tuesday of the month in accordance with the Bank's by-laws.  A schedule of the Board meetings is presented to the new Board upon their election in April as part of the Organizational Board meeting. In 2022, the Board held a total of 13 meetings.

The attendance record of the Board members is as follows:

| Board of Directors  Attendance  Percentage  Frederick Y. Dy  12 of 13 meetings  92%  Alberto S. Villarosa  13 of 13 meetings  100%  Cirilo P. Noel  13 of 13 meetings  100%  Diana P. Aguilar  12 of 13 meetings  92%  Gerard H Brimo  13 of 13 meetings  100%  Enrico S. Cruz  13 of 13 meetings  100%  Daniel S. Dy  13 of 13 meetings  100%  Esther Wileen S. Go  13 of 13 meetings  100%  Jose Perpetuo M. Lotilla  12 of 13 meetings  92%  Napoleon L. Nazareno  11 of 13 meetings  85%  Alfonso L. Salcedo, Jr.  13 of 13 meetings  100%  Takasji Takeuchi  13 of 13 meetings  100%  Sanjiv Vohra  13 of 13 meetings  100%  Kenichi Yamato  10 of 10 meetings  100%  Hiroshi Masaki  3 of 3 meetings  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Kenichi Yamato was elected to the Board effective April 1, 2022.

Hiroshi Masaki resigned on April 1, 2022.

In compliance with the principles of good corporate governance, the Board has constituted the Corporate Governance, Nominations and Renumeration, Executive, Audit, Risk Oversight, Operational Risk Management Committee,  Trust,  Restructuring,  Related  Party  Transactions,  Finance  and  Transformation Committees to which it has delegated specific responsibilities.

The Corporate Governance Committee assists the Board in approving and overseeing the implementation of the corporate governance framework.  Responsible for ensuring the Board's effectiveness and due observance of corporate governance principles and guidelines.

| Composition  Attendance  %  Dr. Jikyeong Kang   - Chairperson  12  100%  Atty. Jose Perpetuo M. Lotilla - Vice Chairman  12  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Composition  Attendance  %  Alfonso L. Salcedo, Jr.  12  100%  Takashi Takeuchi *  8  100%  Gerard H. Brimo  11  92%  Hiroshi Masaki **  3  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Appointed as member effective April 27, 2022 (vice Director H. Masaki)

** Resigned effective March 31, 2022

## Number of meetings in 2022:  12

The Committee accomplishments include the following:

- Reviewed results of performance evaluation of Compliance Office and Chief Compliance Officer.
- Performed oversight of Compliance function, including review of the BSP Report of Examination and assessment of replies and periodic reports of the Compliance Office, monitoring of implementation of the Compliance Plan covering General Regulations and AML, evaluation of results of independent compliance testing, updates on policies and Manuals relating to Corporate Governance, Compliance Program and MLPP.
- Reviewed administrative cases and adequacy of committee charters
- Facilitated the completion of the annual corporate governance training for the directors of the Bank and its subsidiaries
- Monitored and evaluated the status updates of compliance with regulatory directives.
- Reviewed and endorsed for Board approval the Bank's 2021 Integrated Annual Corporate Governance Report
- Reviewed  the  results  of  the  annual  performance  assessment  of  the  Board,  Board  level  and Management level Committees facilitated by KPMG
- Reviewed and endorsed for Board approval the update of the Manual on Corporate Governance
- Performed oversight of bank's progress on Sustainability Transition Plan commitments and BSP 1085.
- Approved Occupational Safety and Health policies.

The Nominations and Remuneration Committee , reviews and evaluates the qualifications of all persons nominated  to  the  Board  and  other  appointments  that  require  Board  approval.    It  also  assesses  the effectiveness  of  the  Board's  processes  and  procedures  in  the  election  and  replacement  of  directors. Finally, it establishes a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy on remuneration of directors and officers to ensure that compensation is consistent with the Bank's culture, strategy and the business environment in which the Bank operates.

| Composition  Attendance  %  Atty. Jose Perpetuo M. Lotilla - Chairman  12  100%  Enrico S. Cruz - Vice Chairman  12  100%  Alberto S. Villarosa  11  92%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Number of meetings in 2022:  12

The Committee accomplishments include the following:

- Evaluated and recommended new board membership.
- Reviewed and approved senior officer new hires.
- Reviewed and approved various policies as recommended by the People Empowerment Committee relating to employee benefits.
- Reviewed manpower reports.
- Reviewed adequacy of charter and organizational structure.
- Reviewed and approved board and committee assignments, concurrent assignments within the group, executive compensation disclosures

The Executive Committee , as the highest credit decision-making body, reviews and approves proposals and transactions related to credit and works closely with the Risk Management Group in managing the overall credit risk of the Bank. Below is the composition of the Committee and attendance of the members:

| Composition  Attendance  %  Alfonso L. Salcedo Jr. - Chairman  53  100%  Cirilo P. Noel - Vice Chairman  51  96%  Sanjiv Vohra  46  85%  Alberto S. Villarosa  53  100%  Enrico S. Cruz  53  100%  Rafael F. Simpao - Advisor  52  98 %  Daniel S. Dy - Alternate  0  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Number of meetings in 2022:  53

The Committee reviewed and approved credit transactions over authority limits of Credit Committee.

The Audit Committee ,  reviews internal control and risk management systems, processes for financial control, internal and external audits, and compliance with laws and regulations.

| Composition  Attendance  %  Gerard H. Brimo - Chairman  10  100%  Enrico S. Cruz - Vice Chairman  10  100%  Cirilo P. Noel  10  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Number of meetings in 2022:   10

The Committee accomplishments include the following:

- Reviewed the performance of the Head of Internal Audit and the External Auditor.
- Reviewed the effectiveness of internal controls including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management.
- Reviewed the process of preparation of financial statements in compliance with the accounting standards and regulations.
- Monitored outstanding internal and external audit issues including whistleblowing cases.
- Reviewed and approved the Audit Plan in compliance with regulatory requirements.
- Reviewed and approved the non-audit engagements performed by the External Auditor.
- Approved the retention of External Auditor and remuneration of the Head of Internal Audit and key Internal Auditors.
- Approved and endorsed to the Board the results of Audits, Special Reviews and Self-Assessment in compliance with regulatory directives.
- Reviewed the adequacy of the Committee Charter and the Internal Audit Charter

The Risk Oversight Committee , is responsible for the following:

- Development, approval, and oversight of the risk management framework and program of the Bank and its Subsidiaries, including its implementation by management.
- Defines the SBC Group risk appetite. In setting the risk appetite, the Committee considers the business environment, regulatory landscape, and the group's long- term interests and ability to manage risk.
- Approves and oversees adherence to the risk appetite statement (RAS), risk policy and risk limits.
- Oversees the development of, approves, and oversees the implementation of policies and procedures relating to the management of risks throughout the group.

- Defines organizational responsibilities of the risk management function following the three lines of defense framework. The business line functions will represent the first line of defense; the risk management and compliance functions, the second line of defense; and the internal audit function, the third line of defense.

| Composition  Attendance  %  Enrico S. Cruz - Chairman  13  100%  Napoleon L. Nazareno - Vice Chairman  7  54%  Dr. Jikyeong Kang  11  85%  Diana P. Aguilar  4  100%  Esther Wileen S. Go  12  92%  Alfonso L. Salcedo, Jr.  12  92%  Takashi Takeuchi  13  100%  Cirilo P. Noel *  8  89%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Appointed as ROC member effective April 26, 2022 (vice Director Diana P. Aguilar)

The Committee accomplishments include the following:

- Strengthened risk management by enhancing the existing credit, market, liquidity and operational risk policies.
- Reviewed  and  approved  all  trading  activities  and  its  exceptions,  business  risk  review  relating  to business units and high-risk industries.
- Approved various credit, market, liquidity and operational risk policies to strengthen risk management practices, such as:
- Market  Risk  policies  relating  to  current  trading  and  brokering  programs  and  monitoring  of business model execution.
- Credit Risk policies for wholesale and retail lending, Approving Authorities and Credit Limits, Credit Classifications, Impairment assessment, Insurance renewal, write-off of accounts and documentary requirements for corporate and retail loans.
- Operational Risk policies relating to Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA), Fraud Risk, Compliance  Risk,  Information  Security  Risk,  Business  Continuity  Management  Framework, Client Suitability and Appropriateness Assessment and Crisis Management Policy; approval of the Outsourcing Committees third party service provider evaluation and accreditation.
- Model development and recalibration of ECL models across all credit risk taking businesses and model risk management of all risk and business models.
- Updates on market, credit and operational risks of the Bank's Trust Division and subsidiaries.
- Approved and endorsed for approval of the Board the Contingency Funding Plan appropriate for the Bank and Subsidiaries.

The Operational Risk Management Committee (a sub-committee of Risk Oversight Committee) is task with the oversight and maintenance of the company's operational risk management plan.  Operational risk  areas  include  Information  Technology  systems  and  processes,  together  with  privacy  and  network security, information security, and fraud and error losses.

| Composition  Attendance  %  Esther Wileen S. Go - Chairperson  11  100%  Enrico S. Cruz  11  100%  Napoleon L. Nazareno  7  64%  Alfonso L. Salcedo, Jr.  11  100%  Takashi Takeuchi  10  91%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Number of meetings in 2022:   11

The Committee accomplishments include the following:

- Performed oversight of Operational Risk Management function, with a focus on IT and Information Security  Risks,  including  review  of  KRAs  and  the  Key  Risk  Indicators  of  those  areas,  as  well  as monitoring and evaluation of Information Security updates, particularly in Patch Management, Asset Management / Inventory, Access Management, and Fraud Detection and Prevention.
- Reviewed  IT  and  Fraud  Incidents  (including  Phishing  and  Vhishing)  with  impact  to  the  Bank's operations, their identified root cause and the action plans formulated to address them.
- Monitored  and  evaluated  the  status  updates  of  compliance  with  relevant  standards,  especially ISO27001 and NIST.
- Approved the Social Media Framework
- Approved IT Risk Management Policy

The Trust Committee , is primarily responsible in overseeing the Trust, IMA and Other Fiduciary business of the Bank through its Trust and Asset Management Group (TAMG), including the oversight of investments of funds contributed to and held by these Trust, IMA and Other Fiduciary accounts.

| Composition  Attendance  %  Diana P. Aguilar - Chairperson  5  100%  Dr. Jikyeong Kang - Vice Chairperson  5  100%  Alfonso L. Salcedo, Jr.  4  80%  Sanjiv Vohra  4  80%  Maricar R. Lopez  5  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Number of meetings in 2022:   5

The Committee accomplishments include the following:

- Convened five (5) TC meetings in 2022 with end goals that included:
- Updating the TC on the performance (AUM and Profitability) of TAMG and to allow the TC to recommend processes and ways to improve its profitability and operational efficiencies.
- To update the TC on Market Updates, views and outlook of the Investments' Team and give its recommendation on improving return performance.
- To review the business model from time to time, considering the  product profitability and trust products  to  offer  given  the  market  developments  (high  interest  rate;  volatility  in  FI  and  Equity markets.
- To update the TC on Compliance and Risk matters arising out of TAMG investment and fiduciary activities.
- To update the TC with status on external, internal and regulatory audit related matters, Account Governance report on results of administrative and investments' review of accounts managed and administered by TAMG, update the TC members on queries raised by the Committee including updates on action items committed by TAMG that were raised and discussed during the previous meeting.
- Approved the following:
- Trust Group's 2022 Budget, AUM size, Profitability and Changes in Trust Group's Organizational Structure.
- Amendments and enhancements of Policies in the Trust Operations Manual and the Trust Risk Manual.
- Offering three (3) new UITF Variants: SB Peso Money Market Fund, SB US Technology and SB ESG Aware Equity Feeder Funds.
- Accreditation of new Debt and Equity Issuers and revalidation of existing Debt and Equity Issuers.

- Provided guidance to TAMG on the following:
- Marketing and sales initiatives, incentive programs, catch-up plans, new products new regulations and market scanning to help grow the AUM at faster pace.
- Facing challenges in the business because of market trends, market volatilities and how challenges.
- could also be opportunistic for the business.
- Addressing customer and audit concerns and issues.
- Identified process and policy enhancements from findings on industry and market scan as reported to the Committee.

The Restructuring Committee approves remedial and/or recovery strategies of the Bank for identified problem loan accounts.

| Composition  Attendance  %  Alfonso L. Salcedo, Jr. - Chairman  40  100%  Alberto S. Villarosa  40  100%  Sanjiv Vohra  38  95%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Number of meetings in 2022:   40

The Committee accomplishments include the following:

- Approved remedial and/or recovery strategies of the Bank for identified problem loan accounts.
- Confirmed approvals made by the RMD Group Head and/or President for restructuring proposals under their authorities.

The Related Party Transactions Committee ensures that transactions with related parties across the SBC Group are handled in a sound and prudent manner, with integrity and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations to protect the interest of depositors and stakeholders.

Number of meetings in 2022:  12

| Composition  Attendance  %  Dr. Jikyeong Kang   - Chairperson  12  100%  Atty. Jose Perpetuo M. Lotilla - Vice  Chairman  12  100%  Diana P. Aguilar  12  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Committee accomplishments include the following:

- Approved  updates  to  the  Related  Party  Transactions  Policy  which  is  applicable  to  SBC  and  its subsidiaries and affiliate.
- Reviewed and endorsed material RPT transactions for board approval ensuring that transactions were conducted in a manner that protected the Bank from any potential conflict of interest.
- Confirmed report of non-material RPT transactions.

The Finance Committee , is responsible for the following:

- Provides  oversight  of  the  financial  management  of  the  Group,  including  strategic  and  financial planning, the budget, capital planning and compliance with regulatory limits with respect to capital, liquidity ratios and other measures as may be required by the relevant regulatory agencies.

- With the support of the Risk Oversight Committee, it provides financial strategic direction to achieve the objective regarding investments, derivative activities, balance sheet management, interest rate and foreign risk management.
- Provides strategic direction with regard to liquidity position, including issuance of short and long-term debt, generation of short and long-term financial assets.
- Approve the sale of ROPOA as recommended by the Acquired Assets Committee for amounts P20 million and above through 2 designated Finance Committee Members
- Approve the Major Expenditures of the bank based on the Major Expenditures Policy (MEP) process for projects with total investment cost of in excess of P = 100 million up to P = 250 million.
- Endorsement to the Board for Major Expenditures of the bank based on the Major Expenditures Policy (MEP) process for projects with total investment cost of in excess P = 250 million.
- Review investor relations activities.
- Review and monitor the Company's debt ratings, dialogue with the credit agencies and bank credit arrangements.

| Composition  Attendance  %  Cirilo P. Noel - Chairman  18  100%  Enrico S. Cruz - Vice Chairman  18  100%  Alberto S. Villarosa  18  100%  Sanjiv Vohra  17  94%  Eduardo M. Olbes  18  100%  Diana P. Aguilar *  11  79%  Andre P. Ibarra **  13  93%  Raul Martin A. Pedro ***  4  100%  Joselito E. Mape ***  4  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Appointed as member on April 26, 2022

** Appointed as member in May 2022

*** Committee member from January - April 2022

## Number of meetings in 2022:   18

The Committee accomplishments include the following:

- Reviewed and endorsed to the Board the strategic initiatives, financial performance, and budget plan
- Approved sale of ROPA and NROPA as recommended by the Asset Disposal Committee
- Assessed  impact  and  proposed  mitigation  to  address  various  market,  competitive,  legislative developments on the Bank's financials
- Reviewed and endorsed to the Board, jointly with Risk Oversight Committee, the Bank's ICAAP and Capital Recovery Plan based on BSP prescribed parameters
- Approved  and  endorsed  to  the  Board  the  dividend  policy  for  the  Bank's  common  and  preferred shareholders
- Reviewed monthly and quarterly performance of the Bank and business segments
- Reviewed quarterly performance strategy execution and subsidiary performance
- Assessed and approved the major expenditures of the Bank on both the strategic and major initiatives
- Approved the Major Expenditures of the bank for projects with total investment cost in excess of P =100 million up to P =250 million
- Reviewed and endorsed to the Board projects with total investment cost in excess of P =250 million
- Reviewed and updated the FINCOM Charter and KRAs
- Approved  the  Amendment  of  the  Acquired  Asset  Committee  (AAC)  Charter  (now  Asset  Disposal Committee)
- Approved and endorsed to the Board the Amendment of the Asset and Liabilities Committee Charter

The Transformation and Technology Committee is overseeing the development and implementation of strategy, transformation, innovation and information technology initiatives of the Bank and its subsidiaries and affiliates, in support of the Group's vision, mission and strategic objectives.

| Composition  Attendance  %  Esther Wileen S. Go - Chairperson  11  100%  Napoleon L. Nazareno - Vice Chairman  8  73%  Cirilo P. Noel  10  91%  Sanjiv Vohra  10  91%  Daniel S. Dy  10  91%  Eduardo M. Olbes  10  91%  Lucose T. Eralil  4  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Number of meetings in 2022:   11

The Committee accomplishments include the following:

- Reviewed all major strategy, transformation, and information technology initiatives in terms of strategy, culture, process, leadership, technology, and structure.
- Monitored  the  implementation  and  execution  of  various  strategic,  transformation  and  information technology initiatives and projects across the Bank based on goals, cost and benefits defined in the MEP and the SMART goals (Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, Time-Bound).
- Reviewed  and  recommended  the  Board  approval  the  Transformation  Roadmap,  Information technology Architecture and Strategic Plan.
- Reviewed, approved, and monitored IT policies, procedures, guidelines and standards.
- Reviewed and approved the amendments of the TTC charter.
- Regularly  reviewed  performance  metrics  of  critical  information  technology,  communications,  and network systems.
- Monthly  review  of  performance  metrics  of  critical  information  technology,  communications,  and network systems.
- Quarterly review of the Tech Strategic Roadmap.
- Monthly oversight on the strategic and major initiatives approved by the ECB.
- Monthly  review  and  assessment  on  the  implementation  and  execution  of  various  strategic, transformation and information technology initiatives and projects across the Bank.

In line with its commitment to continually improve Corporate Governance practices, the Bank also has several committees constituted and chaired by management directed towards managing, implementing strategy  and  corporate  directions  consistent  with  the  principles  behind  various  board-constituted committees.  These are the Credit Committee, Acquired Assets Committee, Assets &amp; Liabilities Committee, People Empowerment  Committee, Anti-Money Laundering Committee, Integrity Committee and Outsourcing Committee.

## c.   Any deviation from the company's Manual of Corporate Governance.   It shall include a disclosure of the name and position of the person/s involved, and the sanction/s imposed on said individual

The Bank is in full compliance to it's Manual of Corporate Governance.

## d. Any plan to improve corporate governance of the company

The Group is in full compliance with the provisions of the Board-approved Manual of Corporate Governance which is a compilation of policies on the compliance system, ensuring disclosure and transparency to uphold the rights of the Bank's stakeholders.  The Bank's Manual on Corporate Governance is also being reviewed annually or as the need arises for possible revision, to conform with best market practices on corporate governance or comply with new rules and regulations issued by any regulatory body.

Likewise, the Bank complies with the requirements of the SEC, BSP, and Philippine Stock Exchange as embedded in its responses to the IACGR submitted to the SEC on a yearly basis.  The Bank also participates in the Annual ASEAN Corporate Governance Scorecard (ACGS) initiative which assesses and ranks publicly listed corporations based on its corporate governance practices.  In January 2023, the Bank received a three arrow recognition award as a testament to its performance in the 2021 assessment.

On April 26, 2022, members of the Board as well as advisors and senior officers of the Bank attended the Annual Corporate Governance Training Program, a four-hour session conducted by SGV &amp; Co.

The Bank also has a dedicated Corporate Governance head under the Compliance team to help address corporate governance issues.

## PART V - EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES

## Item 14. Exhibits and Reports on SEC Form 17-C

## (a)  Exhibits - Please refer to the Index to Exhibits on page 63

The other exhibits as indicated in the Exhibit Table of Revised Securities Act Forms are either not applicable to the Bank or require no answer.

## (b)   Reports on SEC Form 17-C

The following reports on SEC Form 17-C were filed in the last six months of 2022 and in the first quarter of 2023:

| DATE  ITEM  7/1/2022  Amendment to update data on Hiring of 2 Senior Officers and Promotion of 3 Senior  Officers  7/4/2022  Press Release - 'Security Bank offers peso bonds '  7/15/2022  Effective Date of Appointment of Officer  7/18/2022  Resignation of Officer  7/20/2022  Press Release - 'Security Bank issues PHP16 billion worth of Corporate Bonds due  2024"  8/2/2022  Change in Shareholdings of a Director and Principal Officers  8/8/2022  Effective Date of Appointment of Officer  8/9/2022  Balance Sheet (Consolidated and Bank Proper) as of June 30, 2022  8/11/2022  Notice of Analysts'/Investors' Briefing  8/15/2022  Press Release - "Security Bank net income up 100% to PHP6.2 billion in H1-2022"  8/15/2022  Quarterly Report  8/15/2022  Resignation of Officer  8/30/2022  Hiring of Officer  9/27/2022  Change of Assignment  10/17/2022  Press Release - 'Security Bank offers peso bonds."  10/21/2022  Effective Date of Appointment of Officer  10/25/2022  Hiring of Officers  10/25/2022  Cash Dividend Declaration - Common Shares  11/10/2022  Press Release - "Security Bank issues PHP14.6 billion worth of Corporate Bonds due  2024"  11/10/2022  Notice of Analysts'/Investors' Briefing  11/11/2022  Press Release - "Security Bank net income up 77% to PHP8.6 billion in first nine  months of 2022'  11/11/2022  Quarterly Report  11/29/2022  Change of Assignment  12/12/2022  Balance Sheet (Consolidated and Bank Proper) as of September 30, 2022  1/4/2023  Retirement of Officer  1/23/2023  Resignation of Officer   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| DATE  ITEM  1/24/2023  Hiring and Change of Assignment of Officers  1/24/2023  Notice of Annual Stockholders Meeting  1/25/2023  Resignation of Officer  2/6/2023  Balance Sheet (Consolidated and Bank Proper) as of December 31, 2022  2/27/2023  Notice of Analysts'/Investors' Briefing  2/28/2023  Hiring of Officer  2/28/2023  Nomination of Directors for election by shareholders of Security Bank Corporation  during the Annual Stockholders Meeting  2/28/2023  Cash Dividend Declaration - Preferred Shares (unlisted)  3/1/2023  Press Release entitled "Security Bank net income up 53% to PHP10.6 billion in 2022"  3/1/2023  Audited Financial Statements Of Security Bank Corporation And Subsidiaries 2022  3/16/2023  Change in the shareholdings of a Director and Principal Officer  3/28/2023  Cash Dividend Declaration - Common Shares  3/28/2023  Hiring and Change of Assignments of Senior Officers   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 17 of the Code and Section 141 of the Corporation Code, this report is signed on behalf of the issuer by the undersigned , thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Makati on

By:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Sanjiv Yohra

Principàl Executive Officer Principal Operating Officer

Eduardo M. Olbes Principal Financial Officer

Joel Raymond R. Ayson Corporate Secretary

Milarey M. Wee Principal Accounting OfficerIComptroller

<!-- image -->

## SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN to before me this 1

NAMES Sanjiv Vohra Eduardo M. Olbes Joel Raymond R. Ayson Milarey M. Wee

ID NUMBERS

74836868

P811667OA

P1101504B

P22294808

<!-- image -->

flants exhibiting to me their Passport, as follows:

DATE OF ISSUE

PLACE OF ISSUE

June 27, 2018

March 19,2019

July 27 2018

May

<!-- image -->

Doc. No : [b Page No:: Bock No:: Series of

UNTIL DECEMBER 31,2024 APPOINTMENT No M-386; ROLL No. 65865 IBP No 268252; 01/04/2023; PPLM CHAPTER 2OFF SECURITY BANK CENTRE, 6776 AYALAAVE , MAKATI CITY

Singapore

Manila City

Manila City

Manila City

## Index to Exhibits

## Form 17-A Item 14

| Exhibit Number  Page  (1)  Subsidiaries of the Registrant  64  (2)  List of Bank-owned Branches  65  (3)  List of Leased Branches  66  (4)  Table of Organization  75   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Exhibit (1):   Subsidiaries of the Registrant

Security Bank Corporation's subsidiaries and joint ventures include:

| Percentage  Ownership  Subsidiaries  SB Capital Investment Corporation and Subsidiaries  100%  SB Rental Corporation  100%  SB Equities, Inc.  100%  SB International Services, Inc. (pre-operating stage)*  100%  SB Cards Corporation ***  100%  SB Forex, Incorporated**  100%  Security  Finance  and  Leasing  Inc.  (formerly  Landlink  Property  Investments (SPV-AMC)***  100%  Joint Ventures  SBM Leasing, Inc.  60%  SB Finance, Inc.  49.96%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Corporate term ended December 31, 2021, awaiting clearance from regulatory agencies.

**Corporate term ended February 28, 2022,  awaiting clearance from regulatory agencies.

***With BOD approval to shorten corporate life on December 31, 2023

Exhibit (2): List of Bank-owned Branches as of December 31. 2022

| Branch  Address  1  Alabang  235 Montillano St., Rotonda Alabang-Muntinlupa MM  2  Angeles  SBC Building, Mc. Arthur Highway, Balibago, Angeles City  3  Bacolod-North Drive  SBC Bldg., BS Aquino Drive corner Hilado Extension, Bacolod City  4  Baguio  SBC Bldg., corner Chugum and Abanao Sts., Baguio City  5  Batangas  Rizal Avenue near cor. P. Zamora St., Batangas City  6  BF Homes - Parañaque  SBC Bldg., President's Avenue. BF Homes, Parañaque City  7  Binan  National Highway, Barrio San Vicente, Binan, Laguna  8  CDO - Osmena  Sergio Osmena St., Cagayan De Oro City  9  CDO - Velez  A. Velez corner Montalban St., Cagayan De Oro City  10  Commonwealth  SBC Bldg., Lot 10, Block 9, Commonwealth Avenue, Quezon City  11  Concepcion  612 JP Rizal St., Concepcion, Marikina City  12  Dagupan  SBC Bldg., MH Del Pilar St., Dagupan City  13  Dasmarinas  Gen. Emilio Aguinaldo Highway, Dasmarinas, Cavite  14  Davao - Main  No. 358 R. Magsaysay Avenue, Davao City  15  Davao - Monteverde  Monteverde corner Bruno Gempesaw Sts., Davao City  16  Davao - Panabo  Quezon Blvd., Panabo City, Davao Del Norte  17  Del Monte  G/F SBC Bldg., Lot 19, Blk. 344 Del Monte Ave., Quezon City  18  Edsa Magallanes  EDSA cor. Magallanes Ave., Brgy. Magallanes, Makati  19  General Santos  Lot 1341 Ireneo Santiago Blvd., Gen. Santos City  20  Guadalupe  No. 2185 Magsaysay St., Guadalupe, Makati City  21  Head Office (CCAD)  6776 Ayala Avenue, Makati City  22  Iligan  Quezon Avenue corner Miguel Obach St., Poblacion, Iligan City  23  Kalookan  No. 266 Rizal Avenue Extension, between 5th and 6th Ave.,  Grace Park,  Kalookan City  24  Lipa  CM Recto Avenue, Lipa City, Batangas  25  Malabon  No. 2  Manapat St corner Rizal Avenue extension., Malabon City, MM.  26  Medical Plaza Makati  G-103 Medical Plaza Bldg., Dela Rosa corner Amorsolo Sts., Makati City  27  Montalban  J.P. Rizal Ave., Manggahan, Montalban, Rizal  28  Novaliches - Bayan  897 Quirino Hi-way,  Brgy.Gulod,  Novaliches, Q.C.  29  Pandacan  No. 2339 Palumpong St., Pandacan, Manila  30  Pasay Libertad  Libertad corner Colayco Sts., Pasay City  31  Paseo de Roxas  Corporate Business Center, No. 151 Paseo De Roxas cor. Arnaiz Ave., M.C  32  Roman Square  Roman Square Bldg., No. 979-981 Soler corner Roman St., Binondo,  Manila  33  Rosario  G/F SBC Bldg., Gen. Trias Drive, Rosario, Cavite  34  Salcedo  LPL Plaza Bldg., No. 124 L. P Leviste St., Salcedo Village, Makati City  35  Sampaloc  1700 G. Tuazon St. cor M. Dela Fuente St., Sampaloc, Manila  36  San Pedro  Mabini Street, Poblacion, San Pedro, Laguna  37  Sta. Rosa  Brgy. Pulong , Sta. Cruz, Sta. Rosa, Laguna  38  Sucat  SBC Bldg., Dr. A. Santos Ave. cor. St. Peter St., Sucat, Paranaque City  39  Tagaytay  SBC Bldg., Aguinaldo Highway, Mendez Crossing, Tagaytay City  40  Taytay - Ortigas Extension  SBC Bldg., Km. 23, Ortigas Avenue Extension, Taytay, Rizal  41  Tektite  G/F East Tektite Towers, Exchange  Road., Ortigas Center, Pasig City  42  Tuguegarao  A. Bonifacio corner Washington Sts., Tuguegarao, Cagayan  43  Zamboanga  Veterans Avenue, Zamboanga City.  44  Ylaya - Tondo  No. 938, Ylaya Street, Tondo, Manila City   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Sta. Rosa - Balibago branch was consolidated last April 2022 with Sta. Rosa branch

Exhibit (3): List of Leased Branches as of December 31, 2022

| Branch  Address  Start of  Contract  End of  Contract  Lease  Term  (Years)  Rent for the  year ended  December  2022  (all in  P =)  Leased Branches  1  A. Linao-  Paco  Units 1644 and 1646 along Angel Linao St., Paco,  Manila  10/26/2021  10/25/2026  5  850,716  2  Acropolis  E. Rodriguez Jr. Ave. (C-5), Libis, Quezon City  4/1/2019  3/31/2024  5  3,590,118  3  ADB Avenue  G/F, AIC Empire Tower, ADB Avenue corner  Sapphire Road, Ortigas Center, Pasig City  5/1/2022  4/30/2027  3  2,826,885  4  Adriatico - P  Faura  1325 M. Adriatico St., manila  10/15/2019  10/14/2024  5  2,894,723  5  Alabang  Acacia  G/F Kingston Tower, Acacia Ave., Madrigal  Business Park, Alabang, Muntinlupa City  10/15/2021  10/14/2026  5  3,530,140  6  Alabang-  Insular  Insular Life Corporate Centre, Insular Life Drive,  Filinvest Corporate City, Alabang, Muntinlupa  4/1/2021  3/31/2024  3  4,028,577  7  Alabang -  Northgate  Indo-China Drive, Northgate Cyberzone, Filinvest,  Alabang, Muntinlupa City  1/1/2021  12/31/2025  5  2,075,643  8  Ali Mall  Level 2 Alimall Phase II, Brgy Socorro, Cubao,  Quezon City  10/1/2021  9/30/2022  1  2,279,520  9  Alicia -  Isabela  National Highway (Maharlika Highway), Poblacion,  Alicia, Isabela  8/1/2021  7/31/2024  3  765,769  10  Angeles - Mc.  Arthur  Highway  McArthur Highway cor. San Pablo Street, Angeles  City, Pampanga  5/1/2018  4/30/2023  5  1,722,546  11  Angeles -  Sto.Rosario  292 Sto Rosario Street, Angeles City  8/16/2022  8/15/2023  1  1,935,694  12  Antipolo  CMDL Bldg., Circumferential Road, Brgy. San  Roque, Antipolo Rizal  1/1/2022  12/31/2024  3  1,362,452  13  Arnaiz  Avenue  920-922 Pasay Road, Makati City  11/15/2019  11/14/2024  5  2,578,130  14  Aseana City  Aseana One Building, Bradco Avenue, Aseana  City, Parañaque City  1/15/2021  1/14/2026  5  4,993,596  15  Aseana  Square  Units 3 &amp; 4, Aseana Square Building,   Macapagal  Blvd., Aseana City, Parañaque City  6/15/2022  6/14/2027  5  2,613,982  16  Ayala -  Rufino  6797 Ayala Avenue., Makati City  10/1/2022  9/30/2027  5  47,373,952  17  Ayala  Alabang  El Molito Bldg.,  Madrigal Business Park, Madrigal  Avenue, Ayala Alabang,  Muntinlupa City  6/1/2022  5/31/2027  5  7,505,111  18  Bacolod -  Lacson  Ground Floor, Insular Life Building, Lacson corner  Galo Street, Bacolod City  7/1/2020  6/30/2025  5  1,335,817  19  Bacolod -  Mandalagan  Ground Floor, O Residences, Lacson Street,  Mandalagan, Bacolod City  1/1/2021  12/31/2025  5  925,174  20  Baguio BGH  Rotonda  CYA Centrum Building, Military Cut-Off Road,  Baguio City  5/1/2021  4/30/2024  3  1,055,754  21  Balanga  Capitol Drive near corner Sampaguita St., San  Jose Balanga City, Bataan 2100  4/1/2017  3/31/2027  10  805,367  22  Baliwag  D' Eminent Place, Doña Remedios Trinidad  Highway Pagala, Baliwag, Bulacan  7/27/2020  7/26/2025  5  2,135,280  23  Balut  No. 49 Honorio Lopez Blvd., corner Rosario  Nicasio St., Balut, Tondo, Manila  9/1/2022  8/31/2027  5  1,368,271  24  Bambang  Oroquieta St. corner Bambang, Sta. Cruz, Manila  8/1/2020  7/31/2023  3  1,689,820  25  Banawe -  Kitanlad  Nos. 34-36 Banawe corner Kitanlad Sts., Quezon  City  6/1/2020  5/31/2025  5  3,513,305  26  Banawe -  Malaya  G/F GLC Building, Banawe Ave. cor Malaya Street,  Quezon City  10/15/2022  2/28/2023  0.375  2,101,080  27  Banawe -  Quezon Ave.  No. 247-249 Banaue Street, Barangay Lourdes,  Sta. Mesa Heights, Quezon City  11/16/2022  10/15/2023  1  1,809,469  28  Bangoy -  Chinatown  2nd Floor, Yahu Plaza, Bangoy Street, Davao City  4/16/2021  4/15/2026  5  1,666,980  29  Batino -  Calamba  G/F City Gold Bldg., Calamba Premier Industrial  Park Complex  - Batino, Calamba, Laguna  4/3/2018  4/2/2023  5  1,035,586  30  Bel-air  No. 40, Jupiter St., Bel-air, Makati City  9/8/2021  9/7/2024  3  1,447,303  31  Benavidez  1264-66 Benavidez St., Sta Cruz, Manila  9/1/2018  8/31/2023  5  1,307,933   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Branch  Address  Start of  Contract  End of  Contract  Lease  Term  (Years)  Rent for the  year ended  December  2022  (all in  P =)  32  BF  Parañaque-  Aguirre  No. 178 Aguirre Avenue, BF Homes, Parañaque  City  7/1/2021  6/30/2026  5  1,924,633  33  BF Resort -  Las Piñas  #21  &amp; 23 One Princeway Bldg., BF Resort Drive,  BF Resort Village, Las Piñas City  3/16/2022  3/15/2025  3  1,363,185  34  Bicutan  #39  Doña Soledad Ave., Better Living, Parañaque  City  12/16/2013  12/15/2023  10  1,046,883  35  Binondo  Nos. 463-469 Ewan Bldg., Quintin Paredes St.,  Binondo, Manila  5/1/2021  4/30/2026  5  10,998,435  36  Blumentritt  Chinese Gen. Hospital, Blumentritt cor. Aurora  Blvd., Sta. Cruz, Manila  9/16/2022  9/15/2027  5  5,302,167  37  Bocaue  McArthur Highway, Wakas  Bocaue, Bulacan  2/16/2017  3/15/2027  10  1,070,157  38  Boni Avenue  Unit No. 3 Bonifacio Residences Condo, 612 Boni  Ave. corner Sikap Street., Mandaluyong City  12/1/2021  11/30/2023  2  1,521,450  39  Buendia -  Dian  Omron Building, No. 40 Buendia Avenue, Brgy. San  Isidro, Makati City  8/22/2022  8/21/2027  5  2,520,332  40  Bukidnon  Valencia  Sayre Highway, Poblacion, Valencia City, Bukidnon  11/22/2016  11/21/2026  10  1,680,872  41  Butuan  J.C. Aquino Ave., Butuan City, Agusan del Norte  11/2/2021  11/1/2026  5  1,208,110  42  C. Palanca-  Quiapo  302 - 304 C. Palanca (Echague) corner P. Gomez  Street, Quiapo, Manila  6/15/2022  5/31/2027  5  1,616,913  43  Cabanatuan  Dr. D Building, Del Pilar Street, Cabanatuan City,  Nueva Ecija  4/1/2020  3/31/2025  5  1,245,000  44  Cabanatuan -  Maharlika  Km 112 Maharlika Highway, Cabanatuan City  6/1/2018  5/31/2023  5  1,502,216  45  Calamba  Crossing  National Highway, Crossing, Calamba, Laguna  11/1/2020  10/31/2025  5  2,228,211  46  Calamba  LISP  MDC Building, National Highway, Malihan Manoto  Subdivision, Brgy. Real, Calamba City  3/1/2016  2/28/2026  10  915,276  47  Calapan  G/F H&amp;M Center Bldg. J. P Rizal St., Brgy.  Camilmil, Calapan City, Oriental Mindoro  7/25/2022  7/25/2027  5  1,098,878  48  Caloocan-  10th Ave.  Unit 488-490, Rizal Avenue Ext. cor, 10th Avenue,  Caloocan City  5/1/2017  4/30/2025  8  1,533,196  49  Caloocan-A.  Mabini  GF, One Aster Place, A. Mabini Street, Caloocan  City  9/4/2021  9/3/2023  2  1,678,649  50  Capitol Hills  Fairway Residences Condo - Capitol Hills Drive  corner Alpha Road, Capitol Hills, Quezon City  10/1/2022  9/30/2027  5  2,664,455  51  Carmelray I  The Junction Strip Mall Wisdom Avenue corner  Knowledge Avenue, Carmel Town, Canlubang,  Calamba, Laguna  5/1/2021  4/30/2026  5  1,666,800  52  Carmelray II  Unit 4, Admin. Building, Carmelray Industrial Park II,  Calamba, Laguna  4/1/2021  3/31/2024  3  1,400,023  53  Carmona  Ground Floor 88 Building, Governor's Drive,  Maduya, Carmona, Cavite  7/30/2021  7/29/2026  5  697,631  54  Catarman  G.H. Del Pilar corner Marcos Sts., Catarman,  Northern Samar  9/1/2022  8/31/2029  7  658,988  55  Cauayan  #076 Maharlika Highway, Cauayan City, Isabela  7/1/2016  6/30/2026  10  1,087,731  56  CDO -  George Town  Cybermall  Georgetown Cybermall, Rodolfo Pelaez Blvd.,  Kauswagan, Cagayan De Oro  8/1/2018  7/31/2023  5  1,996,676  57  CDO -  Limketkai  1st Level, East Concourse Annex Bldg., Limketkai  Mall, Cagayan de Oro City  8/22/2021  7/31/2024  3  2,351,683  58  Cebu A.S.  Fortuna  TPR Building, A.S. Fortuna St., Banilad, Cebu City  4/25/2019  4/24/2024  5  994,284  59  Cebu  Business  Park  Mindanao Ave., Cebu Business Park, Cebu City  8/15/2022  8/14/2027  5  4,931,028  60  Cebu Danao  Princetown Danao, Juan Luna Street, Danao City,  Cebu  3/1/2022  2/29/2024  2  651,166  61  Cebu IT Park  G/F Shops 7 &amp; 8, SKYRISE 4B, Cebu I.T. Park  Subdivision Barangay Apas Cebu City  11/21/2020  11/20/2025  5  2,758,800  62  Cebu Mactan  Island Central Mactan IT Complex, Mactan  Economic Zone, M.L. Quezon National Highway,  Pusok, Lapu-lapu City, Cebu  1/7/2022  1/6/2027  5  1,704,918   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Branch  Address  Start of  Contract  End of  Contract  Lease  Term  (Years)  Rent for the  year ended  December  2022  (all in  P =)  63  Cebu  Mandaue  Tipolo Square, Mandaue Highway, Tipolo,  Mandaue City, Cebu  12/15/2022  12/14/2027  5  1,166,529  64  Cebu  Osmena  Osmena Boulevard, Cebu City  8/1/2022  7/31/2023  1  2,292,704  65  Cebu Juan  Luna  Osmena Boulevard, Brgy. Señor Santo Niño, Cebu  City  3/17/2021  3/16/2023  2  1,101,469  66  Chino Roces  - Don Bosco  2224 Chino Roces Avenue cor Don Bosco St.,  Makati  5/1/2018  4/30/2023  5  2,388  67  Clark -  Angeles  Unit 03, Ground Floor, Clark Center 10, Berthaphil  III, Jose Abad Santos Avenue, Clark Freeport,  Philippines, Clark Freeport Zone, Philippines  5/1/2019  4/30/2029  10  2,388,427  68  Clark -  Medical City  100 Gatwick Gateway, Sabah Al-Ahmad, Global  Gateway Logistics City, Industrial Estate 5, Clark  Freeport Zone, Pampanga  6/16/2020  6/15/2025  5  2,352,046  69  Congression  al  Congressional Avenue corner EDSA, Quezon City  12/8/2020  12/7/2025  5  1,704,155  70  Congression  al Tower  Congressional Town Center, No. 23 Congressional  Avenue, Brgy. Bahay Toro, Quezon City  10/17/2020  10/16/2023  3  1,846,945  71  Connecticut  Northeast Square Bldg., #47 Connecticut Street,  Northeast Greenhills, San Juan City  9/1/2022  8/31/2032  10  2,979,220  72  Cotabato City  GF, RO-MA Bldg., #020 Sinsuat Avenue, Poblacion  6, Cotabato City  9/27/2018  9/26/2023  5  1,140,891  73  Cubao  Quezon Theater Bldg., Gen. Roxas St., Araneta  Center, Cubao, Quezon City  11/1/2021  10/31/2026  5  2,594,016  74  Dagupan -  Lucao  Dagupan-Binmaley Road, Lucao District, Dagupan  City, Pangasinan  5/1/2016  4/30/2026  10  1,026,121  75  Dasmariñas -  FCIE  Governor's Drive, Dasmariñas, Cavite  10/1/2021  9/30/2024  3  1,680,000  76  Davao -  Bajada  BI Zone - Phase 2, J. Laurel Ave., Bajada, Davao  City  10/1/2018  10/1/2023  5  2,163,011  77  Davao -  Lanang  J.P. Laurel Ave., Insular Village, Phase 2, Lanang,  Davao City  7/1/2022  6/30/2027  5  1,363,399  78  Davao -  Matina  GF, Plaza Luisa II, Matina IT Park, McArthur  Highway, Matina, Davao City  9/27/2018  9/26/2023  5  1,459,379  79  Davao - Rizal  Anda corner Rizal Sts., Davao City  4/1/2022  3/31/2027  5  1,211,962  80  Davao - Toril  Mars Building, Saavedra Street, Toril, Davao City  5/15/2018  5/14/2023  5  923,351  81  Dela Rosa  G/F King's Court II Bldg., 2129 Pasong Tamo cor.  Dela Rosa Sts., Makati City  4/1/2018  3/31/2023  5  5,288,452  82  Digos  Poblacion, Digos City  6/1/2018  5/31/2023  5  1,261,620  83  Diliman -  Matalino  No. 24 Matalino St., Brgy Central,  Dist IV, Quezon  city  7/2/2018  7/1/2023  5  2,676,892  84  Dipolog  Quezon Avenue, Dipolog City  8/20/2013  8/19/2023  10  519,220  85  Divisoria  Pasilio A. Ledesma Bldg., No. 853 Tabora St.,  Binondo, Manila  7/1/2022  6/30/2027  5  1,510,491  86  Divisoria -  Sto. Cristo  Sto. Cristo Street, Manila  5/2/2019  5/1/2024  5  1,495,547  87  Don Antonio  Heights  Unit 2 L24, B6 Don Antonio Heights, Holy Spirit  Drive, Brgy Holy Spirit, Quezon City  8/5/2021  8/4/2026  5  2,624,933  88  Dumaguete  Portal West Bldg., Silliman Ave. cor. Hibbard  Avenue, Dumaguete City  2/1/2021  1/31/2024  3  1,614,710  89  E. Rodriguez  Unit No. 6, GF Athens Tower, The Capital Towers,  E. Rodriguez Sr. Avenue, Quezon City  4/1/2019  3/31/2024  5  1,857,694  90  E. Rodriguez  - New York  Ave.  1791 E. Rodriguez Sr. Ave,. Near corner New York  Street., Quezon City  12/1/2022  11/30/2025  3  1,238,248  91  E. Rodriguez  - SLMC  Units 104 to 107 MAB, St. Lukes Medical Center E.  Rodriguez Sr. Avenue, Quezon City  6/1/2022  5/31/2027  5  3,499,797  92  Eastwood  Unit LG-3-5 to Unit LG 3-6, Ground Floor, Le  Grand 3, E-Commerce Avenue, Eastwood, Quezon  City  5/1/2020  4/30/2025  5  3,019,105  93  EDSA  Caloocan  512 EDSA near corner Urbano Plata St., Caloocan  City  9/16/2019  9/15/2024  5  695,538  94  Elcano  PSA Bldg. Elcano corner San Nicolas St., Binondo,  Manila  3/1/2021  2/28/2026  5  2,154,961   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Branch  Address  Start of  Contract  End of  Contract  Lease  Term  (Years)  Rent for the  year ended  December  2022  (all in  P =)  95  Emerald  Avenue  G/F, The Taipan Place, Emerald Ave., Ortigas  center, Pasig City  9/1/2019  8/31/2024  5  3,161,465  96  Ermita  UN Ave. corner Bocobo &amp; Churucca Sts., Ermita,  Manila  7/1/2021  6/30/2026  5  2,057,545  97  España  Boulevard  1880 España Boulevard Sampaloc, Manila  7/16/2021  7/15/2026  5  1,983,706  98  Eton Centris  C1-1 Eton Centris, Quezon Avenue corner EDSA,  Barangay Pinyahan, Quezon City  1/20/2020  1/31/2025  5  2,299,662  99  Evangelista  Quiapo  450 Evangelista cor. Paterno St., Sta. Cruz, Manila  2/15/2012  2/14/2027  15  1,560,000  100  Fairview  Commonweal  th  B2 L21 Commonwealth Ave., Fairview, Quezon city  10/15/2021  10/14/2024  3  1,654,061  101  Fort -  Panorama  Panorama Tower 34th St corner Lane A Bonifacio  Global City, Taguig City  6/1/2016  5/30/2026  10  3,821,924  102  Fort  Bonifacio -  Infinity  G/F, The Infinity Tower, 26th St., Fort Bonifacio  Global City, Taguig City, MM.  7/15/2020  7/14/2025  5  3,689,456  103  Fort  Bonifacio -  NAC Tower  NAC Tower, 32nd Street, Bonifacio Global City,  Taguig  3/15/2018  3/14/2023  5  5,078,588  104  Fort  Bonifacio -  Net Cube  G/F, Net Cube, 3rd Ave. cor. 30th St., E' Square  Zone,  Fort Bonifacio, Global City, Taguig  9/15/2020  9/14/2025  5  5,454,716  105  Fort  Bonifacio -  SLMC  G/F Medical Arts bldg., SLMC-Global City, Fort  Bonifacio Global City, Taguig  8/1/2019  7/31/2024  5  4,198,276  106  Fort Fairways  G/F, Fairways Tower, McKinley corner 5th Avenue,  Bonifacio Global City, Taguig City  5/1/2019  4/30/2024  5  2,110,280  107  Fort Grand  Hamptons II  Ground Floor, Grand Hamptons Tower 2, 1st  Avenue corner 31st Street, Fort Bonifacio Global  City, Taguig City  7/1/2021  6/30/2024  3  1,884,000  108  Fort Icon  Showroom  5th Avenue corner 25th Street, Bonifacio Global  City, Taguig City, Metro Manila  12/1/2020  11/30/2025  5  4,105,728  109  Fort Triangle  Drive  GF Unit 103, The Brilliance Center, 11th Avenue  corner 40th Street, BGC, Taguig City  1/1/2020  12/31/2024  5  4,660,400  110  Fort-W City  Center  GF-Unit B, W City Center, 7th Avenue cor. 30th  Street, Bonifacio Global City, Taguig City  10/16/2016  10/15/2026  10  8,710,943  111  FPIP - Sto.  Tomas  Unit 007, G/F Oasis Commercial Center, FPIP -  Special Economic Zone, R.S. Diaz Avenue, Brgy.  Sta. Anastacia, Sto. Tomas, Batangas  7/14/2021  7/13/2026  5  1,356,505  112  G. Araneta  Avenue  No. 128 G. Araneta Avenue. Brgy. Doña Imelda,  Quezon City  12/1/2022  11/30/2023  1  1,814,907  113  Gamboa  Luz Building, 116 Gamboa Street, Legazpi Village,  Makati City  11/1/2018  10/31/2023  5  2,901,771  114  General  Santos  National  Highway  National Highway corner C.M. Recto St., General  Santos City, South Cotabato  9/15/2017  9/14/2027  10  843,562  115  General Trias  G/F Divine Grace Medical Hospital Bypass Road,  Brgy. Tejero, Gen. Trias, Cavite  8/15/2022  8/14/2027  5  1,395,803  116  Gil Puyat  Unit 101 A, G/F, Oppen Building, 349 Sen. Gil J.  Puyat Avenue, Makati City  2/1/2019  1/31/2024  5  3,827,630  117  Gramercy  G/F Gramercy Residences, Kalayaan Ave., Makati  City  2/1/2021  2/1/2023  2  1,798,171  118  Greenhills  G/F Greenhills Mansions, Annapolis St., Greenhills,  San Juan, MM.  2/1/2019  1/31/2024  5  3,375,221  119  Greenhills  Promenade  Unit No. 107 GF, Greenhills Promenade 3,  Greenhills Shopping Center, San Juan City  2/21/2019  2/28/2024  5  3,971,909  120  Greenhills  West  Quadstar Bldg., No. 80 Ortigas Ave. Greenhills, San  Juan  10/1/2022  9/30/2027  5  2,661,012  121  Guadalupe  Commercial  Complex  Guadalupe Commercial Complex, EDSA  Guadalupe, Makati City  12/1/2021  11/30/2026  5  1,900,784   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Branch  Address  Start of  Contract  End of  Contract  Lease  Term  (Years)  Rent for the  year ended  December  2022  (all in  P =)  122  H.V. Dela  Costa  G/F Alpha Salcedo Bldg., HV Dela Costa St.,  Salcedo Village, Brgy. Bel - air, Makati City  8/25/2019  8/23/2024  5  5,018,538  123  Herrera  G/F Exchange Bldg.,No. 107 V.A Rufino Herrera  Bolanos &amp; Esteban  Sts. Legaspi Village, Makati  City  2/19/2018  2/18/2023  5  4,051,314  124  Iloilo  Business  Park  BPO Building A, Festival Walk, Iloilo Business Park,  Iloilo City  8/1/2021  7/31/2026  5  2,290,777  125  Iloilo -  General Luna  Insular Life Building, General Luna St., Brgy. San  Felix, Molo, Iloilo City  11/1/2020  10/31/2025  5  913,173  126  Iloilo - Iznart  G/F, John A. Tan Bldg., Iznart St., Iloilo City  12/1/2018  11/30/2023  5  1,246,234  127  Iloilo - Jaro  Westwood Building, #422 E. Lopez Street, Brgy.  Luna Jaro, 5000, Iloilo City  8/30/2020  8/29/2030  10  3,585,820  128  Iloilo  Ledesma  Charly Resources Bldg., corner Ledesma and  Quezon Sts., Iloilo City  3/1/2021  2/28/2026  5  2,047,753  129  Imus  G/F LGC Commercial Building, Palico 2, Aguinaldo  Highway, Imus Cavite  9/1/2019  8/31/2024  5  1,917,267  130  J. Abad  Santos  1839 J.Abad Santos St., Tondo, Manila  9/1/2021  8/31/2026  5  1,260,136  131  Juan Luna -  Binondo  514 Juan Luna St., Binondo, Manila  7/1/2019  6/30/2024  5  10,998,435  132  Kabankalan  Milza Arcade 3, J.Y. Perez Highway, Brgy.  Talubangi, Kabankalan City, Negros Occidental  4/1/2022  3/31/2027  5  620,857  133  Kalibo  No. 263 Roxas Avenue, Kalibo, Aklan  7/1/2020  6/30/2025  5  768,495  134  Kamias  1418 Kamias Rd. corner Anonas Extension,  Sikatuna Village, Q.C.  1/6/2018  1/5/2023  5  1,393,029  135  Karuhatan  G/F, PRDC Building 257 Mc Arthur Highway,  Karuhatan, Valenzuela City  1/1/2017  12/31/2022  6  1,638,203  136  Katipunan  G/F The Xanland Condominium Building.,  Katipunan Avenue, Loyola Heights, Q.C.  4/15/2020  4/14/2025  5  2,643,617  137  Keyland-  Valero  114 Valero St., Salcedo Village, Makati City  7/1/2022  6/30/2027  5  14,902,142  138  Koronadal  601 General Santos Drive, Koronadal City  6/16/2017  6/15/2027  10  1,200,000  139  La Trinidad  JC - 084 Brgy. Pico, Km. 5 National Highway, La  Trinidad, Benguet  9/1/2008  8/31/2023  15  1,689,845  140  La Union  G/F Kenny Plaza, Quezon Avenue, San Fernando  City, La Union  6/6/2021  6/5/2026  5  900,000  141  Lagro  Bonanza Plaza Bldg., Quirino Highway, Lagro  Quezon City  6/15/2022  6/14/2024  2  1,926,488  142  Laoag  G/F, LC Square, J.P. Rizal Street cor. Balintawak,  Laoag City  6/1/2020  5/31/2025  5  1,302,068  143  Lapu - Lapu  M. L Quezon National Highway corner Patalinhug  Avenue, Pajo, Brgy. Sangi, Lapu Lapu City, Cebu  1/1/2020  12/31/2024  5  926,100  144  Legazpi  Landco Business Park, Legazpi City  4/1/2013  3/31/2023  10  1,768,514  145  Lemery  GF, Sola Grande Center, Ilustre Avenue, Palanas,  Lemery, Batangas  3/22/2022  3/21/2023  1  853,702  146  Lima  The Outlet at Lipa, Lima Technology Center, Brgy.  Bugtong na Pulo, Lipa City Batangas  9/1/2018  8/31/2023  5  1,307,395  147  Lipa Medics  Hospital  GF, Old MAB, Lipa Medix Hospital, National  Highway, Lipa City, Batangas  5/1/2021  4/30/2026  5  2,086,200  148  Lucena  Doña Cristina Bldg., corner Tagaro &amp; Merchan  Sts., Lucena City  1/1/2018  12/31/2022  5  1,801,549  149  Macapagal  Blvd.  Ground Floor, Unit 105, The Reach Building along  Macapagal Boulevard, MOA Complex, Pasay City  4/27/2022  7/26/2027  5  813,600  150  Magdalena  Nos. 1025-1027 HLC Bldg., Masangkay cor. Soler  Sts., Binondo, Manila  10/18/2022  10/17/2027  5  1,538,479  151  Makati  Avenue  Constellation  Makati avenue corner Constellation Street., Brgy.  Bel - air, Makati City  11/1/2022  10/31/2025  3  2,085,151  152  Makati  Avenue  Zuellig  Unit 2, Ground Floor, Zuellig Building, Makati  Avenue corner Paseo de Roxas, Makati City  3/1/2022  2/28/2027  5  5,635,434  153  Malabon -  Potrero  Units 8 &amp;9 G/F Mary Grace Bldg., 142 Mc Arthur  Highway, Potrero, Malabon City  2/1/2021  1/31/2023  2  817,244   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Branch  Address  Start of  Contract  End of  Contract  Lease  Term  (Years)  Rent for the  year ended  December  2022  (all in  P =)  154  Malabon -  Tugatog  137 M.H. del Pilar St., Brgy. Tugatog, Malabon City  9/1/2020  8/31/2025  5  1,011,219  155  Malate  M. Adriatico corner San Andres St., Malate, Manila  9/1/2021  8/31/2026  5  810,490  156  Malayan  Plaza  Unit G2, GF, Malayan Plaza Building, ADB Avenue  corner Opal Road, Ortigas Center, Pasig City  2/1/2019  1/31/2024  5  3,894,040  157  Malinta  No. 271 Paso de Blas, Valenzuela City  10/1/2008  9/30/2023  15  694,848  158  Malolos  G/F Feliza Jazz Bldg., Mc. Arthur Highway,  Sumapang Matanda, Malolos City, Bulacan  5/5/2018  5/4/2023  5  1,504,635  159  Mandaluyong  No. 360 Shaw Center Mall, Shaw Blvd. corner  Nueve de Febrero, Addition Hills, Mandaluyong City  10/16/2019  10/15/2024  5  2,754,830  160  Mandaluyong  - EDSA  No. 167 EDSA, Mandaluyong  4/1/2018  3/31/2023  5  3,026,611  161  Mandaluyong  -Greenfield  Units 7 &amp; 8, Level 1, SOHO Central, Shaw  Boulevard.,  Greenfield District, Mandaluyong City  5/1/2019  4/30/2024  5  3,043,627  162  Mandaluyong  - Libertad  DM Guevarra St. cor. Calbayog St., Mandaluyong  8/16/2020  8/15/2023  3  1,394,439  163  Mandaluyong  - Pioneer  G/F Madison Square Plaza, Pioneer corner  Sheridan Street, Mandaluyong City  10/15/2022  10/14/2023  1  1,010,580  164  Mandaue  North Road  National Highway, Tabok, Mandaue City  4/16/2022  4/30/2027  5  1,601,721  165  Marikina  Bayan-bayanan Avenue, Concepcion, Marikina  City  8/3/2021  8/2/2026  5  2,546,584  166  Marikina - Gil  Fernando  Ave  B6 L10 Almon St., cor Gil Fernando Ave, Brgy San  Roque, Marikina  4/15/2018  4/14/2023  5  1,396,195  167  Market  Market  157-A, G/F, Market Market Mall, Bonifacio Global  City, Taguig, MM.  10/1/2019  9/30/2024  5  4,801,050  168  Maypajo  APN Bldg., No. 172 A. Mabini St., Maypajo,  Kalookan City  8/5/2018  8/4/2023  5  1,044,196  169  McKinley Hill  G/F Commerce &amp; Industry Plaza Bldg., McKinley  Hill, Fort Bonifacio, Taguig City  2/1/2019  1/31/2024  5  14,815,055  170  Medical City  G/F Medical Arts Tower, The Medical City  Hospital., Ortigas Avenue, Pasig City  12/5/2014  12/3/2024  10  2,740,795  171  Mendiola  La Consolacion College Manila, No. 8 Mendiola  Street, San Miguel, Manila City  10/19/2020  10/18/2025  5  1,709,817  172  Meralco  Avenue  G/F Suntree Tower, No. 13 Meralco Avenue,  Ortigas Center, Pasig City  11/1/2022  10/31/2027  5  3,512,967  173  Meycauayan  Meycauayan College Bldg., Mc. Arthur Highway,  Calvario, Meycauayan, Bulacan  7/22/2021  7/21/2026  5  827,633  174  Mindanao  Avenue  G/F Metro North Medical Center &amp; Hospital,  Mindanao Ave., Bahay Toro, Quezon City  5/1/2019  4/30/2024  5  1,256,884  175  Molino  G/F EVY Bldg., Molino Blvd., Molino, Bacoor,  Cavite  3/16/2011  3/15/2026  15  2,281,467  176  Morgan  Suites  McKinley  Ground Floor, Morgan Suites Executive  Residences, Florence Way, McKinley Hill, Fort  Bonifacio, Taguig  2/1/2021  1/31/2024  3  2,333,409  177  Naga  The RAD on Panganiban Drive, Panganiban Drive  corner Blumentritt Street, Brgy. Tinago, Naga City,  Camarines Sur  7/1/2020  6/30/2025  5  1,757,000  178  Naga  Diversion  Road  M. Roxas Avenue, Naga City, Camarines Sur  4/1/2018  3/31/2023  5  750,789  179  NAIA  2/F Arrival Lobby, NAIA Complex, Pasay City  1/1/2022  3/31/2023  1  129,730  180  Navotas  318 Northbay Blvd. South, Navotas City  4/1/2014  3/31/2024  10  1,303,073  181  Nieva  G1 &amp; G2, Asian Mansion 2, dela rosa cor. Nieva  Sts, Legaspi Village., Makati City  12/1/2020  11/30/2025  5  2,229,565  182  Ninoy Aquino  Avenue  G/F PAIR - PAGS Centre,NAIA Complex., Ninoy  Aquino Ave., Paranaque City  10/1/2021  9/30/2026  5  1,909,742  183  Nuvo City  Aspire  Unit D G/F, Aspire Tower at Nuvo City, 150  E.Rodriguez Jr. Ave., corner Calle Industria,  Bagumbayan, Quezon City  3/28/2019  3/27/2024  5  1,868,629  184  Olongapo  Ground Floor, C &amp; C Business Center, No. 730  Rizal Avenue, East Tapinac, Olongapo City  10/1/2020  9/30/2025  5  2,330,515   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Branch  Address  Start of  Contract  End of  Contract  Lease  Term  (Years)  Rent for the  year ended  December  2022  (all in  P =)  185  One Mall  Valenzuela  6008 Gen. T. De Leon St., Brgy. Gen T. De Leon,  Valenzuela City  5/6/2022  5/5/2027  5  2,415,293  186  Ongpin  Strata Gold Tower Cond., Ongpin St., Binondo,  manila  6/15/2018  6/14/2023  5  4,401,517  187  Ormoc  Niko's Ark Bldg., Real St., Ormoc City, Leyte  9/1/2022  8/31/2023  1  1,180,073  188  Ortigas  SBC Building, No. 228 Ortigas Ave., Greenhills,  San Juan, MM.  2/1/2019  1/31/2024  5  17,702,678  189  Ozamis  Capistrano Street, Ozamiz City, 7200 Misamis  Occidental  10/29/2021  10/28/2026  5  872,669  190  P. Guevarra -  Wilson  Unit GF03 Metro Pointe Center, P. Guevarra cor. N.  Averilla St., San Juan  6/28/2018  6/30/2023  5  1,489,516  191  Pagadian  Poblacion, Pagadian City  1/1/2020  12/31/2024  5  583,393  192  Pasay - Taft  No. 1924 Taft Avenue corner Bernabe Street.,  Pasay City  9/1/2022  8/31/2027  5  1,045,275  193  Pasig - C.  Raymundo  Lot 1 &amp; 2-A Good harvest Complex, C. Raymundo  Ave., Brgy. Caniogan, Pasig City  3/15/2022  3/14/2027  5  1,320,000  194  Pasig -  Mabini  Mabini cor Del Pilar St., Kapasigan, Pasig City  4/15/2022  4/14/2025  3  1,221,623  195  Pasig -  Mercedes  Ave.  Mercedes Avenue corner M. Suarez Avenue  (Market Avenue), Brgy. San Miguel, Pasig City  9/1/2019  8/31/2024  5  1,253,183  196  Pasig -  Santolan  G/F Unit 101 - A AD Center Square, A. Rodriguez  corner Evangelista, Santolan, Pasig City  4/1/2018  3/31/2023  5  1,128,664  197  Pasig  Boulevard  Elements Bldg., Shaw Boulevard cor Rosemarie  Lane, Brgy. Kapitolyo, Pasig City  4/1/2022  3/31/2027  5  746,426  198  Pasong  Tamo  G/F Narra Bldg., Pasong Tamo Extension, Makati  City  9/1/2019  8/31/2024  5  2,155,201  199  Plaridel  G/F Plaza Plaridel Building, No. 263 Padilla Road,  Banga 1st, Plaridel Bulacan  4/1/2022  3/31/2025  3  677,952  200  Puerto  Princesa  Rizal Avenue, Puerto Princesa City, Palawan  3/9/2022  3/8/2024  2  1,554,781  201  Quezon Ave.  G/F, Capitol Medical Center Bldg. III, Quezon Ave.  corner Scout. Magbanua, Quezon City  11/16/2019  11/15/2024  5  2,655,483  202  Quezon Ave.  - South  Triangle  JR Building, 1520 Quezon Avenue, South Triangle,  Quezon City  11/16/2018  11/15/2023  5  1,086,000  203  Quirino  Highway  No. 360 Quirino Highway, Sangandaan,  Novaliches, Quezon City  1/16/2018  1/15/2023  5  2,179,229  204  Regalado  Fairview  Angelus Bldg., #22 Regalado Ave., West Fairview,  Q.C.  4/2/2018  4/1/2023  5  1,238,801  205  Reina  Regente  No. 1040 Reina Regente St., Binondo, Manila  5/1/2022  4/30/2027  5  479,527  206  Reposo - JP  Rizal  1747 N. Garcia St., Barangay Poblacion, Makati  1/15/2018  1/14/2023  5  1,595,652  207  Retiro  Retiro Street corner Mayon Street, La Loma,  Quezon City  9/1/2022  8/30/2023  1  1,174,551  208  Robinsons  Magnolia  Ground Floor, Unit 107, 2047 Robinsons Magnolia,  Aurora Boulevard corner Doña Hemady and N.  Domingo Streets, New Manila, Quezon City  4/1/2020  3/31/2025  5  2,769,752  209  Roosevelt  Roosevelt Avenue, SFDM, Quezon City  2/1/2022  1/31/2027  5  1,174,551  210  Roxas  Lawaan Highway corner Sacred Heart of Jesus  Street, Pueblo de Panay, Lawaan Roxas City  7/1/2022  6/30/2027  5  2,516,098  211  Roxas  Boulevard  Unit 4103, VIP Building, Roxas Boulevard cor  Nuestra Senora de Guia Street, Ermita, Manila  8/1/2022  7/31/2027  5  553,717  212  Ruby Road  Ortigas  GF Unit 103, Jollibee Plaza Condominium, F.  Ortigas Jr. Road, Ortigas Center, Pasig City  9/16/2019  5/14/2024  5  4,153,085  213  San  Fernando  G/F Doña Sevilla Bldg., Mc. Arthur Highway, Brgy.  Dolores, San Fernando City, Pampanga  12/1/2021  11/30/2026  5  1,810,228  214  San  Fernando -  Dolores  AMHSCO Building, Mac Arthur Highway, Dolores,  San Fernando City, Pampanga  10/1/2018  9/30/2023  5  1,453,211  215  San  Fernando-  Sindalan  MC Square Plaza, McArthur Highway, Sindalan,  San Fernando City, Pampanga  1/1/2022  12/31/2024  3  1,056,688   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Branch  Address  Start of  Contract  End of  Contract  Lease  Term  (Years)  Rent for the  year ended  December  2022  (all in  P =)  216  San  Francisco -  Agusan del  Sur  Quezon St., Brgy. Dos, San Francisco, Agusan del  Sur  4/23/2022  4/22/2027  5  835,938  218  San Juan -  Blumentritt  One Roxas Square Building, F. Roxas cor. F.  Blumentritt, San Juan City  6/16/2017  6/15/2027  10  1,173,919  219  San Miguel  No. 101 Medico Bldg., San Miguel corner Lourdes  St., Pasig City  7/1/2016  6/30/2026  10  2,157,053  220  San Pablo  Rizal Avenue corner P. Zamora Sts., San Pablo,  Laguna  4/15/2022  4/14/2027  5  2,460,964  221  San Pedro -  Pacita  Complex  Allen Building, National Highway, Pacita Complex,  San Pedro, Laguna  7/1/2021  6/30/2024  3  1,046,980  222  Santiago  G/F Flora Sy Bldg., Maharlika Highway, Victory  Norte, Santiago City, Isabela  10/1/2021  9/30/2026  5  1,329,521  223  SHANGRI-LA  PLAZA EAST  WING  Unit 1001B, Lower Ground Level, East Wing,  EDSA, Shaw Blvd. and St. Francis St. Mandaluyong  City  3/1/2020  2/28/2025  5  720,000  224  Silver City  G/F Silver City, Tiendesitas Complex, Frontera  Verde, Brgy. Ugong, Pasig City  8/16/2018  8/31/2023  5  1,478,088  225  Solano  Benigno Aquino Avenue, Poblacion South, Solano  Nueva Vizcaya  3/1/2021  2/28/2026  5  3,482,431  226  Soler  G/F, Le Mar Ben Bldg., along San Bernardo St.,  Sta. Cruz, Manila  3/6/2022  3/5/2025  3  1,169,811  227  St. Ignatius -  Katipunan  No. 119 Katipunan Avenue, Quezon City  3/16/2022  3/15/2027  5  1,861,724  228  STA. CRUZ-  LAGUNA  GF-08B, Ground Floor, Metro Central Mall,  National Road, Brgy. Labuin, Sta. Cruz, Laguna  3/9/2022  3/8/2027  5  274,910  229  Sta. Elena  3/F, 168 Shopping mall, Sta. Elena St., Binondo  Manila  10/16/2021  10/31/2026  5  640,634  230  Sta. Maria  Gov. F. Halili Ave., Brgy. Bagabaguin, Sta. Maria,  Bulacan  1/1/2022  12/31/2027  6  1,692,925  231  Sta. Rosa -  Greenfield  Laguna Central - Greenfield City, don Jose, Sta  Rosa City  7/1/2022  6/30/2024  2  1,335,241  232  Starmall Las  Piñas  Starmall, C.V. Starr Ave., Philamlife Village,  Pamplona II, Las Piñas City  10/1/2021  9/30/2026  5  2,307,729  233  Subic  Space CS3 Optima Ground Floor, Block 47, Rizal  Hwy, Central Business District, Subic Bay Freeport  Zone  4/1/2022  3/31/2027  5  876,737  234  SUCAT-  AMAIA  STEPS  R106 &amp; 107, Upper Ground Floor, Blanca Building,  Amaia Steps Sucat, Dr. A. Santos Avenue, Brgy.  San Antonio, Sucat, Parañaque  8/16/2020  8/15/2025  5  2,650,365  235  Sumulong  G/F Silicon Bldg., No. 167, Sumulong Highway,  Mayamot, Antipolo City  1/27/2022  9/30/2027  5  1,103,844  236  Surigao  San Nicolas corner Diez Sts., Surigao City  11/1/2021  10/31/2026  5  1,747,250  237  Tacloban  G/F, Roqson Bldg., Rizal Avenue corner Burgos St  and Rizal Avenue., Tacloban City  2/1/2022  1/31/2024  2  1,519,668  238  Tacloban  Veteranos  GF, Insular Life Building, Avenida Veteranos,  Tacloban City  10/12/2022  9/30/2027  5  2,648,300  239  Tacurong  HWG Building along Alunan Highway, Tacurong  City, Sultan Kudarat  7/1/2021  6/30/2026  5  901,392  240  Taft - Nakpil  SM Lazo Medical Clinic, 1755 Taft Avenue cor.  Nakpil Street, Malate, Manila  6/1/2022  5/31/2025  3  1,246,362  241  Taft - Vito  Cruz  Unit 3 G/F 2 Torre Lorenzo Condominium Building,  2444 Taft Avenue, Malate, Manila  7/1/2022  6/30/2027  5  1,603,159  242  Tagbilaran  No. 27 CPG Avenue, Tagbilaran City, Bohol  9/16/2022  9/15/2027  5  678,024  243  Tagbilaran  Uptown IT  Hub  JLU Centre Bloc, Tagbilaran Uptown IT Hub, Rajah  Sikatuna Avenue Barangay Dampas, Tagbilaran  City, Bohol 6300  11/1/2018  10/31/2023  5  960,000  244  Tagum  G/F SG Complex, National Highway, Purok  Tandang Sora, Magugpo Poblacion, Tagum City,  Davao Del Norte  10/1/2022  9/30/2027  5  552,744  245  Tandang  Sora  400 Tandang Sora Ave., Barangay Culiat, Q.C.  5/1/2022  4/30/2032  10  1,196,800   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Branch  Address  Start of  Contract  End of  Contract  Lease  Term  (Years)  Rent for the  year ended  December  2022  (all in  P =)  246  Tarlac  Unit 3 G/F 2 Torre Lorenzon Condominium, Taft  Ave cor Vito Cruz, Malate, Manila+D300:E300  1/21/2020  1/21/2023  3  1,303,116  247  Tarlac-  Tañedo  Tañedo corner Zapiro Street, San Nicolas, Tarlac  City  5/1/2021  4/30/2026  5  1,501,855  248  Taytay-  Manila East  Ground Floor, Verde Oro East Plaza, Manila East  Road, Taytay, Rizal  9/1/2016  6/30/2026  10  999,082  249  Timog Ave.  Toyoma Group Center Bldg.,22 Timog Ave., Brgy.  Laging Handa, Quezon City  8/1/2021  7/31/2026  5  2,018,184  250  Tomas  Morato  G/F Maine Bldg., Tomas Morato Avenue, South  Triangle, Quezon City  2/1/2014  1/31/2024  10  2,018,184  251  Tuguegarao  Buntun  Pulsar Commercial Complex Plaza, Buntun  Highway, Tuguegarao City  10/30/2019  10/29/2024  5  4,783,782  252  U.S.T.  G/F Quadricentennial Pavillion, UST Cpd., España,  Manila  6/15/2021  6/14/2024  3  1,179,041  253  UN Ave.  Units 1110 &amp; 1112 Dolmar Bldg., U.N. Avenue,  Paco, Manila  3/18/2018  3/17/2023  5  4,154,457  254  Urdaneta  G/F CSI Bldg., Mc. Arthur Highway, Brgy.  Nancayasan, Urdaneta City  8/1/2019  7/31/2024  5  1,008,676  255  Valenzuela  Km. 14, Mc. Arthur Highway, Malinta, Valenzuela  City  6/2/2018  6/1/2023  5  1,919,105  256  Valle Verde  E. Rodriguez Jr. Ave. corner Borres St., Brgy.  Bagong Ilog, Pasig City  1/16/2020  1/15/2025  5  1,935,708  257  Victorias  VICMICO PMC Bldg., Osmeña Highway, Victorias  City, Negros Occidental  1/1/2019  12/31/2022  4  1,458,608  258  Vigan  Luisita Trading  2/25/2021  2/24/2023  2  1,458,608  259  Visayas Ave.  - Project 6  53 Visayas Avenue, Brgy Vasra, Project 6, QC.  4/1/2022  3/31/2023  1  1,450,800  260  Wack Wack  G/F Lee Gardens, Shaw Blvd corner Lee St., Wack  Wack, Mandaluyong City  11/1/2018  10/31/2023  5  1,508,010  261  West Avenue  No. 4 Bulletin St. corner West Avenue, Quezon City  7/1/2022  6/30/2027  5  2,640,640  262  Zamboanga -  Canelar  Mayor Jaldon St., Brgy. Canelar, Zamboanga City  5/15/2013  5/14/2023  10  1,832,045  Branch Lite  1  Medical City  OBO (17F)  Unit 1716, The Medical City Hospital., Ortigas  Avenue, Pasig City  4/18/2017  12/31/2022  0.75  861,273  2  San Lorenzo  Place  2F B31-B32 San Lorenzo Place Mall, Makati City  10/1/2019  9/30/2024  5  2,004,529  3  Port Royal-  Rada Branch  Lite  GF, Port Royal Place, 118 Rada Street, Legaspi  Village, Makati City  10/1/2019  9/30/2024  5  1,197,411  4  Capitol  Commons  Branch Lite  Ground level GL-21a, Unimart Capitol Commons,  Meralco Avenue corner Shaw Boulevard, Brgy.  Oranbo, Pasig City  12/20/2019  11/30/2024  5  1,576,131  5  Tordesillas  Branch Lite  Unit 104-B, Three Salcedo Condominium, Brgy.  Bel-Air, Makati City  11/1/2019  10/31/2029  10  4,409,654  6  Circuit-City  Makati  Branch Lite  Unit L2035, Level 2, Ayala Malls Circuit, Circuit  Makati Hippodromo Street, Carmona, Makati City  6/15/2019  9/30/2024  5  1,033,844  7  A. Roces  Avenue  Branch Lite  No. 83 Don A. Roces Avenue, Brgy. Laging Handa,  Quezon City  11/1/2020  10/31/2025  5  2,389,702  8  Ayala Malls  Manila Bay  Space 2022, 2nd Floor, Ayala Malls Manila Bay,  Macapagal Boulevard corner Aseana Avenue,  Paranaque City  1/15/2020  9/30/2024  5  3,014,497  9  Katipunan  Blue Ridge  Upper Ground Floor JSO BUILDING, # 210  Katipunan Avenue, Barangay Blueridge, Quezon  City  12/1/2020  11/30/2025  5  2,960,685  10  Quezon  Avenue -  West  Triangle  1389 Quezon Avenue, Quezon City  3/1/2021  2/28/2026  5  2,260,905   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Organization

<!-- image -->

Division

## Form 17-A     Item 7

| Page  Statement of Management's Responsibility for Financial Statements  77  Independent Auditors' Report  Exhibit 5  Consolidated Statements of Financial Positions  as of December 31, 2022 and 2021  -do-  Consolidated Statements of Income  for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  -do-  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  -do-  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity  for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  -do-  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  -do-  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  -do-  Index to the Financial Statements and Supplementary Schedules  -do-  Sustainability Report  Exhibit 6   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## STATEMENT OF MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY FOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The management of Sccurity Bank Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Group) . and of Security Bank Corporation (the Parent Company) is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in accordance   with prescribed   financial   rcporting   framework the preparation of financial statements tat are from material misstatement   wheter due to fraud or error. free

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing te Group's and te Parent Company's ability to continue as a applicable matters either intends t0 liquidate the Group and the Parent Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic altenative but to do so.

The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

The Board of Directors   reviews and approves te financial statements including the schedules attached therein, and submits the same to the stockholders.

SyCip Gorres &amp; te independent   auditor appointed by te stockholders for the periods December 31, 2022 and 2021 and of te Paent Company in accordance with Philippine Standards on Auditing, and in conpletion of such audit. Co.. Velayo Group

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

ALBERTO S. VILLAROSA Chairan of te Board

SANJIY VOHRA Presidelt &amp; Chief Executive Officer

EDUARDO M. OLBES

Chief Financial Officer

Signed this 28" of February 2023 day

Security Bank Corporation Security Bank Centre; 6776 Ayala Avenue; Makati City Philippines 0719 Tel. no: (+632) 8888-7800 MCPO 2026 . wwwsecuritybank com

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN to before me this me their Passport ID as follows:

## 0 6 2023,

affiants exhibiting to

| NAMES Alberto $. Villarosa Sanjiv Vohra Eduardo M. Olbes  DD NUMBER P8129973A Z4836868 P8116670A  DATE OF ISSUE July 28, 2018 June 27,2018 July 27, 2018  PLACE OF ISSUE Manila City Singapore Manila City   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Doc. No. Page No. 32 Book No. 90 Series of 2023

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Tel (62218891 0307 Fax: '632) 8819 0872 ey comph

6760 Ayala Avenue 1226 Makali Philippines

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

The Stockholders and the Board of Directors Security Bank Corporation Security Bank Centre 6776 Ayala Avenue Makati City

## Report on the Consolidated and Parent Company Financial Statements

## Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Security Bank Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Group) and the parent company financial statements of Security Bank Corporation (the Parent Company), which comprise the consolidated and parent company statements of financial position as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated and parent company statements of income; consolidated and parent company statements of comprehensive income; consolidated and parent company statements of changes in equity and consolidated and parent company statements of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31. 2022, and notes to the consolidated and parent company financial statements; including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion; the accompanying consolidated and parent company financial statements present fairly, in all material respects; the financial position of the Group and the Parent Company as at December 31,2022 and 2021, and their financial performance and their cash flows for each of the three in the period ended December 31, 2022 in accordance with Philippine Financial Reporting Standards (PFRSs) years

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audits in accordance with Philippine Standards on Auditing (PSAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated and Parent Company Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group and the Parent Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants in the Philippines (the Code of Ethics) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated and parent company financial statements in the Philippines; and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion .

## Audit Matters Key

audit matters are those matters that; in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated and parent company financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit ofthe consolidated and parent company financial statements as a Key

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated and Parent Company Financial Statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters:   Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated and parent company financial statements. The results ofour audit procedures, including the procedures perfored to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated and parent company financial statements.

## Applicable to the Audit of the Consolidated and Parent Company Financial Statements

## Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Receivables

The Group's and the Parent Company's application of the expected credit loss (ECL) model in calculating the allowance for credit losses on loans and receivables is significant to our audit as it involves the exercise of significant management judgment. areas of judgment include: segmenting the Group's and the Parent Company's credit risk exposures; determining the method to estimate ECL including the incorporation of factors that are not covered by the model; defining default; identifying exposures with significant deterioration in credit quality . taking into account extension of payment terms and payment holidays provided as a result ofthe coronavirus pandemic and increasing interest rates; determining assumptions to be used in the ECL model such as the counterparty credit risk rating; the expected life of the financial asset, expected recoveries from defaulted accounts both for secured and unsecured accounts and incorporating forward-looking information; including the impact of the coronavirus pandemic; in calculating ECL. Key

Allowance for credit losses on loans and receivables as of December 31,2022 amounted to P16.5 billion and Pl6.4 billion for the Group and the Parent Company, respectively .  Provision for credit losses on loans and receivables of the Group and the Parent Company in 2022 amounted to P2.7 billion;

The disclosures related to the allowance for credit losses on and receivables are included in Note 14 of the financial statements . loans

## Audit Response

We obtained an understanding of the board approved methodologies and models used for the Group's and the Parent Company's different credit exposures and assessed whether these considered the requirements of PFRS 9, Financial Instruments to reflect an unbiased and probability-weighted outcome; and to consider time value of money and the best available forward-looking information.

We (a) assessed the Group's and the Parent Company 's segmentation of its credit risk exposures based on homogeneity of credit risk characteristics; (b) tested the definition of default and significant increase in credit risk criteria against historical analysis of accounts; credit risk management policies and practices in place; and management 's assessment of the impact of the coronavirus pandemic and increasing interest rates on the counterparties; (c) tested the Group's and the Parent Company 's application of internal credit risk system; including the impact of the coronavirus pandemic and increasing interest rates on the borrowers, by reviewing the ratings of sample credit exposures; (d) assessed whether expected life is different from the contractual life by testing the maturity dates reflected in the Group's and the Parent Company's records and considering management 's assumptions regarding future collections; advances, extensions; renewals and modifications; (e) tested loss given default by inspecting historical recoveries and related costs, management 's strategizs ite gffs-and collateral valuations; rating

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

and the effects of any financial support and credit enhancements provided by any party; (f) tested exposure at default considering outstanding commitments and repayment scheme; (g) checked the reasonableness of forward-looking infonmation used for overlay through statistical test and corroboration publicly available information and our understanding of the Group's and the Parent Company's lending portfolios and broader industry knowledge; including the impact of the coronavirus pandemic; and (h) tested the effective interest rate used in discounting the expected loss. using

Further; we checked the data used in the ECL models by reconciling data from source system reports to the data warehouse and from the data warehouse to the loss allowance analysislmodels and financial reporting systems. To the extent that the loss allowance analysis is based on credit exposures that have been disaggregated into subsets of debt financial assets with similar risk characteristics, we traced or reperformed the disaggregation from source systems to the loss allowance analysis.

We recalculated impairment provisions on a sample basis.  We reviewed the disclosures made in the financial statements .

We involved our internal specialists in the performance of the above procedures.

## Accounting for reestablishment of hold-io-collect business model

On June 28, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Parent Company approved the reestablishment of a business model for investment in govemment securities that are  managed to realize cash flows by collecting contractual payments over the life of the instrument.  As of December 31, 2022, investment in government securities classified under Investment securities at amortized cost' amounted to P12.0 billion:.

The reestablishment of hold-to-collect business model is significant to our audit because the amounts involved are material. Moreover; it involves the exercise ofsignificant judgment in demonstrating that the hold-to-collect objective has been re-established.

The disclosures related to the reestablishment of investment securities at amortized cost are included in Note 13 to the financial statements.

## Audit Response

We obtained an understanding of the Parent Company 's objectives for reestablishing the hold-to-collect business model for investment in government securities through inquiries with management and review of internal documentations including the approvals of those charged with governance. We evaluated management's rationale for the reestablishment of the hold-to-collect business model and the conditions surrounding management 's decision:

We reviewed the new business model documentation to check whether new policies and procedures for managing the Parent Company's investment securities reflect the objective of the new business model.

We reviewed the disclosures relaled to the reestablishment of business model based on the requirements of PFRS 7, Financial Instruments Disclosures, PFRS 9 and PAS 1, Presentation of Financial Assets.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Other Information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information 17-A, and Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022. but does not include the consolidated and parent company financial statements and our auditor's report thereon. The SEC Form 20-IS (Definitive Information Statement) SEC Form 17-A, and Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 are expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor's report. Form

Our opinion on the consolidated and parent company financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audits of the consolidated and parent company financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing s0, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated and parent company financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit; or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

## Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated and Parent Company Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated and parent company financial statements in accordance with PFRSs; and for such internal control as management detennines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated and parent company financial statements that are free from material misstatement . whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated and parent companv financial statements; management is responsible for assessing the Group's and the Parent Company 5 ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable; matters related to going concern and the going concem basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group and the Parent Company or to cease operations; or has no realistic alternative but to do so using

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's and the Parent Company's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated and Parent Company Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated and parent company financial statements as a whole are (ree from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion:   Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance; but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with PSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate; could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated and parent company financial statements. they

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

As of an audit in accordance with PSAs: we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.  We also: part

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated and parent company financial statements; whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks; and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error; as fraud may involve collusion; forgery, intentional omissions; misrepresentations, or theoverride of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's and the Parent Company's internal controL.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management .
- Conclude on the appropriateness of management 's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's and the Parent Company's ability to continue as a going concern If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists; we are required to draw attention in our auditor 's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated and parent company financial statements or; if such disclosures are inadequate; to modify our opinion:   Our future events or conditions may cause the Group and the Parent Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation; structure and content of the consolidated and parent company financial statements; including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated and parent company financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements . We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion:

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters; the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings; including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied wíth relevant ethical requirements regarding independence. and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence; and where applicable, related safeguards.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance; we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated and parent company financial statements of the current period and are therefore the audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or 'regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when; in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication . key doing

## Reports on the Supplementary Information Required Under Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) Circular No. 1074 Revenue Regulations 15-2010 and

Our audits were conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic financial statements taken as a whole. The supplementary information required under BSP Circular No. 1074 in Note 41 and Revenue Regulations 15-2010 in Note 40 to the financial statements is presented for purposes of with the BSP and Bureau of Internal Revenue, respectively; and is not a required part of the basic financial statements.   Such information is the responsibility of the management of Security Bank Corporation;   The information has been subjected to the auditing procedures in our audit of the basic financial statements . In our opinion; the informatíon is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole. filing applied

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Juan Carlo B. Maminta.

## SYCIP GORRES VELAYO &amp; CO.

<!-- image -->

Juan Carlo B. Maminta Partner CPA Certificate No. 115260 Tax Identification No. 210-320-399 BOA/PRC No. 0001, August 25, 2021, valid until April 15, 2024 SEC Partner Accreditation No. 115260-SEC (Group A) Valid to cover audit of 2020 to 2024 financial statements of SEC covered institutions SEC Firn Accreditation No. 0001-SEC A) Valid to cover audit of 2021 to 2025 financial statements of SEC covered institutions BIR Accreditation No. 08-001998-132-2020, November 27,2020, valid until November 26,2023 PTR No. 9564655, January 3, 2023, Makati Reg Group City

February 28, 2023

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SECURITY BANK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

| Consolidatcd  Parcnt  Company  December 31  2022  2021  2022  2021  (Amounts in Thousands)  ASSETS  Cash and Other Cash Items  P13,180,172  P13,180,047  Pl.083.174  Duc from Bangko Scntral ng Pilipinas (Noic 19)  63,011,416  67.391,502  63,011,416  67.391.502  Due from Other Banks (Notes  and 32)  20,097,291  13.126.213  20,033,377  13.000.265  Interbank Loans Receivable and Sccuritics Purchased Under Resale  Agreements with the Bangko Scntral ng Pilipinas (Nole 37)  27,515,367  29.424,643  29.424,643  Financial Asscts at Fair Value through Prolit or Loss  (Note 10)  7,566,572  6.922,456  7,566,547  6,922,432  Financial Assets at Fair Valuc through Other  Comprehensive Income (Note 12)  112,891,493  80.669.22  112,851.702  80.623.537  Investment Securities at Amortized Cost (Nole 13)  69,229,960  21.836,607  69,229,960  21.836.607  Loans and Receivables (Notcs 14 and 32)  502,617,434  448.583.914  502,285,425  448.546,342  Investments in Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures (Note 15)  2,440,544  1.540,247  3,523,221  Property, Equipment, and Right-of-use Assets (Note 16)  5,278,875  5.185,00[  4,001,865  4.044,676  Investment Propcrtics (Note |  3,204,671  1,182,810  3,203,896  1.181.267  Deferred Tax Assets (Note 28)  4,851.104  5.246.255  4,823,323  5.213,651  Goodwill (Note 4)  841,602  841,602  841,602  841,602  Intangiblc Assets (Note 18)  3,735,225  3.221,078  3,725,076  3.210,387  Othcr Asscts (Notc 18)  5.829.412  3.362.118  5.627.298  3.135.524  TOTALASSETS  P699.616.966  P842,446,242  P699,978.830  LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  LIABILITIES  Deposit Liabilities (Nolcs 19 and 32)  Demand  P232,536,229  P216.470.901  P232.667,786  P216.760,077  Savings  117,513,439  110.567,289  119,200,233  110.921,669  Timc  231,020,114  171.822,528  231,243,894  173.062.577  Long-tcrm Ncgotiablc Certilicales ol Deposil  24,766,786  24.728.573  24,766,786  24.728.573  605,836,568  523.589.291  607,878,699  Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through  Profit or Loss (Nole 20)  1,752,818  1.285.386  1,752,818  1.285,386  Bills Payable and Sccuritics Sold Under  Repurchase Agrccmcnts (Note  40,920,403  3.464,424  40,802,069  3,367,757  Acceptances Payable  1,085,264  1.001.505  1,085,264  1.001.505  Margin Deposits and Cash Lettcrs of Crcdit  63,946  40.182  63,946  40.182  Manager's and Certified Checks Outstanding  4,103,071  4.221.372  4,103,071  4,221,372  Income Tax Payable (Note 28)  198,340  85,797  189,872  65.804  Notes and Bonds Payable (Nole 22)  47,111,693  28.721.313  47,111,693  28.721,313  Accrued Interest; Taxes and Other Expenses ( Nole 23)  4,153,526  4,113.551  Other Liabilities  Nole 24)  9.241.665  9,495,061  7.904.462  716,596,044  574.912.602  EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY IIOLDERS OF  THE PARENT COMPANY  Capital stock (Note 26)  7,635,389  7,635.389  7,635,389  7,635,389  Additional paid-in capilal (Note 26)  38,524,323  38.524.323  38.551,028  Surplus (Note 26)  89,004,617  88,988,182  80.830.,627  Nel unrealized  (loss) on financial assets at fair value through other  comprehensive income (Nole 12)  (9,238,853)  (2,043,212)  (9,247,006)  (2,051,365)  Net unrealized  on subsidiaries ' financial ussets at tair value through  other comprchensive income (Notes 12 and 15)  16,619  8,153  16,619  Cumulativc forcign currency Lranslalion  (94,014)  92,396  (94,014)  92.396  IOTALEQUITY  125,848,081  125.069.520  125,850,198  125.066.228  TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  P842,291.138  P699,616,966  P842,446,242  P699,978.830  21)  gain  gain   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanving Notes to Financial Statements

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SECURITY BANK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES STATEMENTS OF INCOME

| Consolidated  Parcnt Company  Ycars Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  (Amounts in Thousands, Except Eamings per Share)  INTEREST INCOME ON  Loans and receivables (Notes 14 and 32)  P29,686,399  P2S.061.190  P34,030.875  P29.730,457  P32,737,112  Financial assets at fair valuc through othcr  comprchensive income and investment  sccurilies at amortized cost (Note 8)  5,848.229  3.246.691  3.558.691  5,848,229  3.246,691  3.,558,691  Financial assels at fair value through profit or loss  (Notc 8)  759,588  662.867  2.303,291  759,588  662,802  2.303.291  Intcrbank loans receivable and securities purchased  under resale agreements with the Bangko  Sentral ng Pilipinas  373.989  320.457  405.828  373,989  320,457  354,641  86.766  612.274  54,267  84.221  609.957  50.647  36.754.971  32.903.479  40.352.952  36,796.484  32,942.668  39.004.382  INTEREST EXPENSE ON  Deposil liabilities (Notes 19 and 32)  5.043.112  2940.798  5.185.516  5.062,401  2.947.809  5,197,391  Subordinated notc, bills payable, securities  sold under rcpurchase agreements,  notes  payable, and other borrowings (Note 21)  1.987,727  3.360.800  1,980,841  2,066,825  3,1126,401  Derivalivc instrumenls (Nole 20)  406,421  348,849  466,680  406,421  348,849  466,680  Lease liabilitics (Note 16)  71,.508  83.974  139,778  71,831  83,974  139,452  550,276  550.276  7.508.768  5447.271  9.703.050  1.521.494  5.447,457  9.480.200  NET INTEREST INCOME  29.246.203  27456.208  30.649,902  29,274,990  27.495,211  29,524,182  Service charges. fccs and commissions (Nole 30)  5.284.975  4330.855  3,632,251  4,718,963  4,028,404  3,274.594  Profit from asscts sold exchanged  1.496.888  1.390,922  281,636  1,496,510  1.390,922  281,636  Foreign exchangc  nct (Nole 6)  966,.654  437,241  965,578  169,521  437.478  Rent (Notes 17.32 and 33)  631.118  570,156  516,104  74,703  42.743  30,407  joint venturcs (Note 15)  147,364  81,346  (194,980)  266,214  177.963  (786.992)  Gain on disposaVredemption of investmncnt  securilies at amortized cost (Note 13)  4,004  66,028  2.252.662  4,004  66,028  2.252,662  Trading and securities gain (loss)  net (Nole  (25,871)  091.728  11.104.578  (25,933)  1,090,082  11,097,745  Miscellancous (Notc 312  1883.870  1453.069  693.200  1,402,718  1.466.715  TOTAL OPERATIYG INCOME  39.635.205  50.372.594  38,581.117  35.863.592  47.578,427  OPERATING EXPENSES  Compensation and fringe benelits  (Notes 29 and 32)  7.538.940  6.922.432  6.404.272  7,440,488  6,826,843  6.293,496  Taxes and licenses  3,059,983  3.301.844  3.341.112  3,024.346  3.278.277  3,199,099  Provision for credil losses (Note 14)  2,634.324  26.383.042  2,635,597  5,285,966  24,574,507  Dcprecialion and amortization (Note 16)  2,114.519  2,173,089  2.009.962  1,588,759  1,665.270  1,519,157  Amortization of sofiware costs (Note 18)  551.180  362.322  309,430  550,599  361,734  308,746  Occupancy costs (Notes 17,32 and 33)  370.126  375.433  352.836  364,600  373.842  341.501  Provision for (recovcry 0l) impairment losses  (Note 17)  (15.153)  35.150  207,060  (14,653)  35.150  Misccllancous ( Notcs 28 and 31)  9273.934  8.148.489  7.283.465  8,952,550  1861.672  6.987.220  IOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES  25.750.066  26.548.993  46.119.269  24,763,999  25.638.951  43.258.876  INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX  13.885,139  10.261.580  4.253.325  13,817,118  10.224,641  4,319,351  PROVISION FOR (BENEFIT FROM)  LYCOME IAX (Nolc 28)  2344.610  (3.178.931)  3256.110  3.286.138  (2.921.8772  P6.916.970  P7.432.256  P6.938.503  ATTRIBUTABLE TO:  Equity holders of the Parent Company  (Notes 26 and 36)  NETINCOME  P6.916.970  P7,432.256  Basic/Diluted Earnings Pcr Sharc (Nolc 36  P9.86  gain   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SECURITY BANK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| Consolidatcd  Parent Company  Ycars Endcd Dcccmbcr 31  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  (Amounts in Thousands)  NET INCOME FOR THE YEAR  P10.555.599  P7.432.256  P6.938.503  P7.247.428  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  (LOSS)  Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) to he  Reclassifìed to Profìt or Loss in  Subsequent Periods:  Cumulative translation adjustments  (186,410)  761.825  (615.731)  (186,410)  761,825  (615,731)  Change in net unrealized  (loss) on debt  instruments at fair value through other  comprchensivc income (Nole 12)  7.238.472)  (4.091.585)  128.283  (7.238,472)  (4.091,.585)  1.128.283  (3.329.760)  512.552  (7,424,882)  (3.329.760)  512.552  Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) not  to be Reclassified to Profit or Loss in  Suhsequent Periods:  Remeasurement  (losscs) on defined  benefit plans (Notcs 15.26 and 29)  (138.577)  413.246  (645.329)  (138,577)  413,246  (645,329)  Revaluation  (losses) on cquity instruments al  fair valuc through other comprehensive income  (Notc 12)  51.297  27.906  (7.839)  51.297  26.001  12.658)  (87.280)  441.152  (653.168)  (87.280)  439.247  (647.987)  OTHER COMPREIENSIVE LOSS  FOR THE YEAR  7512.162)  (2888.608)  140.616)  (7,512,162)  (2.890,513)  (135,435)  IOTAL COMPREIENSIVE INCOME  3.043.437  P7.291.640  P3,048,846  P4.047.990  ATTRIBUTABLE TO:  Equily holders of thc Parent Company  P4.028.362  P7.291.640  P4,028.362  P7.291.640  gain  gains  gains   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes 10 Financial Statements

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 2

## 5 H

| 1  1  1  ;  ]  1  5  2  1  1  1  ]  1  1  1  1  1  781  1  4  4  4  1  2  1  1  ERWIN PACINIO  ]   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

1

|

1

1

| 1  2  1  5  2  ]  7*1  ]  1  1  1  =  1  1  4  3  5  25  5  1  ERVIN PACINIO   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 1 2

<!-- image -->

## SECURITY BANK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

| Consolidated  Parcnt Compnny  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  (Amounts in Thousands)  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING  ACTIVITIES  Income before income  P4.253.325  P10.224,641  Adjustments for:  Provision for credit losscs (Note 14)  2.634.324  3,280,537  26.383,042  2,635,597  5,285,966  24,574,507  Dcprcciation and amortization (Nole 16)  2,173,089  2,009.962  1,588,759  1,665,270  1,519,157  Profit from asscts sold cxchanged  (Notcs 17 and 18)  (1,496,888)  (281.636)  (1,496,510)  (1,390,922)  (281,636)  Amortization of premium on financial  assets at fair value through othcr  comprehensive income and investment  securilies at amortized cost (Notes 12  and 13)  630,083  884.568  422.391  639,083  884,568  422.391  Amortization of soltware costs (Note 18)  551.180  362,322  309.430  550,599  361,734  308.746  Unrcalized market valualion  on  financial instruments at fair  valuc through protit or loss  (Notes 10 and 20)  (515,822)  (494,194)  (515,822)  (83,889)  (494,194)  Provision for (recovery of) impairment  losses (Notes 16.17 and 18)  207.060  (5.153)  35.150  207.060  35.150  Share in net income (loss) of subsidiarics  and joint vcntures (Nole 15)  (147.364)  (81.346)  194.980  (266,214)  (177.963)  786.992  Amortizalion ol transaction costs on  LTNCD, noles payable( Notes 19 and  22)  220522  138.597  160.265  220,522  138,597  160,265  Ilcdgc incflcctiveness (Note 11)  2,825.647  Gain (loss) on disposaVredemplion of  investment securities at amortizcd cost  (Note 13)  4.004  66.028  (2.252,662)  4,004  66.028  (2,252,662)  Gain on disposal of financial assets ar  FVTOCI (Note 9)  (967.143)  (1.233,901)  (967.143)  Gain on disposal of invcsunent in  Subsidiary (Notes 15 and 31)  (933,108)  (933.108)  Changes in opera  asscts and liabilitics:  Decreasc (incrcasc) in the amounts ol:  Loans and receivables (Nole [4)  (58.508,199)  (15.028.115)  (58,215,856)  (15,874,741)  (13.180,897)  Financial assets at FVTPL (Note 10)  330.138  4,088,638  132,310,262  339,139  4,050,685  1130.755.578  Interbank loans reccivablc and  SPURA  (3.997,851)  1,045,041  6,700  (3,997,851)  1,045,041  6,700  Due from othcr banks  159  (56.276)  212  993  618  Other assets  (3.412.094)  (226,047)  5,340.994  (2,505,122)  (184,222)  5,615,772  Incrcasc (decrease) in the amounts of:  Deposit liabilitics (Note 19)  82,209.064  83.140.,303  (61.280,213)  82,367,590  83,475,580  (60,698,775)  Accrucd interest, taxes and other  expenses (Nole 23)  1.257.015  (849.314)  (881.564)  1,281,626  (880,631)  (805.270)  Acceptances payable  83.759  (53.969)  83,759  563.557  (53,969)  Manager's and certificd chccks  outstanding  (118301)  358,467  (257.858)  (118,301)  358,467  (257,858)  Margin deposits and cash letters  of credil  23.764  (21.588)  (858,963)  23,764  (21,588)  (858.963)  Other liabilities (Nole 24  (2.686.346)  (252.655)  438,607  (2.853.1312  (433.884)  Net cash generaled from operations  37,736.315  85.680.034  90,853,792  37,081,763  85,405,486  90.112,715  Income laxcs  (2.471.302)  (1.258.589)  (23155871  Net cash provided by operating aclivities  35.297.584  88.382,490  34,723,992  87,797,/28  pain  ting  paid   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Consolidated  Parcnt Company  Ycars Endcd Dcccmbcr 31  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  (Amounts in Thousands)  CASII FLOWS FROM INVESTING  ACTIVITIES  Acquisitions of:  Financial asscts at FVTOCI  (P42,625,610) (P128,202,460) (P233,252,469)  Invcstmcnt sccuritics at amortized cost  (46,566,445)  (4,056.173)  (46,566,445)  (4,056,173)  Property and cquipmcnt (Notc 16)  1.902,489)  (1.503,659)  (556,392)  (1,346,186)  (1,122,887)  Software costs (Nole 18)  065.327)  (861.651)  (389.452)  (1,065,288)  (874,871)  (389,306)  Investment in joint ventures (Note 15)  (750,000)  (750,000)  (750,000)  (750,000)  Proceeds from:  Disposals or maturities of financial assets  at FVTOCI  3.909.601  14,116.186  188,352.808  3,909,601  14,116,186  188,352,808  Disposals of investmcnt in subsidiary  (Nole 15)  1.249.663  1.528,762  Disposals of investment properties and  chattel mortgages  1318.057  2515.05]  387.109  1,318,058  2.515.051  390,625  Disposals, redemptions or maturities of  investment sccuritics at amortized cosl  2.057.500  6.075.674  27,429,515  2,057,500  6.075.674  27,429.515  Disposals of property and cquipment  241.151  28.276  66,599  164.145  48.721  Dividends received  subsidiaries  (Nole 15)  63.375  Net cash used in investing activities  (12.824.711)  (17,698.209)  (84,211,977)  (12,295.259)  CASII FLOWS FROM FINANCING  ACTIVITIES  Scttlcmcnts of:  Bills payable and securities sold  under repurchase agreements  (Note 37)  (207.940.416)  (416.836,019)  (206,839,333)  (25,005,384)  (417.100,758)  Notes and bonds payable (Nole 37)  (15,411.983)  (13,500,000)  (15,411,983)  Procceds from:  Bills  payable and sccuritics sold  under  repurchasc agrecmcnts  (Note 37)  245.465.665  348.065.479  244,342,915  7.004,386  347,826,479  Issuance of LTNCD (Nole 19)  2.053.422  2,053.422  Issuance of notes and bonds payable  (Noles 22 and 37)  30.359,962  13.388,800  30,359,962  13.,388,800  Cash dividends  (Note 26)  (2,266,963)  (2.262.765)  (2.262.554)  (2,265,882)  (2,262.765)  (2.267,179)  Paymcnts of Icasc liabilities  (688.571  (731347  (573.852)  (688.57  (731.547)  (573.852  Net cash provided by (used in) financing  activities  51.429.677  (39.148,6+3)  (71.576.707)  (38.995.310)  (72.085.071  Eflect of exchangc ralc dilfcrcnccs  (3.071.214)  13.941.324  (3.077.110)  283.439  13.940.787  NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (1.218.038)  13.048.898  33,139,767  12.638.613  CASH AYD CASH EQUIVALENTS  AT BEGINNING OF YEAR  Cash and other cash items  11.083,299  13.310.838  9.883.536  11,083,174  13,310.713  9,883,511  Due from Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas  67,391.502  56,118.831  67,391,502  47,391,378  56.118,831  Due from other banks  13.126.213  10.034.045  9,275.093  13,000,265  9,459,629  9.110,862  Interbank loans rcccivablc and  securities purchascd undcr  resale agreements with the  Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas  29,424,643  17,598.097  8,000  121.025.657  75.285.460  120,899,584  87,759.817  75.121,204  from  paid   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

<!-- image -->

| Consolidated  Parcnt Company  Years Ended Dccember 31  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  (Amounts in Thousands)  CASII AND CASII EQUIVALENTS  AT END OF YEAR  Cash and other cash ilems  P13,180,172  P13,310.838  P13,180,047  P11,083,174  P13.310,713  Due from Bangko Sentral ng  Pilipinas  63.011.416  67.391.302  47.391,378  63,011,416  67,391,502  47.391,378  Due from other banks  20.097.291  10.034,045  20,033,377  13.000.265  9.459,629  Interbank loans receivable and  securities purchased under  resale agreements with the  Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas  23.518.740  17.598.097  23.518.740  29.424.643  P88.334.358  PI20.899.584  P87.759.817  OPERATIONAL CASII FLOWS FROM  LYTEREST AND DIVIDENDS  Intcrest rcccivcd  P36,867.320  P33,830.932  P42.729,771  836,397,593  P29,404,454  P41.388,712  Intercst  6,261,589  11.518.385  6,271,507  5.353.559  9,335,653  Dividends received  2612  3.344  9.585  1,612  3.344  9.585  paid   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanving Notes 10 Financial Statements

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SECURITY BANK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. Corporate Information

Security Bank Corporation (the Parent Company) is a domestic corporation registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in 1951 and was listed in the Philippine Stock Exchange (PSE) in 1995.  The Parent Company's head office is located at Security Bank Centre, 6776 Ayala Avenue, Makati City.

The Parent Company was incorporated on May 8, 1951 and started its operations as a commercial bank on June 18, 1951.  On May 30, 2000, the Board of Directors (BOD) of the Parent Company approved its Amended Articles of Incorporation to extend the corporate term of the Parent Company, which would have expired on May 8, 2001, for another 50 years.  On February 19, 2001, the SEC approved such amendment.

On February 20, 2019, Republic Act No. 1132, otherwise known as the 'Revised Corporate Code of the Philippines' or 'RCC', was signed into law by President Rodrigo Duterte.  The RCC took effect on February 23, 2019.  The corporate term of a corporation with certificate of incorporation issued prior to the effectivity of the RCC and which continue to exist, shall be deemed perpetual upon the effectivity of the RCC, without any action on the part of the corporation.  As of February 23, 2019, the Bank is deemed to have selected a perpetual term.

In 1994, the Parent Company was approved by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) to operate as a universal bank, allowing it to expand its financial services and revenue sources.

The Parent Company provides expanded commercial banking services such as deposit products, loans and trade finance, domestic and foreign fund transfers, treasury, foreign exchange and trust services. In addition, the Parent Company is licensed to engage in financial derivatives to service the requirements of its customers and as a means of reducing and managing the Parent Company's foreign exchange and interest rate exposures.

The Parent Company and its subsidiaries and joint ventures (collectively referred to as the 'Group'), which are all incorporated in the Philippines, are engaged in the following businesses:

| Effective Percentage of  Ownership  Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures  Principal place of business  Line of Business  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  SB Capital Investment  Corporation (SBCIC)  18 th  floor, Security Bank Centre, 6776  Ayala Avenue, Makati City  Investment house  100.00  100.00  SB Equities, Inc. (SBEI)  18 th  floor, Security Bank Centre, 6776  Ayala Avenue, Makati City  Stock brokerage  100.00  100.00  SB International Services,  Inc. (SISI) ****  17 th  floor, Security Bank Centre, 6776  Ayala Avenue, Makati City  Marketing  services  100.00  100.00  SB Rental Corporation  (SBRC)  5 th  floor, Security Bank Centre, 6776  Ayala Avenue, Makati City  Rental / leasing  100.00  100.00  SB Cards Corporation (SBCC)**  Diners Club Center , 114 Valero St.  Salcedo Village, Makati City  Credit card  operations  100.00  100.00  Security Finance and Leasing Inc.  (formerly Landlink Property  Investments (SPV-AMC),  Inc. (LPII))**  Security Bank Centre, 6776 Ayala  Avenue, Makati City  Financing  100.00  100.00  SB Forex, Incorporated***  Security Bank Centre, 6776 Ayala  Avenue, Makati City  Foreign exchange  services  100.00  100.00  SBM Leasing, Inc. (SBML)*  5 th  floor, Security Bank Centre, 6776  Financing  60.00  60.00   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Ayala Avenue, Makati City

| Effective Percentage of  Ownership  Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures  Principal place of business  Line of Business  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  SB Finance, Inc. (SBFI)  (formerly SB Finance  Company, Inc.)*  Keyland Arnaiz Building, 849  Antonio Arnaiz Avenue, Legaspi  Village, Makati City 1229  Financing  49.96  49.76   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Joint Venture.

** With BOD approval to shorten corporate life on December 31, 2023.

*** Corporate term ended February 28, 2022, awaiting clearance from regulatory agencies.

**** Corporate term ended December 31, 2021, awaiting clearance from regulatory agencies.

The Parent Company is the Ultimate Parent Company of the Group.

On October 20, 2020, after obtaining regulatory approvals in the Philippines and in Thailand, the Parent Company completed the sale of 50% outstanding shares of  SBFI shares to The Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Ltd. (Krungsri).  Accordingly, SBFI ceased to be a subsidiary of the Parent Company.  The financial statements of SBFI were deconsolidated from the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

On February 23, 2021, the Parent Company's BOD approved an additional capital infusion amounting to P =1.5 billion to SBFI. Krungsri likewise approved an equivalent capital infusion to SBFI of P =1.5 billion for a total of P =3.0 billion.  SBFI issued 25,850,000 common shares which was subscribed on a 50:50 basis by the Parent Company and Krungsri.

On May 21, 2021, SBFI obtained the first tranche of capital infusion from the Parent Company and Krungsri amounting to P =1.5 billion.  SBFI issued 850,000 common shares with par value of P100 per share for P =500.0 million from its remaining unissued common shares..

The remaining P =1.0 billion from the first tranche represents subscription payments required by the SEC for SBFI's application to increase  its authorized capital stock for an additional 25,000,000 common shares.  This was approved by the SEC on December 29, 2021 and accordingly, SBFI issued the corresponding 10,000,000 common shares corresponding to the P =1.0 billion subscription payment.

On January 18, 2022, SBFI obtained the second tranche of capital infusion from the Parent Company and Krungsri amounting to P =1.5 billion.  Accordingly, SBFI issued the remaining 15,000,000 common shares.

## 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Basis of Preparation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Parent Company and its subsidiaries.

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except for financial assets and financial liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss (FVTPL), financial assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) and derivative assets and liabilities designated as hedges that have been measured at fair value.  The carrying values of recognized loans and receivables and investment securities at amortized cost that are hedged items in fair value hedges, and otherwise carried at amortized cost, are adjusted to record changes in fair value attributable to the risks that are being hedged.  The financial statements are presented in Philippine Peso and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand peso (P =000) except when otherwise indicated.

<!-- image -->

The financial statements of the Parent Company include the accounts maintained in the Regular Banking Unit (RBU) and Foreign Currency Deposit Unit (FCDU).  The functional currency of the RBU and the FCDU is the Philippine peso and United States dollar (USD), respectively.  For financial reporting purposes, FCDU accounts and foreign currency-denominated accounts in the RBU are translated into their equivalents in Philippine peso, which is the Parent Company's presentation currency.  The financial statements individually prepared for these units are combined after eliminating inter-unit accounts.

The consolidated financial statements provide comparative information in respect of the previous period.

Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and the items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.  The functional currency of each of the Parent Company's subsidiaries is the Philippine Peso.

## Statement of Compliance

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in compliance with Philippine Financial Reporting Standards (PFRSs).

## Basis of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements of the Group are prepared for the same reporting period as the subsidiaries, using consistent accounting policies.

Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Specifically, the Group controls an investee if and only if the Group has:

-  Power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee);
-  Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
-  The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.

When the Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

-  The contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;
-  Rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
-  The Group's voting rights and potential voting rights.

The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control.  Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary.  Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the statement of comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

Profit or loss and each component of Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) are attributed to the equity holders of the Parent Company and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the noncontrolling interests having a deficit balance.  When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies used in line with those used by the Group.

<!-- image -->

All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.  If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it:

-  derecognizes the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary;
-  derecognizes the carrying amount of any non-controlling interests;
-  derecognizes the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity;
-  recognizes the fair value of the consideration received;
-  recognizes the fair value of any investment retained;
-  recognizes any surplus or deficit in profit or loss; and
-  reclassifies the Parent Company's share of components' gains (losses) previously recognized in OCI to profit or loss or surplus, as appropriate, as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

## Non-controlling Interest

Non-controlling interest represents the portion of profit or loss and net assets not owned, directly or indirectly, by the Parent Company.

Non-controlling interests are presented separately in the consolidated statement of income, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, and within equity in the consolidated statement of financial position, separately from equity attributable to the Parent Company.  Any losses applicable to the non-controlling interests are allocated against the interests of the non-controlling interest even if this results in the non-controlling interest having a deficit balance.  Acquisitions of non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions, whereby the difference between the consideration and the fair value of the share of the net assets acquired is recognized as an equity transaction and attributed to the owners of the Parent Company.

## Changes in Accounting Policies

Except for these new and amended standards which were adopted as of January 1, 2022, the accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of previous financial year.

The adoption of the following amendments did not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group:

-  Amendments to Philippine Financial Reporting Standard (PFRS) 3, Reference to the Conceptual Framework
-  Amendments to PAS 16, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use
-  Amendments to PAS 37, Onerous Contracts - Costs of Fulfilling a Contract
-  Annual Improvements to PFRSs 2018-2020 Cycle
- o Amendments to PFRS 1, First-time Adoption of Philippines Financial Reporting Standards, Subsidiary as a first-time adopter
- o Amendments to PFRS 9, Financial Instruments , Fees in the '10 percent' Test for Derecognition of Financial Liabilities
- o Amendments to PAS 41, Agriculture, Taxation in Fair Value Measurements

## Fair Value Measurement

For measurement and disclosure purposes, the Group determines the fair value of an asset or liability at initial measurement or at each statement of financial position date.

<!-- image -->

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., an exit price).  The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:

-  In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
-  In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.

The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to the Group.

The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

If the asset or liability measured at fair value has a bid and ask price, the price within the bid-ask spread that is most representative of fair value in the circumstances shall be used to measure fair value, regardless of where the input is categorized within the fair value hierarchy.

A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

-  Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
-  Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or indirectly observable
-  Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable

For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between Levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorization (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

External appraisers are involved for valuation of significant non-financial assets, such as investment properties.  Selection criteria include market knowledge, reputation, independence and whether professional standards are maintained.

For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Group has determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy (see Note 6).

<!-- image -->

## Financial Instruments - Initial Recognition and Subsequent Measurement

## Date of recognition

Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame generally established by regulation or convention in the market, except for derivatives, are recognized on the settlement date.  Settlement date is the date on which the transaction is settled by delivery of the assets that are the subject of the agreement.  Settlement date accounting refers to (a) the recognition of an asset on the day it is received by the Group, and (b) the derecognition of an asset and recognition of any gain or loss on disposal on the day that it is delivered by the Group.  Deposits, amounts due to banks and customers, loans and receivables and spot transactions are recognized when cash is received by the Group or advanced to the borrowers.

Derivatives are recognized on trade date - the date that the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.  Trade date accounting refers to (a) the recognition of an asset to be received and the liability to pay for it on the trade date, and (b) derecognition of an asset that is sold, recognition of any gain or loss on disposal and the recognition of a receivable from the buyer for payment on the trade date.

## Initial recognition of financial instruments

All financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value plus any directly attributable cost of acquisition or issue, except in the case of financial assets and financial liabilities at FVTPL.

## 'Day 1' difference

Where the transaction price is different from the fair value based on other observable current market transactions in the same instrument or based on a valuation technique whose variables include only data from observable market, the Group immediately recognizes the difference between the transaction price and the fair value of the instrument (a 'Day 1' difference) in the statement of income unless it qualifies for recognition as some other type of asset or liability.  In cases where data used is not observable, the difference between the transaction price and model value is only recognized in the statement of income when the inputs become observable or when the instrument is derecognized.  For each transaction, the Group determines the appropriate method of recognizing the 'Day 1' difference amount.

## Classification and Measurement of Financial Assets

For purposes of classifying financial assets, an instrument is an 'equity instrument' if it is a nonderivative and meets the definition of 'equity' from the point of view of the issuer (under PAS 32, Financial Instruments: Presentation ), except for certain non-derivative puttable instruments presented as equity by the issuer.  All other non-derivative financial instruments are 'debt instruments'.

## Business model assessment

The Group determines its business model at the level that best reflects how it manages groups of financial assets to achieve its business objective.  The Group's business model is not assessed on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but at a higher level of aggregated portfolios and is based on observable factors such as:

-  How the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business model are evaluated and reported to the entity's key management personnel
-  The risks that affect the performance of the business model (and the financial assets held within that business model) and, in particular, the way those risks are managed
-  The expected frequency, value and timing of sales are also important aspects of the Group's assessment

<!-- image -->

The business model assessment is based on reasonably expected scenarios without taking 'worst case' or 'stress case' scenarios into account.  If cash flows after initial recognition are realized in a way that is different from the Group's original expectations, the Group does not change the classification of the remaining financial assets held in that business model, but incorporates such information when assessing newly originated or newly purchased financial assets going forward.

## The solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) test

As a second step of its classification process the Group assesses the contractual terms of financial assets to identify whether they meet the SPPI test.

'Principal' for the purpose of this test is defined as the fair value of the financial asset at initial recognition and may change over the life of the financial asset (for example, if there are repayments of principal or amortization of the premium/discount).

The most significant elements of interest within a lending arrangement are typically the consideration for the time value of money and credit risk.  To make the SPPI assessment, the Group applies judgement and considers relevant factors such as the currency in which the financial asset is denominated, and the period for which the interest rate is set.

In contrast, contractual terms that introduce a more than de minimis exposure to risks or volatility in the contractual cash flows that are unrelated to a basic lending arrangement do not give rise to contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the amount outstanding. In such cases, the financial asset is required to be measured at FVTPL.

## Financial assets at amortized cost

Debt financial assets are measured at amortized cost if both of the following conditions are met:

-  the asset is held within the Group's business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; and
-  the contractual terms of the instrument give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Debt financial assets meeting these criteria are measured initially at fair value plus transaction costs. They are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method less any impairment in value, with the interest calculated recognized as 'Interest income' in the statement of income.  The Group classified 'Cash and other cash items (COCI)', 'Due from BSP', 'Due from other banks', 'Interbank loans receivable and Securities purchased under resale agreements (SPURA) with the BSP', 'Investment securities at amortized cost', 'Loans and receivables', and cash collateral deposits and security deposits (included under 'Other assets') as financial assets at amortized cost.

The Group may irrevocably elect at initial recognition to classify a debt financial asset that meets the amortized cost criteria above as at FVTPL if that designation eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch had the debt financial asset been measured at amortized cost.

## Financial assets at FVTPL

Debt financial assets that do not meet the amortized cost criteria, or that meet the criteria but the Group has chosen to designate as at FVTPL at initial recognition, are measured at fair value through profit or loss.

Equity investments are classified as at FVTPL, unless the Group designates an investment that is not held for trading as at FVTOCI at initial recognition.

<!-- image -->

A financial asset is held for trading if:

-  it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling it in the near term; or
-  on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and has evidence of a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
-  it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument or a financial guarantee.

The Group's financial assets at FVTPL include government securities, private bonds and equity securities held for trading purposes, debt and hybrid instruments that do not meet the amortized cost criteria, and equity investments not designated as at FVTOCI.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group has not designated any debt instrument that meets the amortized cost criteria as at FVTPL.

Financial assets at FVTPL are carried at fair value and gains and losses on these instruments are recognized as 'Trading and securities gain (loss) - net ' in the statement of income.  Interest earned on these investments is reported in the statement of income under 'Interest income' while dividend income is reported in the statement of income under 'Miscellaneous income' when the right of payment has been established.  Quoted market prices, when available, are used to determine the fair value of these financial instruments.  If a financial asset at FVTPL has a bid and ask price, the price within the bid-ask spread that is most representative of fair value in the circumstances shall be used to measure fair value.  If quoted market prices are not available, their fair values are estimated based on market observable inputs.  For all other financial instruments not listed in an active market, the fair value is determined by using appropriate valuation techniques.

The fair value of financial assets denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency and translated at the Bankers Association of the Philippines (BAP) closing rate at the statement of financial position date.  The foreign exchange component forms part of its fair value gain or loss.  For financial assets classified as at FVTPL, the foreign exchange component is recognized in the statement of income.  For foreign currency-denominated debt instruments classified as at amortized cost, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortized cost of the asset and are recognized in the statement of income.

## Equity instruments at FVTOCI

At initial recognition, the Group can make an irrevocable election (on an instrument-by-instrument basis) to designate equity investments as at FVTOCI.  Designation as at FVTOCI is not permitted if the equity investment is held for trading.

Equity investments as at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value, with no deduction for sale or disposal costs.  Gains and losses arising from changes in fair value are recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in 'Net unrealized gain on financial assets at FVTOCI' in the statement of financial position.  Where the asset is disposed of, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in 'Net unrealized gain on financial assets at FVTOCI' is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is reclassified to 'Surplus'.  Equity instruments at FVTOCI are not subject to an impairment assessment.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group has designated certain equity instruments that are not held for trading as at FVTOCI on initial application of PFRS 9 (see Note 12).

<!-- image -->

Dividends earned on holding these equity instruments are recognized in the statement of income when the Group's right to receive the dividends is established in accordance with PFRS 9, unless the dividends clearly represent recovery of a part of the cost of the investment.  Dividends earned are recognized under 'Miscellaneous income' in the statement of income.

## Debt instruments at FVTOCI

The Group applies this category under PFRS 9 of debt instruments measured at FVTOCI when both of the following conditions are met:

-  The instrument is held within a business model, the objective of which is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets
-  The contractual terms of the financial asset meet the SPPI test

Debt instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses arising due to changes in fair value recognized in OCI.  Interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortized cost.  On derecognition, cumulative gains or losses previously recognized in OCI are reclassified from OCI to profit or loss.

## Derivative instruments

The Parent Company uses derivative instruments such as cross-currency swaps, interest rate swaps, foreign currency forward contracts, options on foreign currencies and bonds and interest rate futures. These derivatives are entered into as a service to customers and as a means for reducing or managing the Parent Company's respective foreign exchange and interest rate exposures, as well as for trading purposes.  Such derivative instruments are initially recorded at fair value and carried as financial assets at FVTPL when their fair value is positive and as financial liabilities at FVTPL when their fair value is negative.

Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivative instruments (except for foreign currency forwards) are recognized as 'Trading and securities gain (loss) - net '.  For foreign currency forwards, changes in fair value are recognized in 'Foreign exchange gain - net' in the statement of income.

Interest income is recognized in the statement of income if the 'receive leg' is higher than the 'pay leg' of interest-earning derivatives.  Interest expense is recognized in the statement of income if the 'pay leg' is higher than the 'receive leg' of interest-bearing derivatives.

Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the scope of PFRS 9 (e.g., financial liabilities and non-financial host contracts) are treated as separate derivatives when their risks and characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not measured at FVTPL.

The Group assesses the existence of an embedded derivative on the date it first becomes a party to the contract, and performs re-assessment only where there is a change to the contract that significantly modifies the contractual cash flows.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Parent Company's hybrid financial instruments are classified as at FVTPL (see Note 10).

<!-- image -->

## Reclassification of financial assets

The Group can reclassify financial assets if the objective of its business model for managing those financial assets changes.  The Group is required to reclassify the following financial assets:

-  from amortized cost to FVTPL if the objective of the business model changes so that the amortized cost criteria are no longer met; and
-  from FVTPL to amortized cost if the objective of the business model changes so that the amortized cost criteria start to be met and the instrument's contractual cash flows meet the amortized cost criteria; and
-  from FVTOCI to amortized cost if the objective of the business model changes so that the fair value criteria are no longer met but the amortized cost criteria are still met and the instrument's contractual cash flows meet the amortized cost criteria.

Reclassification of financial assets designated as at FVTPL or equity financial assets at FVTOCI at initial recognition is not permitted.

A change in the objective of the Group's business model must be effected before the reclassification date.  The reclassification date is the beginning of the next reporting period following the change in the business model.

## Impairment of Financial Assets

The Group and the Parent Company record the allowance for expected credit losses for all loans and receivables and other debt financial assets not held at FVTPL, together with loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts, all referred to as 'financial instruments'.  Equity instruments are not subject to impairment under PFRS 9.

Expected Credit Loss (ECL) represents credit losses that reflect an unbiased and probability-weighted amount which is determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.  ECL allowances are measured at amounts equal to either (i) 12-month ECL or (ii) lifetime ECL for those financial instruments which have experienced a significant increase in credit risk (SICR) since initial recognition (General Approach).  The 12-month ECL is the portion of lifetime ECL that results from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date.  Lifetime ECL are credit losses that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.

## Staging assessment

A three-stage approach for impairment of financial assets is used, based on whether there has been a significant deterioration in the credit risk of a financial asset.  These three stages then determine the amount of impairment to be recognized.

## For non-credit-impaired financial instruments:

-  Stage 1 is comprised of all financial instruments which have not experienced a SICR since initial recognition or is considered of low credit risk as of the reporting date.  The criteria for determining whether an account should be assessed under Stage 1 are as follows: (i) current including past due up within the cure period of up to 30 days; (ii) unclassified, or (iii) no significant increase in the probability of default (PD).  For the wholesale loans, Stage 1 criteria (i) are considered; while for the retail loans, Stage 1 criteria (i), and (ii) are used.  The Group recognizes a 12-month ECL for Stage 1 financial instruments.

<!-- image -->

-  Stage 2 is comprised of all financial instruments which have experienced a SICR as of reporting date compared to initial recognition.  A SICR is generally deemed present in accounts with: (i) more than 30 days up to 90 days past due; (ii) especially mentioned; (iii) substandard; (iv) small accounts with Borrower Risk Rating of 10 or (v) with significant increase in PD.  For the wholesale loans, Stage 2 criteria (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) are considered; while for the retail loans, only Stage 2 criteria (i) and (iii) are used.  The Group recognizes a lifetime ECL for Stage 2 financial instruments.

## For credit-impaired financial instruments:

-  Stage 3 is comprised of all financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more loss events that have occurred after initial recognition with a negative impact on the estimated future cash flows of a loan or a portfolio of loans.  The Group's criteria for Stage 3 accounts are generally aligned with the definition of 'default' which is explained in the next paragraph.  The Group recognizes a lifetime ECL for Stage 3 financial instruments.

## Definition of 'default' and 'restored'

The Group classifies loans, investments, receivables, or any financial asset as in default when it is credit impaired, becomes past due on its contractual payments for more than 90 days, considered nonperforming, under litigation or is classified as doubtful or loss.  As part of a qualitative assessment of whether a customer is in default, the Group considers a variety of instances that may indicate unlikeliness to pay.  When such events occur, the Group carefully considers whether the event should result in treating the customer as defaulted.  An instrument is considered to be no longer in default (i.e., restored) if there is sufficient evidence to support that full collection is probable and payments are received for at least six months.

## Credit risk at initial recognition

The Group uses internal credit assessment and approvals at various levels to determine the credit risk of exposures at initial recognition.  Assessment can be quantitative or qualitative and depends on the materiality of the facility or the complexity of the portfolio to be assessed.

For accounts originated before the transition date, an approximation of the initial PD at origination was utilized.  Average PD per portfolio was used as approximated initial PD at origination.  Average of the Point-in-Time PDs was used since most of the accounts were booked in the same year.

## Modification

In certain circumstances, the Group modifies the original terms and conditions of a credit exposure to form a new loan agreement or payment schedule. The modifications can be given depending on the borrower's or counterparty's current or expected financial difficulty. The modifications may include, but are not limited to, change in interest rate and terms, principal amount, maturity date, date and amount of periodic payments and accrual of interest and charges.

## Significant increase in credit risk

The assessment of whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk is based on an increase in the probability of a default occurring since initial recognition.  The SICR criteria vary by portfolio and include quantitative changes in probabilities of default and qualitative factors, including a backstop based on delinquency.  The credit risk of a particular exposure is deemed to have increased significantly since initial recognition if, based on the Group's internal credit assessment, the borrower or counterparty is determined to require close monitoring or with well-defined credit weaknesses.

<!-- image -->

For exposures without internal credit grades, if contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, the credit risk is deemed to have increased significantly since initial recognition.  Days past due are determined by counting the number of days since the earliest elapsed due date in respect of which full payment has not been received.  Due dates are determined without considering any grace period that might be available to the borrower except as provided by law. In subsequent reporting periods, if the credit risk of the financial instrument improves such that there is no longer a SICR since initial recognition, the Group shall revert to recognizing a 12-month ECL.

## ECL parameters and methodologies

ECL is a function of the probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and exposure at default (EAD), with the timing of the loss also considered, and is estimated by incorporating forward-looking economic information and through the use of experienced credit judgment.

The PD is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a 12-month horizon for Stage 1 or lifetime horizon for Stages 2 and 3.  The PD for each individual instrument is modelled based on historic data and is estimated based on current market conditions and reasonable and supportable information about future economic conditions.  The Group segments its credit exposures based on homogenous risk characteristics and developed a corresponding PD methodology for each portfolio.  The PD methodology for each relevant portfolio is determined based on the underlying nature or characteristic of the portfolio, behavior of the accounts and materiality of the segment as compared to the total portfolio.

LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, including from any collateral.  It makes use of defaulted accounts that have either been identified as cured, restructured, or liquidated. The Group segmented its LGD based on homogenous risk characteristics and calculated the corresponding averages based on security.

EAD is an estimate of the exposure at a future default date, taking into account expected changes in the exposure after the reporting date, including repayments of principal and interest, and expected drawdowns on committed facilities.

## Forward-looking information

The Group incorporates forward-looking information into both its assessment of whether the credit risk of an instrument has increased significantly since its initial recognition and its measurement of ECL.  A broad range of forward-looking information are considered as economic inputs, such as GDP growth, exchange rate, interest rate, inflation rate and other economic indicators.  The inputs and models used for calculating ECL may not always capture all characteristics of the market at the date of the financial statements.  To reflect this, qualitative adjustments or overlays are occasionally made as temporary adjustments when such differences are significantly material.

The key forward-looking economic variables used in each of the economic scenarios for the ECL calculations are GDP changes in inventory, current prices, Business outlook index on the macroeconomy - Real Estate, Unemployment Rate, Universal Bank NPL Rate and SBC Portfolio NPL Rate.

## Debt instruments measured at FVTOCI

The ECLs for debt instruments measured at FVTOCI do not reduce the carrying amount of these financial assets in the statement of financial position, which remains at fair value.  Instead, an amount equal to the allowance that would arise if the assets are measured at amortized cost is recognized in OCI as an accumulated impairment amount, with a corresponding charge to profit or loss.  The accumulated loss recognized in OCI is recycled to the profit and loss upon derecognition of the assets.

<!-- image -->

## Consumer loans and credit card receivab les

The Group does not limit its exposure to credit losses to the contractual notice period, but, instead calculates ECL over a period that reflects the Group's expectations of the customer behavior, its likelihood of default and the Group's future risk mitigation procedures, which could include reducing or cancelling the facilities.  Based on past experience and the Group's expectations, the period over which the Group calculates ECLs for these products is based on the remaining term.

## Restructured loans

Where possible, the Group seeks to restructure loans rather than to take possession of collateral.  This may involve extending the payment arrangements and the agreement of new loan conditions.  Once the terms have been renegotiated, the loan is no longer considered as past due.  Management continuously reviews restructured loans to ensure that all criteria are met and that future payments are likely to occur.

## Financial Liabilities

## Financial liabilities at FVTPL

Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is either held for trading or it is designated as at FVTPL.

Financial liabilities held for trading include:

-  derivative liabilities that are not accounted for as hedging instruments;
-  obligations to deliver financial assets borrowed by a short seller (i.e., an entity that sells financial assets it has borrowed and does not yet own);
-  financial liabilities that are incurred with an intention to repurchase them in the near term (e.g., a quoted debt instrument that the issuer may buy back in the near term depending on changes in its fair value ); and
-  financial liabilities that are part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that are managed together and for which there is evidence of a recent pattern of short-term profit-taking.

Management  may  designate  a  financial  liability  as  at  FVTPL  upon  initial  recognition  when  the following criteria are met, and designation is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis:

-  The designation eliminates or significantly reduces the inconsistent treatment that would otherwise arise from measuring the liabilities or recognizing gains or losses on them on a different basis; or
-  The liabilities are part of a group of financial liabilities which are managed and their performance evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with a documented risk management or investment strategy; or
-  The financial instrument contains an embedded derivative, unless the embedded derivative does not significantly modify the cash flows or it is clear, with little or no analysis, that it would not be separately recorded.

Financial liabilities at FVTPL are recorded in the statements of financial position at fair value. Changes in fair value of financial instruments are recorded in 'Trading and securities gain (loss) - net' in the statement of income.  Interests incurred are recorded in 'Interest expense' in the statement of income.

<!-- image -->

## Bills payable and other borrowed funds

Bills payable and other borrowed funds are issued financial instruments or their components, which are not financial liabilities at FVTPL.  They are classified as such when the substance of the contractual arrangement results in the Group having an obligation either to deliver cash or another financial asset to the holder, or to satisfy the obligation other than by the exchange of a fixed amount of cash or another financial asset for a fixed number of own equity shares.

After initial measurement, bills payable and similar financial liabilities not qualified as and not recognized as financial liabilities at FVTPL, are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.  Amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on the issue and fees that are an integral part of the EIR.

## Derecognition of Financial Assets and Liabilities

## Financial assets

A financial asset (or, where applicable a part of a financial asset or part of a group of financial assets) is derecognized when:

-  the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
-  the Group retains the right to receive cash flows from the asset, but has assumed an obligation to pay them in full without material delay to a third party under a pass-through arrangement; or
-  the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset and either (a) has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) has neither transferred nor retained the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control over the asset.

Where the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, and has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control over the asset, the asset is recognized to the extent of the Group's continuing involvement in the asset.  Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

The Group considers both qualitative and quantitative factors in assessing whether a modification of financial asset is substantial or not.  When assessing whether a modification is substantial, the Group considers the following factors, among others:

-  Change in currency
-  Introduction of an equity feature
-  Change in counterparty
-  If the modification results in the asset no longer considered 'solely payment for principal and interest'

The Group also performs a quantitative assessment similar to that being performed for modification of financial liabilities.  In performing the quantitative assessment, the Group considers the new terms of a financial asset to be substantially different if the present value of the cash flows under the new terms, including any fees paid net of any fees received and discounted using the original effective interest rate, is at least 10% different from the present value of the remaining cash flows of the original financial asset.

<!-- image -->

When the contractual cash flows of a financial asset are renegotiated or otherwise modified and the renegotiation or modification does not result in the derecognition of that financial asset, the Group recalculates the gross carrying amount of the financial asset as the present value of the renegotiated or modified contractual cash flows discounted at the original EIR (or credit-adjusted EIR for purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets) and recognizes a modification gain or loss in the statement of income.

When the modification of a financial asset results in the derecognition of the existing financial asset and the subsequent recognition of a new financial asset, the modified asset is considered a 'new ' financial asset. Accordingly, the date of the modification shall be treated as the date of initial recognition of that financial asset when applying the impairment requirements to the modified financial asset.  The newly recognized financial asset is classified as Stage 1 for ECL measurement purposes, unless the new financial asset is deemed to be originated as credit impaired.

## Financial liabilities

A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged, cancelled or has expired.  When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability, and the difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognized in the statement of income.

## Financial Guarantees

In the ordinary course of business, the Parent Company provides financial guarantees.  Financial guarantees are initially recognized in the financial statements at fair value, and the initial fair value is amortized over the life of the financial guarantee in accordance with PFRS 15.  The financial guarantee is subsequently carried at the higher of the amount of loss allowance determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model and the amount initially recognized, less when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognized in accordance with PFRS 15.

## Offsetting of Financial Instruments

Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statements of financial position, if and only if, there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to either settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.  This is not generally the case with master netting agreements, therefore, the related assets and liabilities are presented gross in the statement of financial position.

## Cash and Cash Equivalents

For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of 'COCI', 'Due from BSP', 'Due from other banks', and 'Interbank loans receivable and SPURA with the BSP' that are convertible to known amounts of cash, with original maturities of three months or less from dates of placements and that are subject to insignificant risk of changes in value.  'Due from BSP' includes the statutory reserves required by the BSP which the Parent Company considers as cash equivalents wherein drawings can be made to meet cash requirements.

## Repurchase and Reverse Repurchase Agreements

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase at a specified future date ('repos') are not derecognized from the statement of financial position.  The corresponding cash received, including accrued interest, is recognized in the statements of financial position as 'Securities sold under repurchase agreements (SSURA)', reflecting the economic substance of such transaction.

<!-- image -->

Conversely, securities purchased under agreements to resell at a specified future date ('reverse repos') are not recognized in the statements of financial position.  The corresponding cash paid, including accrued interest, is recognized in the statements of financial position as SPURA, and is considered a loan to the counterparty.  The difference between the purchase price and resale price is treated as interest income and is accrued over the life of the agreement using the effective interest method.

## Foreign Currency Translation

## Transactions and balances

For financial reporting purposes, the foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities in the RBU are translated into their equivalents in Philippine pesos based on the BAP closing rate, prevailing at the statement of financial position date and foreign currency-denominated income and expenses, at the prevailing exchange rate at the date of transaction.  Foreign exchange differences arising from revaluation and translation of foreign-currency denominated assets and liabilities are credited to or charged against operations in the year in which the rates change.

Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions.  Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is determined.

## FCDU

As at the reporting date, the assets and liabilities of the FCDU of the Parent Company are translated into the Parent Company's presentation currency (the Philippine Peso) at BAP closing rate prevailing at the statements of financial position date, and its income and expenses are translated at BAP weighted average rate (BAPWAR) for the year.  Exchange differences arising on translation to the presentation currency are taken to the statement of comprehensive income under 'Cumulative translation adjustment'.  Upon disposal of the FCDU or upon actual remittance of FCDU profits to RBU, the deferred cumulative amount recognized in the statement of comprehensive income is recognized in the statement of income.

## Investments in Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures

## Investment in subsidiaries

Subsidiaries pertain to all entities over which the Group has control.

## Interest in joint ventures

A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement where the multiple parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture.  Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.  The Group's investment in joint ventures represent its 60.0% interest in SBML and 49.96% interest in SBFI.

The considerations made in determining joint control are similar to those necessary to determine control over subsidiaries.

The Group and the Parent Company's investment in its subsidiaries and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method.  Under the equity method, the investment in a subsidiary and/or joint venture is initially recognized at cost.  The carrying amount of the investment is adjusted to recognize changes in the Group and the Parent Company's share of net assets of the subsidiary and/or joint venture since the acquisition date.  Goodwill relating to the subsidiary and/or joint venture is included in the carrying amount of the investment and is neither amortized nor individually tested for impairment.

<!-- image -->

The statement of income reflects the Group and the Parent Company's share of the results of operations of the subsidiary and/or joint venture.  Any change in OCI of the investee is presented as part of the Group and the Parent Company's OCI.  In addition, when there has been a change recognized directly in the equity of the subsidiary and/or joint venture, the Group and the Parent Company recognizes its share of any changes, when applicable, in the statements of changes in equity.  Unrealized gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the joint venture are eliminated to the extent of the interest in the joint venture.

The aggregate of the Group's share of profit or loss of a subsidiary and joint venture is shown on the face of the statement of income under 'Share in net income of subsidiaries and joint ventures' and represents profit or loss after tax and non-controlling interests in the subsidiaries and joint ventures.

The financial statements of the subsidiaries and joint venture are prepared for the same reporting period as the Group.  When necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Group.

After application of the equity method, the Group and the Parent Company determine whether it is necessary to recognize an impairment loss on its investment in subsidiaries and joint venture.  At each statement of financial position date, the Group and the Parent Company determines whether there is objective evidence that the investment in subsidiaries and joint venture is impaired.  If there is such evidence, the Group and the Parent Company calculate the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the subsidiaries and joint venture and their carrying value, then recognizes the loss in the statement of income.

Upon loss of joint control over the subsidiary or joint venture, the Group and the Parent Company measures and recognizes any retained investment at its fair value.  Any difference between the carrying amount of the joint venture upon loss of joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognized in the statement of income.

## Transfer of business from subsidiary to the Parent

The Parent Company accounts for the transfer as if it has effectively received a distribution that it accounts for at the fair value of the business received.  Any excess in the fair value of the net assets received over the consideration is recognized in the statement of income.  This reflects the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair value, including goodwill, which will be measured as at the date of the transfer.  These transfers have no effect on the consolidated financial statements.

## Property and Equipment

Land is stated at cost less any impairment in value.  Depreciable properties including building and improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, transportation equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization, and any impairment in value.

The initial cost of property and equipment consists of its purchase price, including import duties, taxes and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.  Expenditures incurred after the property and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and maintenance are charged against operations in the year in which the costs are incurred.  In situations where it can be clearly demonstrated that the expenditures have resulted in an increase in the future economic benefits expected to be obtained from the use of an item of property and equipment beyond its originally assessed standard of performance, the expenditures are capitalized as an additional cost of property and equipment.  When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and the related accumulated depreciation and amortization and any impairment

<!-- image -->

in value are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is reflected as income or loss in the statement of income.

Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful life (EUL) of the depreciable assets.  The range of EUL of property and equipment follows:

| Years  Building and improvements  20  Furniture, fixtures and equipment  3-5  Transportation equipment  5  Leasehold improvements  5-15   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Leasehold improvements are amortized over the applicable EUL of the improvements or the terms of the related leases, whichever is shorter.

The EUL and the depreciation and amortization method are reviewed periodically to ensure that the period and the method of depreciation and amortization are consistent with the expected pattern of economic benefits from items of property and equipment.

The carrying values of property and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.  If any such indication exists and where the carrying values exceed the estimated recoverable amount, the assets are written down to their recoverable amounts (see accounting policy on Impairment of Non-financial Assets).

## Right-of-use Assets

The Group recognizes right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is available for use).  Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.  The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognized, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lease term, as follows:

| Years  Buildings and improvements  2 to 15  Transportation equipment  2 to 3   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Investment Properties

Investment properties are measured initially at cost including transaction costs.  An investment property acquired through an exchange transaction is measured at fair value of the asset acquired unless the fair value of such an asset cannot be measured in which case the investment property acquired is measured at the carrying amount of asset given up.  Any gain or loss on exchange is recognized in the statement of income.  Foreclosed properties are classified under 'Investment properties' upon:

-  entry of judgment in case of judicial foreclosure;
-  execution of the Sheriff's Certificate of Sale in case of extra-judicial foreclosure; or
-  notarization of the Deed of Dacion in case of payment in kind (dacion en pago).

<!-- image -->

## Real properties acquired

Depreciable real properties acquired are carried at cost, which is the fair value at acquisition date, less accumulated depreciation and any impairment in value.  Land is carried at cost less any impairment in value.  Transaction costs, which include non-refundable capital gains tax and documentary stamp tax, incurred in connection with foreclosure are capitalized as part of the cost of the real properties acquired.

The Group applies the cost model in accounting for investment properties.  Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the EUL of 10 years.  The EUL and the depreciation method are reviewed periodically to ensure that the period and the method of depreciation are consistent with the expected pattern of economic benefits from items of real properties acquired.

The carrying values of the real properties acquired are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.  If any such indication exists and where the carrying value exceeds the estimated recoverable amount, the assets are written down to their recoverable amounts (see accounting policy on Impairment of Non-financial Assets).

## Investments in real estate

Investments in real estate consist of investments in land and building.  Investments in land are carried at cost less impairment in value.  Building is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment in value.  All costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition and development of property are capitalized, including borrowing costs incurred to finance the property development. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over 10-15 years.

Investment properties are derecognized when they have either been disposed of or when they are permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from its disposal.  Any gains or losses on retirement or disposal of investment properties are recognized in the statement of income in the year of retirement or disposal as 'Profit from assets sold/exchanged'.

## Other Properties Acquired

Other properties acquired include chattel mortgage properties acquired in settlement of loan receivables.  The Group applies the cost model in accounting for other properties acquired.  Under the cost model, these assets are carried at cost, which is the fair value at acquisition date, less accumulated depreciation and any impairment in value.

Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the EUL of 3 years.  The EUL and the depreciation method are reviewed periodically to ensure that the period and the method of depreciation are consistent with the expected pattern of economic benefits from items of other properties acquired.

The carrying values of the other properties acquired are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.  If any such indication exists and where the carrying values exceed the estimated recoverable amount, the assets are written down to their recoverable amounts (see accounting policy on Impairment of Non-financial Assets).

An item of other properties acquired is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal.  Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the statement of income as 'Profit from assets sold/exchanged' in the year the asset is derecognized.

<!-- image -->

## Intangible Assets

Intangible assets consist of software costs, exchange trading right and branch licenses.  An intangible asset is recognized only when its cost can be measured reliably and it is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable to it will flow to the Group.

## Software costs

Costs related to software purchased by the Group for use in operations are amortized on a straightline basis over 3 to 10 years.  The amortization period and the amortization method for software cost are reviewed periodically to be consistent with the changes in the expected useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset.  The amortization expense on software costs is recognized in the statement of income.

## Exchange trading right

The exchange trading right of SBEI is an intangible asset regarded as having an indefinite useful life as there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which this asset is expected to generate cash inflows.  It is carried at the amount allocated from the original cost of the exchange membership seat (after a corresponding allocation was made to the value of the Philippine Stock Exchange shares) less impairment in value.  SBEI does not intend to sell the exchange trading right in the near future.

## Branch licenses

Branch licenses have been acquired and granted by the BSP, and capitalized on the basis of the cost incurred to acquire and bring to use in operation.  Branch licenses are determined to have indefinite useful lives and are tested for impairment annually.

The carrying values of intangible assets with definite useful lives are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.  If any such indication exists and where the carrying values exceed the estimated recoverable amount, the assets are written down to their recoverable amounts (see accounting policy on Impairment of Nonfinancial Assets).

## Business Combinations

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method.  The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the consideration transferred, measured at acquisition date fair value and the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree.  For each business combination, the acquirer measures the non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets.  Acquisition costs incurred are expensed and included in 'Miscellaneous expense' in the statement of income.

When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date.  This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts by the acquiree.

If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date through profit or loss.

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognized at fair value at the acquisition date.  Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and is within the scope of PFRS 9 is measured at fair value with changes in fair value either in profit or loss or as a change to OCI.  If the contingent consideration is not within the scope

<!-- image -->

of PFRS 9, it is measured in accordance with the appropriate PFRS.  Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

## Goodwill

Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of fair value of the consideration transferred and the amount recognized for non-controlling interest over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.  If this consideration is lower than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the Group assesses whether it has correctly identified all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts to be recognized at the acquisition date.  If the reassessment still results in an excess of the fair value of assets acquired over the aggregate consideration transferred, then the gain is recognized in statement of income.

Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually, or more frequently, if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired.  For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group's Cash Generating Unit (CGU) or a group of CGUs, which are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.  Each unit to which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes, and is not larger than an operating segment in accordance with PFRS 8.

Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU (or group of CGUs) and part of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the disposed operation is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal.  Goodwill disposed of in these circumstance is measured based on the relative values of the disposed operation and the portion of the CGU retained.

When an entity reorganizes its reporting structure in a way that changes the composition of one or more cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated, the goodwill shall be reallocated to the units affected.  This reallocation shall be performed using a relative value approach similar to that used when an entity disposes of an operation within a cash-generating unit, unless the entity can demonstrate that some other method better reflects the goodwill associated with the reorganized units.

When subsidiaries are sold, the difference between the selling price and the net assets plus cumulative translation differences and goodwill is recognized in the statement of income.

## Non-current Assets and Disposal Group Classified as Held for Sale

The Group classifies non-current assets and disposal group as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be recovered principally through a sale transaction. Such non-current assets and disposal groups are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.  Costs to sell are the incremental costs directly attributable to the sale, excluding the finance costs and income tax expense.

The criteria for held for sale classification is regarded as met only when the sale is highly probable and the asset or disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition.  Actions required to complete the sale should indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the sale will be made or that the decision to sell will be withdrawn.  Management must be committed to the sale expected within one year from the date of the classification.

<!-- image -->

Assets and liabilities of disposal group classified as held for sale are presented separately in the consolidated statements of financial position.

The Parent Company accounts for any investment to be retained over the disposal group at cost and presents it as part of 'Investment in subsidiaries' in the Parent Company's statement of financial position.

## Impairment of Non-financial Assets

Non-financial assets include property, equipment and right-of-use assets, investment properties, investment in subsidiaries and a joint venture, software costs, goodwill, exchange trading right, branch licenses and other properties acquired.

## Property, equipment and right-of-use assets, investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures, investment properties, and other properties acquired

The Group assesses at each statements of financial position date whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired.  If any indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group estimates the asset's recoverable amount.  An asset's recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's or CGU's fair value less cost to sell and its value in use (VIU).  Where the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.  In assessing VIU, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.  In determining fair value less costs to sell, an appropriate valuation model is used.  These calculations are corroborated by valuation multiples or other available fair value indicators.  Any impairment loss is charged to operations in the year in which it arises.

An assessment is made at each statement of financial position date as to whether there is any indication that previously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists, the Group estimates the asset's or CGU's recoverable amount.  A previously recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognized.  The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceeds the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years.  Such reversal is recognized in the statement of income.  After such a reversal, the depreciation expense is adjusted in future years to allocate the asset's revised carrying amount, less any residual value, on a systematic basis over its remaining life.

## Intangible assets - branch licenses, exchange trading right and software costs

Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually at each statement of financial position date either individually or at the cash generating unit level, as appropriate or when circumstances indicate that the intangible asset may be impaired.  Intangible assets with finite lives are assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired.

## Goodwill

Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired.

Impairment is determined for goodwill by assessing the recoverable amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which the goodwill relates.  Where the recoverable amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) is less than the carrying amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated, an impairment loss is recognized immediately in the statement of income.  Impairment losses relating to goodwill cannot be reversed for subsequent increases in its recoverable amount in future periods.

<!-- image -->

## Income Taxes

## Current income tax

Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current periods are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities.  The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted at the statements of financial position date.

## Deferred tax

Deferred tax is provided on all temporary differences at the statements of financial position date between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except:

-  Where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting income nor taxable income; and
-  In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax credits from excess minimum corporate income tax (MCIT) over regular corporate income tax (RCIT) and unused net operating loss carryover (NOLCO), to the extent that it is probable that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and carryforward of unused MCIT and unused NOLCO can be utilized except:

-  Where the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting income nor taxable income; and
-  In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable income will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each statement of financial position date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient future taxable income will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax assets to be utilized.  Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at each statement of financial position date and are recognized to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable income will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are applicable to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the statement of financial position date.

Deferred tax relating to items recognized outside profit or loss is recognized outside profit or loss. Deferred tax items are recognized in correlation to the underlying transaction either in OCI or directly in equity.

<!-- image -->

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.

## Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that economic benefits will flow to the Group and the revenue can be reliably measured.  Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received.  The Group assesses its revenue arrangements against specific criteria in order to determine if it is acting as principal or agent.  The Group has concluded that it is acting as principal in all of its revenue arrangements.

PFRS 15 supersedes PAS 11, Construction Contracts , PAS 18, Revenue and related Interpretations and it applies, with limited exceptions, to all revenue arising from contracts with its customers.

PFRS 15 establishes a five-step model to account for revenue arising from contracts with customers. The five-step model is as follows:

- a. Identify the contract(s) with a customer
- b. Identify the performance obligations in the contract
- c. Determine the transaction price
- d. Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation in the contract
- e. Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation

Under PFRS 15, revenue is recognized at an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer.

The standard requires the Group to exercise judgement, taking into consideration all of the relevant facts and circumstances when applying each step of the model to contracts with their customers.  The standard also specifies the accounting for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract and the costs directly related to fulfilling a contract.

Except for the recognition of revenues from the Parent Company's credit card business, the specific recognition criteria that must be met before revenue is recognized across the Group's revenue streams did not materially change from PAS 18.

The following specific recognition criteria must also be met before revenue is recognized:

Revenues within the scope of PFRS 15:

## Service charges and penalties

Service charges and penalties are recognized only upon collection or accrued when there is reasonable degree of certainty as to its collectibility.

## Fees and commissions

## a. Fee income earned from services that are provided over time

Fees earned for the provision of services over a period of time are accrued over that period.  Loan commitment fees are recognized as earned over the term of the credit lines granted to each borrower.  However, loan commitment fees for loans that are likely to be drawn are deferred (together with any incremental costs) and recognized as an adjustment to the EIR on the loan.

Fees received in connection with the issuance of credit cards are deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis over the period the cardholder is entitled to use the card.

<!-- image -->

## b. Bancassurance fees

Non-refundable access fees are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the period of the provision of the access.

Refundable access fees and milestone fees are recognized in reference to the stage of achievement of the milestones.

- Fee income from providing transaction services

## c.

Fees arising from negotiating or participating in the negotiation of a transaction for a third party, such as underwriting fees, corporate finance fees, and brokerage fees for the arrangement of the acquisition of shares or other securities or the purchase or sale of businesses, are recognized on completion of the underlying transaction.  Fees or components of fees that are linked to a certain performance are recognized after fulfilling the corresponding criteria.  Loan syndication fees are recognized in the statement of income when the syndication has been completed and the Group retains no part of the loans for itself or retains part at the same EIR as for the other participants.

## Discounts earned and awards revenue on credit cards

Discounts received are taken up as income upon receipt from member establishments of charges arising from credit availments by the Group's cardholders and other credit card companies' cardholders when the Group is acting as an acquirer.  These discounts are computed based on certain agreed rates and are deducted from the amounts remitted to the member establishments.

Award credits under customer loyalty programmes are accounted for as a separately identifiable component of the transaction in which they are granted.  The fair value of the consideration received in respect of the initial sale is allocated based on the estimated stand-alone selling prices.  The amount allocated to the loyalty programmes is deferred and recognized as revenue when the award credits are redeemed.  Income generated from customer loyalty programmes is recognized in 'Service charges, fees and commissions' in the statement of income.

## Other income

Income from the sale of services is recognized upon completion of service.  Income from sale of properties is recognized upon completion of earnings process and the collectibility of the sales price is reasonably assured under 'Profit from assets sold/exchanged' in the statement of income.

## Revenues outside the scope of PFRS 15:

## Interest income

Interest on interest-bearing financial assets at FVTPL and Held-for-Trading (HFT) investments are recognized based on the contractual rate.  Interest on financial instruments measured at amortized cost and FVTOCI are recognized based on the effective interest method of accounting.

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized cost of a financial asset or a financial liability and allocating the interest income or interest expense over the relevant period.

The EIR is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts throughout the expected life of the financial instrument or, when appropriate, a shorter period to the net carrying amount of the financial asset or financial liability.  When calculating the EIR, the Group estimates cash flows from the financial instrument (e.g., prepayment options) but does not consider future credit losses.  The calculation includes all fees and points paid or received between parties to the contract that are an integral part of the EIR, transaction costs and all other premiums or discounts.

<!-- image -->

Once a financial asset or a group of similar financial assets has been written down as a result of an impairment loss, interest income is recognized thereafter using the rate of interest used to discount the future cash flows for the purpose of measuring the impairment loss.

## Trading and securities gain (loss) - net

Results arising from trading activities include all gains and losses from changes in fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities at FVTPL, gains and losses from disposal of investment securities at amortized cost and any ineffectiveness recognized on accounting hedges.  Costs of investment securities sold are determined using the weighted average cost method.

## Dividend income

Dividend income is recognized when the Group's right to receive the payment is established.

## Rental income

Rental income arising on leased premises is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms on ongoing leases.

## Expense Recognition

Expenses are recognized when decrease in future economic benefits related to a decrease in an asset or an increase of a liability has arisen that can be measured reliably.  Expenses are recognized when incurred.

## Operating expenses

Operating expenses constitute costs which arise in the normal business operation and are recognized when incurred.

## Taxes and licenses

This includes all other taxes, local and national, including gross receipts taxes (GRT), documentary stamp taxes, real estate taxes, licenses and permit fees and are recognized when incurred.

## Pension Cost

The Parent Company and certain subsidiaries have a non-contributory defined benefit plan that defines the amount of pension benefit that an employee will receive on retirement, usually dependent on one or more factors such as age, years of service and compensation.  The Group's retirement cost is determined using the projected unit credit method.  The retirement cost is generally funded through payments to a trustee-administered fund, determined by periodic actuarial calculations.

The net defined benefit liability or asset is the aggregate of the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period reduced by the fair value of plan assets (if any), adjusted for any effect of limiting a net defined benefit asset to the asset ceiling.  The asset ceiling is the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan.

Defined benefit costs comprise the following:

-  Service cost
-  Net interest on the net defined benefit liability or asset
-  Remeasurements of net defined benefit liability or asset

<!-- image -->

Service costs which include current service costs, past service costs and gains or losses on nonroutine settlements are recognized as expense in the statement of income.  Past service costs are recognized when plan amendment or curtailment occurs.  These amounts are calculated periodically by independent qualified actuaries.

Net interest on the net defined benefit liability or asset is the change during the period in the net defined benefit liability or asset that arises from the passage of time which is determined by applying the discount rate based on government bonds to the net defined benefit liability or asset.  Net interest on the net defined benefit liability or asset is recognized as interest income or expense in the statement of income.

Remeasurements comprising actuarial gains and losses, return on plan assets and any change in the effect of the asset ceiling (excluding net interest on defined benefit liability) are recognized immediately in OCI in the period in which they arise and are closed to surplus at the end of the year. Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.

Plan assets are assets that are held by a long-term employee benefit fund.  Plan assets are not available to the creditors of the Group, nor can they be paid directly to the Group.  Fair value of plan assets is based on market price information.  When no market price is available, the fair value of plan assets is estimated by discounting expected future cash flows using a discount rate that reflects both the risk associated with the plan assets and the maturity or expected disposal date of those assets (or, if they have no maturity, the expected period until the settlement of the related obligations).

## Leases

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease.  That is, if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## Lease liabilities

At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest (included in 'Interest expense on lease liabilities) and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term or a change in the lease payments.

## Group as a lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for shortterm leases and leases of low-value assets.  The Group recognizes lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

## Group as a lessor

Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases.  Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognized over the lease term on the same basis as rental income.  Contingent rents are recognized as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

<!-- image -->

## Provisions and Contingencies

Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Where the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, for example, under an insurance contract, the reimbursement is recognized as a separate asset but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain.  The expense relating to any provision is presented in the statement of income, net of any reimbursement.  If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability.  Where discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as 'Interest expense' in the statement of income.

Contingent liabilities are not recognized but are disclosed in the financial statements except if the possibility of an outflow of assets embodying economic benefits is remote.  Contingent assets are not recognized but are disclosed in the financial statements when an inflow of economic benefits is probable.

## Debt Issuance Costs

Issuance, underwriting and other related costs incurred in connection with the issuance of debt instruments are deferred and amortized over the terms of the instruments using the effective interest method.  Unamortized debt issuance costs are included in the carrying amount of the debt instrument in the statements of financial position.

## Earnings Per Share

Basic earnings per share (EPS) is computed by dividing the net income for the year attributable to equity holders of the Parent Company after deducting dividends declared to preferred shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year after giving retroactive effect to stock dividends declared and stock rights exercised during the year, if any.

Diluted EPS is calculated by dividing the net income attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year adjusted for the effects of any dilutive potential common shares.

## Equity

'Capital stock' is measured at par value for all shares issued and outstanding.  When the shares are sold at a premium, the difference between the proceeds and the par value is credited to 'Additional paid-in capital'.  Direct costs incurred related to equity issuance, such as underwriting, accounting and legal fees, printing costs and taxes are chargeable to 'Additional paid-in capital'.  If the additional paid-in capital is not sufficient, the excess is charged against 'Surplus'.

When the Group issues more than one class of stock, a separate account is maintained for each class of stock and the number of shares issued.

'Surplus' represents accumulated earnings of the Group less dividends declared.

Surplus reserves pertains to the 10.0% of the net profits realized by the Parent Company from its trust business is appropriated to surplus reserve in compliance with existing BSP regulations.  The yearly appropriation is required until the surplus reserve for trust business equals 20.0% of the Parent Company's regulatory capital.

<!-- image -->

## Dividends on Common Shares and Preferred Shares

Cash dividends on common shares and preferred shares are recognized as a liability and deducted from equity when approved by the BOD of the Parent Company, while stock dividends are deducted from equity when approved by the BOD and shareholders of the Parent Company.

## Segment Reporting

The Group's operating businesses are organized and managed separately according to the nature of the products and services provided, with each segment representing a strategic business unit that offers different products and serves different markets.  If the Group changes the structure of its internal organization in a manner that causes the composition of its reportable segments to change, the corresponding information for earlier periods, including interim periods, shall be restated unless the information is not available and the cost to develop it would be excessive.  Financial information on business segments is presented in Note 35.

## Fiduciary Activities

Assets and income arising from fiduciary activities together with related undertakings to return such assets to customers are excluded from the financial statements where the Parent Company acts in a fiduciary capacity such as nominee, trustee or agent.

## Events after the Reporting Period

Any post-year-end event that provides additional information about the Group's position at the statement of financial position date (adjusting event) is reflected in the financial statements.  Any post-year-end events that are not adjusting events are disclosed when material to the financial statements.

## Standards Issued but Not Yet Effective

Standards issued but not yet effective up to the date of issuance of the Group's consolidated financial statements are listed below.  The listing consists of standards and interpretations issued, which the Group reasonably expects to be applicable at a future date.  The Group intends to adopt these standards when they become effective.  Except as otherwise indicated, the Group does not expect the adoption of these new and amended standards and interpretations to have significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## Effective beginning on or after January 1, 2023

-  Amendments to PAS 12, Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction

The amendments narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception under PAS 12, so that it no longer applies to transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

The amendments also clarify that where payments that settle a liability are deductible for tax purposes, it is a matter of judgement (having considered the applicable tax law) whether such deductions are attributable for tax purposes to the liability recognized in the financial statements (and interest expense) or to the related asset component (and interest expense).

An entity applies the amendments to transactions that occur on or after the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented for annual reporting periods on or after January 1, 2023.

<!-- image -->

-  Amendments to PAS 8, Definition of Accounting Estimates

The amendments introduce a new definition of accounting estimates and clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in accounting policies and the correction of errors. Also, the amendments clarify that the effects on an accounting estimate of a change in an input or a change in  a measurement technique are changes in accounting estimates if they do not result from the correction of prior period errors.

An entity applies the amendments to changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates that occur on or after January 1, 2023 with earlier adoption permitted.

-  Amendments to PAS 1 and PFRS Practice Statement 2, Disclosure of Accounting Policies

The amendments provide guidance and examples to help entities apply materiality judgements to accounting policy disclosures. The amendments aim to help entities provide accounting policy disclosures that are more useful by:

- o Replacing the requirement for entities to disclose their 'significant' accounting policies with a requirement to disclose their 'material' accounting policies, and
- o Adding guidance on how entities apply the concept of materiality in making decisions about accounting policy disclosures

The amendments to the Practice Statement provide non-mandatory guidance.  Meanwhile, the amendments to PAS 1 are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. Early application is permitted as long as this fact is disclosed.

Effective beginning on or after January 1, 2024

-  Amendments to PAS 1 , Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current

The amendments clarify paragraphs 69 to 76 of PAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements ,  to specify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current. The amendments clarify:

- o What is meant by a right to defer settlement
- o That a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period
- o That classification is unaffected by the likelihood that an entity will exercise its deferral right
- o That only if an embedded derivative in a convertible liability is itself an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not impact its classification

The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024 and must be applied retrospectively.

Effective beginning on or after January 1, 2025

-  PFRS 17, Insurance Contracts

PFRS 17 is a comprehensive new accounting standard for insurance contracts covering recognition and measurement, presentation and disclosure. Once effective, PFRS 17 will replace PFRS 4, Insurance Contracts . This new standard on insurance contracts applies to all types of insurance contracts (i.e., life, non-life, direct insurance and re-insurance), regardless of the type of entities that issue them, as well as to certain guarantees and financial instruments with discretionary participation features. A few scope exceptions will apply.

<!-- image -->

The overall objective of PFRS 17 is to provide an accounting model for insurance contracts that is more useful and consistent for insurers. In contrast to the requirements in PFRS 4, which are largely based on grandfathering previous local accounting policies, PFRS 17 provides a comprehensive model for insurance contracts, covering all relevant accounting aspects. The core of PFRS 17 is the general model, supplemented by:

- o A specific adaptation for contracts with direct participation features (the variable fee approach)
- o A simplified approach (the premium allocation approach) mainly for short-duration contracts

PFRS 17 is effective for reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025, with comparative figures required.  Early application is permitted.

## Deferred effectivity

-  Amendments to PFRS 10, Consolidated Financial Statements , and PAS 28, Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture

The amendments address the conflict between PFRS 10 and PAS 28 in dealing with the loss of control of a subsidiary that is sold or contributed to an associate or joint venture. The amendments clarify that a full gain or loss is recognized when a transfer to an associate or joint venture involves a business as defined in PFRS 3. Any gain or loss resulting from the sale or contribution of assets that does not constitute a business, however, is recognized only to the extent of unrelated investors' interests in the associate or joint venture.

On January 13, 2016, the Financial Reporting Standards Council deferred the original effective date of January 1, 2016 of the said amendments until the IASB completes its broader review of the research project on equity accounting that may result in the simplification of accounting for such transactions and of other aspects of accounting for associates and joint ventures.

## 3. Significant Accounting Judgments and Estimates

The preparation of the financial statements in compliance with PFRS requires the Group to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses and disclosures of contingent assets and contingent liabilities.  Future events may occur which will cause the assumptions used in arriving at the estimates to change.  The effects of any change in estimates are reflected in the financial statements as they become reasonably determinable.

Judgments and estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

## Judgments

- a. Leases

## Determination of the lease term for lease contracts with renewal and termination options (Bank as a lessee)

The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised. The Group has several lease contracts that include extension and termination options. The Group applies judgement in evaluating whether it is reasonably certain whether or not to exercise the option to renew or terminate the lease. That is, it considers all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise either the renewal or termination. After the commencement

<!-- image -->

date, the Group reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control that affects its ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew or to terminate (e.g., construction of significant leasehold improvements or significant customization of the leased asset).

## Estimating the incremental borrowing rate

The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in the lease, therefore, it uses its incremental borrowing rate ('IBR') to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group 'would have to pay', which requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when they need to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease (for example, when leases are not in the subsidiary's functional currency).The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific adjustments (such as the subsidiary's stand-alone credit rating, or to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease).

## b. Fair value of financial instruments

Where the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recognized or disclosed in the statements of financial position cannot be derived from active markets, these are determined using internal valuation techniques using generally accepted market valuation models.

The inputs to these models are taken from observable markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgment is required in establishing fair values.  These judgments may include considerations of liquidity and model inputs such as correlation and volatility for longer dated derivatives.

- c. Business model test

The Group manages its financial assets based on business models that maintain adequate level of financial assets to match expected cash outflows and maintain adequate level of high quality liquid assets while maintaining a strategic portfolio of financial assets for trading activities.

The Group's business model can be to hold financial assets to collect contractual cash flows even when sales of certain financial assets occur.  PFRS 9, however, emphasizes that if more than an infrequent number of sales are made out of a portfolio of financial assets carried at amortized cost and those sales are more than insignificant in value (either individually or in aggregate), the entity should assess whether and how such sales are consistent with the objective of collecting contractual cash flows.

In making this judgment, the Group considers the circumstances surrounding the disposal as well as the requirements of BSP Circular No. 1011, Guidelines on the adoption of PFRS 9. For changes in business models, the Group considers whether the internal and external changes that triggered the change in business model are significant to the Group and are demonstrable to third parties.

In 2020, the Parent Company disposed investment securities at amortized cost and assessed that this resulted from a change in business model (see Notes 10 and 13).  In making the assessment, the Parent Company considered the overall shift in the strategy towards a more fee-based and client-driven income along with the expected changes in tax regulations on its revenue stream and the impact of EVE on its exposure of long-term government securities. The Parent Company

<!-- image -->

reclassified these investments to 'Financial assets at FVTPL' and 'Financial assets at FVTOCI' on April 1, 2020.

In June 2022, the Parent Company decided to re-establish the HTC Government Securities business.  In making the assessment, the Bank considered the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Ukraine-Russia war to its ability to deploy its funds as envisioned in 2020 affecting its overall strategy and  risk appetite.  The objective of the business model is to hold a core portfolio of government securities, which is funded primarily from the Parent Company's capital, core deposits, and other long-term liabilities (see Note 13).

## d. Cash flow characteristics test

In determining the classification of financial assets under PFRS 9, the Group assesses whether the contractual terms of these financial assets give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal outstanding, with interest representing time value of money and credit risk associated with the principal amount outstanding.  The assessment as to whether the cash flows meet the test is made in the currency in which the financial asset is denominated.  Any other contractual term that changes the timing or amount of cash flows (unless it is a variable interest rate that represents time value of money and credit risk) does not meet the amortized cost criteria.

- e. Contingencies

The Group is currently involved in various legal proceedings, claims and assessments.  The estimate of the probable costs for the resolution of these claims and assessments has been developed in consultation with outside counsel handling the Group's defense in these matters and is based on an analysis of potential results.  The Group currently does not believe that these proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the financial statements.  It is possible, however, that future results of operations could be materially affected by changes in the estimates or in the effectiveness of the strategies relating to these proceedings (see Note 34).

## f. Functional currency

PAS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates , requires management to use its judgment to determine the entity's functional currency such that it most faithfully represents the economic effects of the underlying transactions, events and conditions that are relevant to the entity.  In making this judgment, the Group considers the following:

-  the currency that mainly influences sales prices for financial instruments and services (this will often be the currency in which sales prices for its financial instruments and services are denominated and settled);
-  the currency in which funds from financing activities are generated; and
-  the currency in which receipts from operating activities are usually retained.

## g. Consolidation and joint arrangements

The Group has determined that it controls and consolidates the subsidiaries in which it owns majority of the shares.

The Group has a Joint Venture Agreement (JVA) with Marubeni Corporation (Marubeni) where the Parent Company owns 60.0% of SBML.  Under the JVA, the parties agreed to use SBML as a joint venture entity and requires the unanimous consent of both the Parent Company and Marubeni for any significant decisions made in the ordinary course of business of SBML.

<!-- image -->

The Group also has a JVA with Krungsri where the Parent Company owns 49.96% of SBFI. Under the JVA, the parties agreed to use SBFI as a joint venture entity and requires the unanimous consent of both the Parent Company and Krungsri for any significant decisions made in the ordinary course of business of SBFI.

The Group has (after considering the structure and form of the arrangement, the terms agreed by the parties in the contractual arrangements and the Group's rights and obligations arising from the arrangements) classified its interest in SBML and SBFI under PFRS 11.  Based on the foregoing, the Group accounts for its investment in SBML and SBFI using the equity method.

## Estimates

## a. Fair value of financial instruments

The fair values of financial instruments that are not quoted in active markets are determined using valuation techniques such as discounted cash flow analysis and standard option pricing models for some derivative instruments.  Where valuation techniques are used to determine fair values, they are reviewed by qualified personnel independent of the area that created them.  All financial models are reviewed before they are used and to the extent practicable, financial models use only observable data, however, areas such as credit risk (both own and counterparty) volatilities and correlations require management to make estimates.  Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect reported fair value of financial instruments.  Refer to Note 6 for the fair value measurements of financial instruments.

## b. Impairment of financial assets

The measurement of impairment losses under PFRS 9 across all categories of financial assets requires judgement, in particular, the estimation of the amount and timing of future cash flows and collateral values when determining impairment losses and the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk.  These estimates are driven by a number of factors, changes in which can result in different levels of allowances.

The Group's ECL calculations are outputs of complex models with a number of underlying assumptions regarding the choice of variable inputs and their interdependencies.  Elements of the ECL models that are considered accounting judgements and estimates include:

-  Internal credit grading model, which assigns PDs to the individual grades
-  Criteria for assessing if there has been a significant increase in credit risk and so allowances for financial assets should be measured on a lifetime CL basis and the qualitative assessment
-  The segmentation of financial assets when their ECL is assessed on a collective basis
-  Development of ECL models, including the various formulas and the choice of inputs
-  Determination of associations between macroeconomic scenarios and, economic inputs, such as  GDP changes in inventory, current prices, Business outlook index on the macroeconomy Real Estate, Unemployment Rate, Universal Bank NPL Rate and SBC Portfolio NPL Rate
-  Selection of forward-looking macroeconomic scenarios and their probability weightings, to derive the economic inputs into the ECL models
-  Segmentation of the portfolio, where the appropriate model or ECL approach is used

The ECL models and all ECL-related policies are assessed and approved by the Risk Oversight Committee and the Board of Directors.

<!-- image -->

Model calibration or the process of improving the accuracy of ECL model to reflect the as-built status and actual operating conditions shall be performed at least annually.  These will require the following approvals:

-  ECL Steering Committee consisting of the Business Segment Heads, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer, for changes in the model estimates
-  Risk Oversight Committee for changes in model assumptions or inputs with material increase or decrease on portfolio-level ECL of at least 10% or P =200 million.

In 2022 and 2021, changes in the model estimates and/or assumptions as a result of calibration were accordingly assessed and approved by the ECL Steering Committee and/or Risk Oversight Committee.

The Group identified specific accounts that would need to be assessed separately for ECL purposes.

For 2022, the accounts were determined by subjecting the Parent Company's loan portfolio within the Wholesale Banking Segement to a sensitivity analysis using the interest rate increase experienced in the past year.  The sensitivity of each account's Net Cash After Operations (NCAO)/ Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) to the interest rate increase in 2022 was assessed and accounts falling below the threshold and parameters set are subjected to an additional overlay.

Additional ECL was calculated for the accounts handled by Remedial that has a higher probability of being downgraded to a Doubtful classification based on the sensitivity analysis. For these accounts identified, the Parent Company used the historical migration rate of Remedial accounts from internal class II to internal class III to determine the PD.  For the LGD, the average LGD of Stage 2 and Stage 3 accounts is applied.

For 2021, the status of the specific accounts within industries and the protracted impact of the pandemic to these accounts were considered by the Group in the assessment. The Group also considered the potential direction of macroeconomic indicators because of the pandemic in the scenario generation and the assignment of probabilities for each scenario.

The ECL models and all ECL-related policies are assessed and approved by the Risk Oversight Committee and the Board of Directors.

The gross carrying amounts of financial assets and the related allowance for credit losses are disclosed in Notes 7, 12, 13, 14, and 18.

## c. Recognition of deferred tax assets

The Group reviews the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets at each statements of financial position date and reduces it to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient future taxable income will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax assets to be utilized.  Significant judgment is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognized, based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable income together with future tax planning strategies.  The Group and the Parent Company have considered the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on future taxable income and on the recognition of deferred tax assets.  The recognized net deferred tax assets and unrecognized deferred tax assets of the Group and the Parent Company are disclosed in Note 28.

<!-- image -->

## d. Impairment of non-financial assets

## Investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures and other non-financial assets

The Parent Company and SBCIC assess impairment on its investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.

Among others, the factors that the Parent Company and SBCIC consider important which could trigger an impairment review on its investments include the following:

-  deteriorating or poor financial condition;
-  recurring net losses; and
-  significant changes with an adverse effect on the subsidiary or associate have taken place during the period, or will take place in the near future, the technological, market, economic, or legal environment in which the subsidiary operates.

The Group assesses impairment on other non-financial assets (i.e., 'Property and equipment', 'Investment properties', 'Software costs', and 'Other properties acquired') whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The factors that the Group considers important which could trigger an impairment review include the following:

-  significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results;
-  significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired nonfinancial assets or the strategy for overall business; and
-  significant negative industry or economic trends.

The Group recognizes an impairment loss whenever the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount.  The recoverable amount is computed based on the higher of the asset's fair value less cost to sell or VIU.  Recoverable amounts are estimated for individual nonfinancial assets or, if it is not possible, for the CGU to which the nonfinancial asset belongs.  In 2022 and 2021, the Group considered the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in determining the VIU.

The Group is required to make estimates and assumptions that can materially affect the carrying amount of the asset being assessed.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying values of the Parent Company's investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures are disclosed in Note 15.

The carrying values of the Group's and the Parent Company's non-financial assets (other than 'Goodwill') follow:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Property, equipment and right-of-use  assets (Note 16)  P  =5,278,875  P  =5,185,001  P  =4,001,865  P  =4,044,676  Investment properties (Note 17)  3,204,671  1,182,810  3,203,896  1,181,267  Branch licenses (Note 18)  1,445,000  1,445,000  1,445,000  1,445,000  Software costs (Note 18)  2,281,225  1,767,078  2,280,076  1,765,387  Other properties acquired (Note 18)  899,386  206,647  899,386  206,647  Exchange trading right (Note 18)  9,000  9,000  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The provision for (recovery of) impairment losses on non-financial assets of the Group and the Parent Company are disclosed in Note 17.

## Intangible assets with indefinite useful life

Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives such as exchange trading right and branch licenses are tested for impairment annually at statement of financial position date either individually or at the cash generating unit level, as appropriate.  Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which the intangible assets relates. Where the recoverable amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) is less than the carrying amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated, an impairment loss is recognized immediately in the statement of income.

The recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on a VIU calculation using cash flow projections from financial budgets approved by senior management covering a three-year period.  Key assumptions in VIU calculation of CGUs are most sensitive to discount rates and growth rates used to project cash flows.

## Goodwill

Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired.  Impairment is determined for goodwill by assessing the recoverable amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which the goodwill relates.  Where the recoverable amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) is less than the carrying amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated, an impairment loss is recognized immediately in the statement of income.  The carrying value of goodwill is disclosed in Note 4.

- e. Estimated useful lives of property, equipment and right-of-use assets, investment properties, software costs and other properties acquired

The Group reviews on an annual basis the estimated useful lives of property, equipment and right-of-use assets, depreciable investment properties, software costs and other properties acquired based on expected asset utilization as anchored on business plans and strategies that also consider expected future technological developments and market behavior.  It is possible that future results of operations could be materially affected by changes in these estimates brought about by changes in the factors mentioned.  A reduction in the estimated useful lives of property and equipment, depreciable investment properties, software costs and other properties acquired would decrease their respective balances and increase the recorded depreciation and amortization expense.

The carrying values of depreciable property and equipment, investment properties, software costs and other properties acquired follow:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Property, equipment and right-of-use  assets (Note 16)*  P =4,865,211  P  =4,757,833  P =3,588,201  P  =3,617,508  Investment properties (Note 17)*  1,600,406  441,157  1,600,408  499,869  Software costs (Note 18)  2,281,225  1,767,078  2,280,076  1,765,387  Other properties acquired (Note 18)  899,386  206,647  899,386  206,647  *Excludes land   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## f. Pension benefits

The cost of defined benefit pension plans and other post-employment medical benefits as well as the present value of the pension obligation are determined using actuarial valuations.  The actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions.  These include the determination of the discount rates, future salary increases, mortality rates and future pension increases.  Due to the complexity of the valuation, the underlying assumptions and its long-term nature, defined benefit obligations are highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions.  All assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.

The present value of the defined benefit obligation of the Group and the Parent Company are disclosed in Note 29.

In determining the appropriate discount rate, management considers the interest rates of government bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid, with extrapolated maturities corresponding to the expected duration of the defined benefit obligation. The mortality rate is based on publicly available mortality tables for the specific country and is modified accordingly with estimates of mortality improvements.  Future salary increases and pension increases are based on expected future inflation rates.

Further details about the assumptions used are provided in Note 29.

Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognized as a liability when they are accrued to the employees.  The undiscounted liability for leave expected to be settled wholly before twelve months after the end of the annual reporting period is recognized for services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrual for other employee benefit obligations and expenses included under 'Accrued other expenses payable' (included under 'Accrued interest, taxes and other expenses' in the statements of financial position) amounted to P =1.8 billion and P =1.7 billion, respectively, in 2022 and 2021 for the Group and the Parent Company (see Note 23).

## 4. Goodwill

## Impairment Testing of Goodwill

In 2012, goodwill acquired through business combination has been allocated to Security Bank Savings (SBS) as the CGU.  In 2015, the entire goodwill was reallocated to the Branch Banking Group (BBG) as a result of the integration of SBS to the Parent Company.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of goodwill amounted to P =841.6 million and there was no impairment loss recognized in 2022 and 2021.

The recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on a VIU calculation using cash flow projections from financial budgets approved by senior management covering a three-year period. Key assumptions in VIU calculation of CGUs are most sensitive to discount rates and growth rates used to project cash flows.  Future cash flows and growth rates were based on experiences and strategies developed and prospects.  The discount rate used for the computation of the net present value is the cost of equity and was determined by reference to a comparable entity.  In 2022 and 2021, the pre-tax discount rate applied to cash flow projections is 13.01% and 12.84%, respectively, while the growth rate used to extrapolate cash flows beyond the three-year period is 8.67% and 6.0%, respectively.

Management believes that no reasonably possible change in any of the above key assumptions would cause the carrying value of the goodwill to materially exceed its recoverable amount.

<!-- image -->

## 5. Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies

## Introduction

Integral to the Parent Company's value creation process is risk management.  It therefore operates an integrated risk management system to address the risks it faces in its banking activities, including credit, market, liquidity, operational and sustainability risks.  Exposures across these risk areas are regularly identified, measured, controlled, monitored and reported to Senior Management, Risk Oversight Committee (ROC) and the BOD.

## Risk Management Structure

## Board of Directors

The BOD directs the Parent Company's over-all risk management strategy.  The risk management processes of the subsidiaries are the separate responsibilities of their respective BOD.  The BOD performs an oversight function on the Parent Company's implementation of its risk policies through various committees that it has created as follows:

## Risk Oversight Committee

The ROC reviews, approves, and ensures effective implementation of the risk management framework.  It approves risk-related policies, oversees limits to discretionary authority that the BOD delegates to management, and evaluates the magnitude, distribution and direction of risks in the Parent Company.

## Corporate Governance Committee

The Corporate Governance Committee oversees the compliance function and assists the BOD in fulfilling its corporate governance responsibilities across a broad range of areas including sustainability.  It is responsible for ensuring the BOD's effectiveness and, due observance of corporate governance principles and guidelines

## Audit Committee

The Audit Committee through the Internal Audit Division provides the independent assessment of the overall effectiveness of, and compliance with the Parent Company's governance, internal controls, risk management functions.

## Executive Committee

The Executive Committee reviews and approves proposals and facilities related to credit, except for Directors, Officers, Stockholders and. Related Interests (DOSRI) and material related party transactions (RPT) accounts which are reviewed and endorsed for Board approval, and works closely with the ROC in managing the overall credit risk of the Bank.

## Restructuring Committee

The Restructuring Committee focuses on adversely classified or non-performing loans (NPLs) and approves the remedial strategy and action plan for these exposures.

## Related Party Transaction Committee

The Related Party Transaction Committee ensures that transactions with related parties are handled in a sound and prudent manner, with integrity, and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations to protect the interest of depositors, creditors and other stakeholders.

<!-- image -->

## Nominations and Remunerations Committee

The Nominations and Remunerations Committee has oversight over Board nominees and other appointments requiring Board approval, as well as their remuneration commensurate with corporate and individual performance.

## Finance Committee

The Finance Committee has oversight of the financial management of the group, including capital and liquidity management, reviewing financial performance ensuring that it is compliance with regulatory requirements.

## Trust Committee

The Trust Committee ensures that funds and properties held in trust or in any fiduciary capacity shall be administered with the skill, care, prudence and diligence necessary under the circumstances then prevailing that a prudent person, acting in like capacity and familiar matters, would exercise in the conduct of an enterprise of like character and with similar aims.

## Transformation and Technology Committee

The Transformation and Technology Committee shall oversee the development and implementation of strategy, transformation, innovation and information technology initiatives of the Bank and its subsidiaries and affiliates, in support of the Group's vision, mission and strategic objectives

The Parent Company's organizational structure includes the Risk Management Group (RMG), which is responsible for driving the following risk management processes of the Group:

-  Independent assessment, measurement, monitoring and reporting of the Group's risk-taking activities; and
-  Formulation, review and recommendation of risk-related policies and control structures.

Nevertheless, the Group's risk management framework adopts the basic tenet that risks are owned by the respective business and process owners.  Everyone in the organization is therefore expected to proactively manage the risks inherent to their respective area by complying with the Group's risk management framework, policies and standards.

The Parent Company and its subsidiaries manage their respective financial risks separately.  The subsidiaries have their own risk management procedures but are structured similar to that of the Parent Company.  To a certain extent, the respective risk management programs and objectives are the same across the Group.

## Risk Measurement and Reporting

The Parent Company's risks are measured using various methods compliant with Basel III standards. The Parent Company also runs worst case scenarios that would arise in the event that extreme events which are unlikely to occur do, in fact, occur.

Expected credit loss models are developed and maintained by Risk Management Group. These models are used as a tool for the Parent Company's risk management process and management reporting systems. The applicable results of the calculations are used as the basis for the assessment of expected credit losses.

<!-- image -->

Monitoring and controlling risks are primarily performed based on limits established by the Parent Company.  These limits reflect the business strategy and market environment of the Parent Company as well as the level of risk that the Parent Company is willing to take.  In addition, the Parent Company monitors and measures the overall risk-bearing capacity in relation to the aggregate risk exposure across all risk types and activities.

For all levels throughout the Parent Company, specifically tailored risk reports are prepared and distributed in order to ensure that all business divisions have access to extensive, necessary and up-to-date information.  These reports include aggregate credit exposure, credit metric forecasts, limit exceptions, Value-at-Risk (VaR), liquidity ratios and risk profile changes.

Credit Risk Management prepares detailed reporting of risks per credit classification, payment status, industry, and other measures of portfolio quality.  Senior management assesses the appropriateness of allowance for credit losses on a yearly basis or as the need arises.  The ROC and the heads of the concerned business units receive a comprehensive credit risk report monthly which is designed to provide all the necessary information to assess and conclude on the credit risks of the Parent Company.

In the case of market risk, a monthly report is presented to the ROC on the utilization of market limits and liquidity, plus any other risk developments.

Information compiled from businesses is examined and processed in order to analyze, control and identify risks early.  This information is assessed and deliberated by the heads of each business unit, the ROC and the BOD.

## Risk Mitigation

As part of its market risk management, the Parent Company uses derivatives and other instruments to manage exposures resulting from changes in interest rates and foreign currencies. For interest rate risk from HTC securities (fair value hedge), the Parent Company entered into Interest Rate Swaps.  The risk management objective is to protect the fair value of the HTC securities against adverse movements in interest rates, specifically due to an aggressive rate hike cycle in the identified hedge period. This objective also allows the Parent Company to safeguard its net interest margin and keep its pool of high-quality liquid assets.

In accordance with the Parent Company's policy, the risk profile of the Parent Company is assessed before entering into hedge transactions, which are authorized by the appropriate committees.  The effectiveness of hedges is assessed by the RMG.  The effectiveness of all the hedge relationships is monitored by the RMG monthly.  In situations of ineffectiveness, the Parent Company will enter into a new hedge relationship to mitigate risk on a continuous basis.

In 2020, consistent with its change in business model, the Parent Company terminated the Interest Rate Swaps designated to hedge the fair value changes on the HTC securities (see Note 13).

The Parent Company actively uses collateral to reduce its credit risks.

## Excessive Risk Concentration

Concentrations arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities or activities in the same geographic region, or have similar economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic, political or other conditions.  Concentrations indicate the relative sensitivity of the Parent Company's performance to developments affecting a particular industry or geographic location.

<!-- image -->

The Parent Company manages concentration risks by setting exposure limits to borrowing groups, industries, and where appropriate, on products and facilities.  These limits are reviewed as the need arises but at least annually.

In order to avoid excessive concentrations of risk, the Parent Company's policies and procedures include specific guidelines to focus on maintaining a diversified portfolio.  Identified concentrations of risks are controlled and managed accordingly.

## Credit Risk

Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from the failure of a borrower or counterparty to perform its obligations during the life of the transaction.  This includes risk of non-payment by borrowers or issuers, failed settlement of transactions and default on contracts.

The Parent Company drives credit risk management fundamentally via its Credit Policy Manual (CPM), the provisions of which are regularly reviewed and updated to reflect changing regulations and risk conditions.  The CPM defines the principles and parameters governing credit activities, ensuring that each account's creditworthiness is thoroughly understood and regularly reviewed. Relationship Managers assume overall responsibility for the management of credit exposures while middle and back office functions are clearly defined to provide independent checks and balance to credit risk-taking activities.  A system of approving and signing limits ensures adequate senior management involvement for bigger and more complex transactions.  Large exposures of the Group are kept under rigorous review as these are subjected to stress testing and scenario analysis to assess the impact of changes in market conditions or key risk factors (examples are economic cycles, interest rate, liquidity conditions or other market movements) on its profile and earnings.

The risk management structure of policies, accountabilities and responsibilities, controls and senior management involvement is similarly in place for non-performing assets.

## Derivative financial instruments

Credit risk in respect of derivative financial instruments is limited to those with positive fair values, which are included under 'Financial assets at FVTPL'.  As a result, the maximum credit risk, without taking into account the fair value of any collateral and netting agreements, is limited to the amounts in the statements of financial position.

## Credit-related commitments

The Parent Company makes available to its customers, guarantees which may require the Parent Company to make payments on their behalf and enter into commitments to extend credit lines to secure their liquidity needs.  Letters of credit and guarantees (including standby letters of credit) commit the Parent Company to make payments on behalf of customers in the event of a specific act, generally related to the import or export of goods.  Such commitments expose the Parent Company to similar risks to loans and these are mitigated by the same control processes and policies.  This also includes the unutilized credit limit of the Group's credit card customers.

<!-- image -->

## Maximum exposure to credit risk of on-balance sheet credit risk exposures with collaterals held or other credit enhancements

The tables below show the maximum exposure to on-balance sheet credit risk exposures of the Group and the Parent Company after taking into account any collaterals held or other credit enhancements (amounts in millions):

| Consolidated  Carrying  Amount  Fair Value of  Collateral  Maximum  Exposure to  Credit Risk  Financial  Effect of  Collateral  Associated  ECL*  December 31, 2022  Credit risk exposure relating to  on-balance sheet assets  SPURA with BSP  P =23,519  P =23,519  P =-  P =23,519  P =-  Receivable from customers - net  (exclusive of SBEI):  Corporate lending  375,187  85,208  305,678  69,509  11,955  Consumer lending  28,442  35,704  10,884  17,558  1,299  Small business lending  670  548  251  419  48  Residential mortgages  69,852  80,231  22,004  47,848  1,000  Receivable from customers - net  (SBEI):  Corporate  278  2,203  16  262  1  Individual  752  14,792  73  679  -  Other receivables  6,145  177  6,000  145  377  Credit card receivables - individual  21,291  -  21,291  -  1,798  P =526,136  P =242,382  P =366,197  P =159,939  P =16,478   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Consolidated  Carrying  Amount  Fair Value of  Collateral  Maximum  Exposure to  Credit Risk  Financial  Effect of  Collateral  Associated  ECL*  December 31, 2021  Credit risk exposure relating to  on-balance sheet assets  SPURA with BSP  P =15,800  P =22,618  P =6,818  P  =15,800  P  =-  Receivable from customers - net  (exclusive of SBEI):  Corporate lending  339,856  90,198  265,084  74,772  11,544  Consumer lending  28,761  38,079  10,609  18,152  2,862  Small business lending  1,178  792  563  615  40  Residential mortgages  57,427  72,616  14,718  42,709  1,199  Receivable from customers - net  (SBEI):  Corporate  522  1,434  229  293  -  Individual  194  2,157  54  140  1  Other receivables  4,874  67  4,786  88  492  Credit card receivables - individual  15,772  -  15,772  -  2,053  P =464,384  P =227,961  P =318,633  152,569  P =18,191   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Amount deducted from gross amount to reflect carrying amount

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  Carrying  Amount  Fair Value of  Collateral  Maximum  Exposure to  Credit Risk  Financial  Effect of  Collateral  Associated  ECL*  December 31, 2022  Credit risk exposure relating to  on-balance sheet assets  SPURA with BSP  P =23,519  P =23,519  P =-  P =23,519  P =-  Receivable from customers - net  (exclusive of SBEI):  Corporate lending  376,388  85,208  306,879  69,509  11,955  Consumer lending  28,440  35,703  10,883  17,557  1,298  Small business lending  670  548  251  419  48  Residential mortgages  69,852  80,231  22,004  47,848  1,000  Other receivables  5,644  114  5,530  114  346  Credit card receivables - individual  21,291  -  21,291  -  1,798  P =525,804  P =225,323  P =366,838  P =158,966  P =16,445   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Parent Company  Carrying  Amount  Fair Value of  Collateral  Maximum  Exposure to  Credit Risk  Financial  Effect of  Collateral  Associated  ECL*  December 31, 2021  Credit risk exposure relating to  on-balance sheet assets  SPURA with BSP  P =15,800  P =22,618  P =6,818  P  =15,800  P  =-  Receivable from customers - net  (exclusive of SBEI):  Corporate lending  340,931  90,198  266,159  74,772  11,544  Consumer lending  28,758  38,078  10,606  18,152  2,861  Small business lending  1,178  792  563  615  40  Residential mortgages  57,427  72,616  14,718  42,709  1,199  Other receivables  4,480  67  4,413  67  467  Credit card receivables - individual  15,772  -  15,772  -  2,053  P =464,346  P =224,369  P =319,049  P =152,115  P =18,164   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Amount deducted from gross amount to reflect carrying amount

The maximum exposure to credit risks for the other financial assets is limited to the carrying value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Credit card receivables and receivables of SBEI are presented separately for the purpose of identifying receivables that are subjected to different credit risk rating systems.

Other receivables include accrued interest receivable, accounts receivable, sales contracts receivable and dividend receivable.

## Risk concentrations of the maximum exposure to credit risk

The Group considers loans and receivables as highly concentrated when Herfindahl-Hirschman Index (HHI) reaches 2,500 or greater. The maximum acceptable HHI set by the Group for its loan concentration is 1,500 to 2,500, which means moderately concentrated. HHI is a measure of concentration, calculated by squaring the share of each loan segment to total loan portfolio and then summing the resulting numbers. In addition, the Group caps its total exposure  to most industry segments at 15.0% each of the total credit risk exposure, which is more conservative than the BSP requirement of 30.0% of total loan portfolio.

<!-- image -->

The distribution of financial assets and off-balance sheet items by industry sector of the Group and the Parent Company, before taking into account collateral held or other credit enhancements (maximum exposure) follows (amounts in millions):

| Consolidated  Loans and  Receivables  Financial  Investments*  Loans and  Advances to  Banks**  Others***  Total  December 31, 2022  Financial and insurance activities  P  =18,578  P  =32,374  P  =113,027  P  =2,244  P  =166,223  Real estate activities  123,865  18,031  -  8,838  150,734  Public administration and defense; compulsory  social security  -  123,844  -  -  123,844  Activities of households as employers;  undifferentiated goods and services and  producing activities of households for own  use****  41,804  -  -  53,050  94,854  Wholesale and retail trade; repair of motor  vehicles and motorcycles  81,646  500  -  10,413  92,559  Electricity, gas, stream and air conditioning  supply  77,579  2,115  -  8,594  88,288  Manufacturing  57,545  4,731  -  3,866  66,142  Construction  15,145  -  -  22,439  37,584  Transportation and storage  20,845  3,036  -  4,772  28,653  Information and communication  23,886  1,184  -  721  25,791  Water supply, sewerage, waste management and  remediation activities  9,920  -  -  3,003  12,923  Professional scientific and technical services  9,957  -  -  1,561  11,518  Agriculture, forestry and fishing  9,683  -  -  993  10,676  Others  12,164  3,873  -  5,207  21,244  P  =502,617  P  =189,688  P  =113,027  P  =125,701  P  =931,033  December 31, 2021  Financial and insurance activities  P  =33,440  P  =9,044  P  =110,204  P  =1,605  P  =154,293  Real estate activities  106,641  9,923  -  3,606  120,170  Public administration and defense; compulsory  social security  830  81,757  -  82,587  Electricity, gas, stream and air conditioning  supply  70,880  -  -  10,501  81,381  Activities of households as employers;  undifferentiated goods and services and  producing activities of households for own  use****  39,623  -  -  34,969  74,592  Wholesale and retail trade; repair of motor  vehicles and motorcycles  65,975  2  -  8,344  74,321  Manufacturing  49,616  7,899  -  5,699  63,214  Information and communication  18,831  -  -  10,106  28,937  Transportation and storage  20,208  275  -  4,069  24,552  Construction  11,654  -  -  1,058  12,712  Agriculture, forestry and fishing  8,447  -  -  748  9,195  Water supply, sewerage, waste management and  remediation activities  5,056  -  -  531  5,587  Professional scientific and technical services  5,032  -  -  45  5,077  Others  12,351  528  -  8,132  21,011  P  =448,584  P  =109,428  P  =110,204  P  =89,413  P  =757,629   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Consists of Financial assets at FVTPL and FVTOCI, and Investment securities at amortized cost

** Consists of, Due from BSP, Due from other banks, Interbank loans receivables and SPURA and Cash collateral deposits (included in 'Other assets')

*** Consists of Contingent liabilities relating to inward and outward bills for collections, outstanding guarantees, letters of credit, unutilized credit limit of credit card holders, committed loan lines, security deposits and financial guarantees with commitment

**** Excludes loans and receivables on real estate or dwelling units which are considered production activities and classified under 'Real estate'

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  Loans and  Receivables  Financial  Investments*  Loans and  Advances to  Banks**  Others***  Total  December 31, 2022  Financial and insurance activities  P  =18,715  P  =32,374  P  =112,963  P  =2,244  P  =166,296  Real estate activities  123,845  18,031  -  8,838  150,714  Public administration and defense; compulsory  social security  -  123,844  -  -  123,844  Activities of households as employers;  undifferentiated goods and services and  producing activities of households for own  use****  41,804  -  -  53,050  94,854  Wholesale and retail trade; repair of motor  vehicles and motorcycles  81,643  500  -  10,413  92,556  Electricity, gas, stream and air conditioning  supply  77,577  2,115  -  8,594  88,286  Manufacturing  57,545  4,731  -  3,866  66,142  Construction  15,145  -  -  22,439  37,584  Transportation and storage  20,845  3,036  -  4,772  28,653  Information and communication  23,886  1,184  -  721  25,791  Water supply, sewerage, waste management and  remediation activities  9,920  -  -  3,003  12,923  Professional scientific and technical services  9,957  -  -  1,561  11,518  Agriculture, forestry and fishing  9,683  -  -  993  10,676  Others  11,720  3,833  -  5,209  20,762  P  =502,285  P  =189,648  P  =112,963  P  =125,703  P  =930,599  December 31, 2021  Financial and insurance activities  P  =34,047  P  =9,044  P  =110,078  P  =1,603  P  =154,772  Real estate activities  106,638  9,923  -  3,606  120,167  Public administration and defense; compulsory  social security  830  81,757  -  -  82,587  Electricity, gas, stream and air conditioning  supply  70,879  -  -  10,501  81,380  Activities of households as employers;  undifferentiated goods and services and  producing activities of households for own  use****  39,623  -  -  34,969  74,592  Wholesale and retail trade; repair of motor  vehicles and motorcycles  65,964  2  -  8,344  74,310  Manufacturing  49,587  7,899  -  5,699  63,185  Information and communication  18,831  -  -  10,106  28,937  Transportation and storage  20,205  275  -  4,069  24,549  Construction  11,654  -  -  1,058  12,712  Agriculture, forestry and fishing  8,447  -  -  748  9,195  Water supply, sewerage, waste management and  remediation activities  5,056  -  -  531  5,587  Professional scientific and technical services  5,032  -  -  45  5,077  Others  11,753  483  -  8,134  20,370  Financial and insurance activities  P  =448,546  P  =109,383  P  =110,078  P  =89,413  P  =757,420   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Consists of Financial assets at FVTPL and FVTOCI, and Investment securities at amortized cost

** Consists of Due from BSP, Due from other banks, Interbank loans receivables and SPURA and Cash collateral deposits (included in 'Other assets')

*** Consists of Contingent liabilities relating to inward and outward bills for collections, outstanding guarantees, letters of credit, unutilized credit limit of credit card holders, committed loan lines, security deposits and financial guarantees with commitment

**** Excludes loans and receivables on real estate or dwelling units which are considered production activities and classified under 'Real estate'

For details of the composition of the loans and receivables portfolio, refer to Note 14.

## Offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities

The Parent Company has various derivative financial instruments with various counterparties transacted under the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) which are subject to enforceable master netting agreements.  Under the agreements, the Parent Company has the right to settle its derivative financial instruments either: (1) upon election of the parties; or (2) in the case of default and insolvency or bankruptcy.  The Parent Company, however, has no intention to net settle or to gross settle the accounts simultaneously.  Also, the enforceability of netting upon default is contingent on a future event, and so the offsetting criteria under PAS 32 are not met.  Consequently,

<!-- image -->

the gross amount of the derivative asset and the gross amount of the derivative liability are presented separately in the Parent Company's statements of financial position.

Cash collaterals have also been received from and pledged to the counterparties for the net amount of exposures from the derivative financial instruments.  These cash collaterals do not meet the offsetting criteria under PAS 32 since it can only be set off against the net amount of the derivative asset and derivative liability in the case of default and insolvency or bankruptcy, in accordance with an associated collateral arrangement.

The Parent Company has entered into sale and repurchase agreements with various counterparties that are accounted for as collateralized borrowing.  The Parent Company has also entered into a reverse sale and repurchase agreements with various counterparties that are accounted for as a collateralized lending.  These transactions are subject to a global master repurchase agreement with a right of setoff only against the collateral securities upon default and insolvency or bankruptcy and therefore do not meet the offsetting criteria under PAS 32.  Consequently, the related SSURA is presented separately from the collateral securities in the Parent Company's statements of financial position.

The table below presents the recognized financial instruments of the Group and the Parent Company that are offset, or subject to enforceable master netting agreements or other similar arrangements but not offset, as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, taking into account the effects of over-collateralization.

| Gross amounts of  recognized  financial  instruments  Gross amounts  set-off in  accordance with  the PAS 32  offsetting  criteria  Net amount  presented in  statements of  financial  position  Effect of remaining rights of  set-off that do not meet PAS 32  offsetting criteria  Net exposure  Financial  instruments  Financial  collateral  [a]  [b]  [c]=[a]-[b]  [d]  [e]=[c]-[d]  2022  Financial Assets  Derivative assets (Notes 6 and 10)  P  =2,664,382  P  =-  P  =2,664,382  P  =392,611  P  =-  P  =2,271,771  SPURA  23,518,740  -  23,518,740  -  23,519,798  -  P  =26,183,122  P  =-  P  =26,183,122  P  =392,611  P  =23,519,798  P  =2,271,771  Financial Liabilities  Derivative liabilities  (Notes 6, 11 and 20)  P  =1,752,818  P  =-  P  =1,752,818  P  =392,611  P  =-  P  =1,360,207  SSURA (Note 21)  23,360,860  -  23,360,860  -  26,709,407  -  P  =25,113,678  -  P  =25,113,678  P  =392,611  P  =26,709,407  P  =1,360,207  2021  Financial Assets  Derivative assets (Notes 6 and 10)  P  =1,240,315  P =-  P  =1,240,315  P  =509,384  P =-  P  =730,931  Financial Liabilities  Derivative liabilities  (Notes 6, 11 and 20)  P  =1,285,386  P =-  P  =1,285,386  P  =509,384  P =-  P  =776,002  SSURA (Note 21)  2,777,596  -  2,777,596  -  3,945,013  -  P  =4,062,982  P =-  P  =4,062,982  P  =509,384  P  =3,945,013  P  =776,002   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Collateral and other credit enhancements

The amount and type of collateral required depends on the assessment of the credit risk of the borrower or counterparty.  The Group follows guidelines on the acceptability of types of collateral and valuation parameters.

The main types of collateral obtained are as follows:

-  For corporate accounts - cash, guarantees, securities and physical collaterals (e.g., real estate, chattels, inventory, etc.); as a general rule, commercial, industrial and residential lots are preferred.
-  For retail lending - mortgages on residential properties and financed vehicles.

<!-- image -->

Management monitors the market value of real property collateral on an annual basis and as needed for marketable securities to preserve collateral cover.  The existing market value of collateral is considered during the review of the credit facilities and adequacy of the allowance for credit losses.

It is the Parent Company's policy to dispose assets acquired in an orderly fashion.  The proceeds from the sale of the foreclosed assets (classified as 'Investment properties' in the statements of financial position) are used to reduce or repay the outstanding claim.  In general, the Parent Company does not use repossessed properties for business.

## Credit quality per class of financial assets

In compliance with BSP Circular No. 855, the Parent Company has developed and continually reviews and calibrates its internal risk rating system for credit exposures aimed at uniformly assessing its credit portfolio in terms of risk profile.  Where appropriate, it obtains security, enters into master netting agreements, and limits the duration of exposures to maintain and even further enhance the quality of the Parent Company's credit exposures.

The credit quality of financial assets is monitored and managed using internal ratings and where available, external ratings.

The credit quality of trading and financial investment securities is generally monitored through internal ratings except for foreign entities which use external ratings of eligible external credit rating institutions. Credit exposures to foreign corporations and foreign financial institutions are limited to entities that are rated investment grade. The minimum acceptable risk rating is BBB- stable (for S&amp;P) and Baa3 (for Moody's).

Presented below is the credit risk rating table of S&amp;P &amp; Moody's:

| Agency  Investment Grade  S&amp;P  AAA  AA+  AA  AA-  A+  A  A-  BBB+  BBB  BBB-  Moody's  Aaa  Aa1  Aa2  Aa3  A1  A2  A3  Baa1  Baa2  Baa3  Agency  Non-Investment Grade  S&amp;P  BB+  BB  BB-  B+  B  B-  Below B-  Moody's  Ba1  Ba2  Ba3  B1  B2  B3  Below B3   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In the Bank's mapping of risk ratings of its asset classes, S&amp;P and Moody's investment grade ratings and BB+/Ba1 are considered high grade, BB/Ba2 down to B-/B3 ratings are considered medium grade, and below B-/B3 ratings are considered low grade.

For loan exposures, the credit quality is generally monitored using its internal credit risk ratings system.  It is the Parent Company's policy to maintain accurate and consistent risk ratings across the credit portfolio.  This facilitates management to focus on major potential risk and the comparison of credit exposures across all lines of business, demographics and products.  The rating system is supported by a variety of financial analytics, combined with an assessment of qualitative factors such as management and market information to provide the main inputs for the measurement of credit or counterparty risk.  Other variables that may impact the borrower's creditworthiness but are not yet factored into the baseline rating are considered in the model overlay to arrive at the final Probability of Default (PD) rating . All PD ratings are tailored with various categories and are derived in accordance with the Group's rating policy.  The attributable risk ratings are assessed and updated regularly.

<!-- image -->

The Group uses PD Ratings to classify the credit quality of its receivables portfolio.  This is currently undergoing upgrade to enhance credit evaluation parameters across different market segments and achieve a more sound and robust credit risk assessment.  The description of the loan grades used by the Group for receivable from customers, except credit card receivables and receivables of SBEI, are as follows:Wholesale Banking Segment Scorecards

The Parent Company has two (2) Wholesale Banking Segment scorecards, differentiated according to the revenue size of the borrower: Big Accounts scorecard for borrowers with at least P =2.0 billion in revenue size, and Small Accounts scorecard for borrowers with less than P =2.0 billion revenue size. Both scorecards are mapped to an 11-grade scale masterscale with each grade having a corresponding probability of default (PD).

## High Grade (PD Rating of 1 to 7)

Accounts in this category have a low probability of defaulting on their obligations over the next 12 months.  A comfortable degree of stability and diversity can be found in these borrowers.

## Medium Grade (PD Rating of 8 to 9)

The probability of default (PD) of accounts in this category is slightly higher than high grade borrowers.  Accounts whose financial ratios exhibit an amount of buffer though somewhat limited. These accounts can withstand minor economic weaknesses but may suffer if conditions deteriorate in a significant way and therefore, default risk is present under such adverse conditions.  Repayment ability is more or less assured if economic and industry conditions remain stable.

## Low Grade (PD Rating of 10 to 11)

Accounts for which default risk are very much present and those that have defaulted already are included in this category.

For SBEI's receivable portfolio, the Group classifies accounts that are neither past due nor impaired as follows:

High Grade - receivables from counterparties with no history of default and with apparent ability to settle the obligation.  In case of receivables from customers, the outstanding amount must be more than 200.0% secured by collateral.

Medium Grade - receivable from counterparties with no history of default, with apparent ability to settle the obligation and the outstanding amount must be 100.0% - 200.0% secured by collateral.

Low Grade - receivable from counterparties with history of default and partially secured or unsecured accounts.

Unrated - Receivables from employees and refundable deposits.

For Auto Loan receivables, the Parent Company classifies accounts that are neither past due nor impaired as follows:

High Grade - Accounts with score &gt;752 and 0-30 Days Past Due; or with score &gt;752 and 31-90 Days Past Due in the last 6 months.

Medium Grade - Accounts with score &gt;679-752 and 0-30 Days Past Due; or with score &gt;679-752 and 31-90 Days Past Due in the last 6 months; or with score &gt;565-679 and 0 Delinquency Segment and 030 Days Past Due; or with score &gt;565-679 and 0 Delinquency Segment and 31-90 Days Past Due in the last 6 months.

<!-- image -->

Low Grade - Accounts with score &gt;565-679 and 0+ Delinquency Segment and 0-30 Days Past Due; or with score &gt;565-679 and 0+ Delinquency Segment and 31-90 Days Past Due in the last 6 months; or with score &lt;=564 and 0-30 Days Past Due.

Unrated - Accounts which unrated and 0-30 Days Past Due; or Unrated and 31-90 Days Past Due in the last 6 months.

For Credit Card receivables, the Parent Company classifies accounts that are neither past due nor impaired as follows:

High Grade - Accounts with score &gt;715 and 0-30 Days Past Due; or with score &gt;715 and 31-90 Days Past Due in the last 6 months.

Medium Grade - Accounts with score &gt;580-715 and 0-30 Days Past Due; or with score &gt;580-715 and 31-90 Days Past Due in the last 6 months.

## Low Grade - Accounts with score &lt;=580.

Unrated - Accounts which are inactive in the last 12 months; too early or not enough information to rate; Unrated and 31-90 Days Past Due in the last 6 months; Restructured and 0-90 Days Past Due.

For both Auto Loans and Credit Cards, classification criteria mentioned above will be based on the following hierarchy:

1. Current reporting period's Days Past Due,
2. Current reporting period's Behaviour Score, and
3. Last 6 month's Days Past Due reckoned from the current reporting period.

For Business Banking Loan receivables, scorecards are used to determine the PD of the account. The Parent Company classifies accounts that are neither past due nor impaired as follows:

## High Grade (PD Rating of &lt;1%)

Accounts in this category have a low probability of defaulting on their obligations over the next 12 months.  A comfortable degree of stability and diversity can be found in these borrowers.

## Medium Grade (PD Rating of 1% to 10%)

The probability of default (PD) of accounts in this category is slightly higher than high grade borrowers.  These accounts can withstand minor economic weaknesses but may suffer if conditions deteriorate in a significant way and therefore, default risk is present under such adverse conditions. Repayment ability is more or less assured if economic and industry conditions remain stable.

## Low Grade (PD Rating of 10+% and above)

Accounts for which an assumed default risk is present.

## Unrated - Accounts which are unrated and 0-30 Days Past Due

For the other products in the consumer loans portfolio, the Group is currently building a separate credit rating system to enhance credit evaluation parameters across different market segments and achieve a more sound and robust credit risk assessment. Accounts which are neither past due nor impaired are presented as unrated.

The tables below show the credit quality by class of financial assets (gross of allowance for credit losses and net of unearned discounts and deferred credits) of the Group and the Parent Company.

<!-- image -->

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all investment securities are classified as Stage 1.

| Consolidated  Neither Past Due nor Individually Impaired  Total  High Grade  Medium Grade  Low Grade  Unrated  December 31, 2022  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments:  Government securities  P  =4,804,041  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =4,804,041  Private bonds  70,653  -  -  27,471  98,124  Total HFT investments  4,874,694  -  -  27,471  4,902,165  Derivative assets:  Currency forwards  1,173,788  -  -  472,515  1,646,303  Cross-currency swaps  -  -  -  304,835  304,835  Interest rate swaps  710,772  -  -  -  710,772  Bond forwards and options  2,472  -  -  -  2,472  Total derivative assets  1,887,032  -  -  777,350  2,664,382  Total financial assets at FVTPL  P  =6,761,726  P =  -  P =  -  P  =804,821  P  =7,566,547  Financial assets at FVTOCI:  Treasury notes and bills  P  =52,666,184  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P =52,666,184  Treasury bonds  55,759,876  -  -  -  55,759,876  Private bonds  4,050,963  -  -  -  4,050,963  P  =112,477,023  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P =112,477,023  Financial assets at amortized cost (excluding loans  and receivables)  Due from BSP  P  =63,011,416  P =  -  P =  -  P =  -  P =63,011,416  Due from other banks  20,098,513  -  -  -  20,098,513  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  27,516,755  -  -  -  27,516,755  Investment securities at amortized cost  Private bonds  57,241,929  -  -  -  57,241,929  Treasury bonds  9,308,398  -  -  -  9,308,398  Treasury notes and bills  2,697,158  -  -  -  2,697,158  69,247,485  -  -  -  69,247,485  179,874,169  -  -  -  179,874,169  P  =299,112,918  P  =-  P  =-  P  =804,821  P  =299,917,739  December 31, 2021  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments:  Government securities  P  =5,655,787  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =5,655,787  Private bonds  18,096  -  -  8,234  26,330  Total HFT investments  5,673,883  -  -  8,234  5,682,117  Derivative assets:  Currency forwards  730,492  -  -  127,981  858,473  Cross-currency swaps  119,170  -  -  42,318  161,488  Interest rate swaps  209,899  -  -  1,826  211,725  Interest rate futures  3,159  -  -  -  3,159  Bond option  5,470  -  -  -  5,470  Total derivative assets  1,068,190  -  -  172,125  1,240,315  Total financial assets at FVTPL  P  =6,742,073  P  =-  P  =-  P  =180,359  P  =6,922,432  Financial assets at FVTOCI:  Treasury notes and bills  P  =40,538,225  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P =40,538,225  Treasury bonds  35,567,565  -  -  -  35,567,565  Private bonds  2,291,563  -  -  1,942,741  4,234,304  P  =78,397,353  P  =-  P  =-  P  =1,942,741  P  =80,340,094  Financial assets at amortized cost (excluding loans  and receivables)  Due from BSP  P  =67,391,502  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =67,391,502  Due from other banks  13,127,536  -  -  -  13,127,536  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  29,424,804  -  -  -  29,424,804  Investment securities at amortized cost  Private bonds  21,904,006  -  -  -  21,904,006  131,847,848  -  -  -  131,847,848  P  =216,987,274  P  =-  P  =-  P  =2,123,100  P  =219,110,374   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  Neither Past Due nor Individually Impaired  Total  High Grade  Medium Grade  Low Grade  Unrated  December 31, 2022  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments:  Government securities  P  =4,804,041  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =4,804,041  Private bonds  70,653  -  -  27,471  98,124  Total HFT investments  4,874,694  -  -  27,471  4,902,165  Derivative assets:  Currency forwards  1,173,788  -  -  472,515  1,646,303  Cross-currency swaps  -  -  -  304,835  304,835  Interest rate swaps  710,772  -  -  -  710,772  Bond forwards and options  2,472  -  -  -  2,472  Total derivative assets  1,887,032  -  -  777,350  2,664,382  Total financial assets at FVTPL  P  =6,761,726  P  =-  P  =-  P  =804,821  P  =7,566,547  Financial assets at FVTOCI  Treasury notes and bills  P  =52,666,184  P =  -  P =  -  P =  -  P  =52,666,184  Treasury bonds  55,759,876  -  -  -  55,759,876  Private bonds  4,050,963  -  -  -  4,050,963  P  =112,477,023  P =  -  P =  -  P =  -  P =112,477,023  Financial assets at amortized cost (excluding loans  and receivables)  Due from BSP  P  =63,011,416  P =  -  P =  -  P =  -  P  =63,011,416  Due from other banks  20,034,425  -  -  -  20,034,425  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  27,516,755  -  -  -  27,516,755  Investment securities at amortized cost  Private bonds  57,241,929  -  -  -  57,241,929  Treasury bonds  9,308,398  -  -  -  9,308,398  Treasury notes and bills  2,697,158  -  -  -  2,697,158  69,247,485  -  -  -  69,247,485  179,810,081  -  -  -  179,810,081  P  =299,048,830  P  =-  P  =-  P  =804,821  P =299,853,651  December 31, 2021  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments:  Government securities  P  =5,655,787  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =5,655,787  Private bonds  18,072  -  -  8,258  26,330  Total HFT investments  5,673,859  -  -  8,258  5,682,117  Derivative assets:  Currency forwards  730,492  -  -  127,981  858,473  Cross-currency swaps  119,170  -  -  42,318  161,488  Interest rate swaps  209,899  -  -  1,826  211,725  Interest rate futures  3,159  -  -  -  3,159  Bond option  5,470  -  -  -  5,470  Total derivative assets  1,068,190  -  -  172,125  1,240,315  Total financial assets at FVTPL  P  =6,742,049  P  =-  P  =-  P  =180,383  P  =6,922,432  Financial assets at FVTOCI  Treasury notes and bills  P  =40,538,225  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =40,538,225  Treasury bonds  35,567,565  -  -  -  35,567,565  Private bonds  2,291,563  -  -  1,942,741  4,234,304  P  =78,397,353  P  =-  P  =-  P  =1,942,741  P  =80,340,094  Financial assets at amortized cost (excluding loans  and receivables)  Due from BSP  P  =67,391,502  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =67,391,502  Due from other banks  13,001,430  -  -  -  13,001,430  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  29,424,804  -  -  -  29,424,804  Investment securities at amortized cost  Private bonds  21,904,006  -  -  -  21,904,006  131,721,742  -  -  -  131,721,742  P  =216,861,144  P  =-  P  =-  P  =2,123,124  P =218,984,268   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Consolidated  December 31, 2022  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Receivable from customers:  Corporate lending  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  P  =194,660,762  P  =-  P  =-  P  =194,660,762  Medium grade  88,751,868  30,310,696  -  119,062,564  Low grade  35,363,938  25,672,195  -  61,036,133  Past due but not impaired  -  677,000  -  677,000  Past due and impaired  -  -  11,705,398  11,705,398  318,776,568  56,659,891  11,705,398  387,141,857  Consumer lending (excluding credit card receivables)  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  4,989,221  -  -  4,989,221  Medium grade  12,989,200  13,839  -  13,003,039  Low grade  2,835,313  310,260  -  3,145,573  Unrated  5,659,469  442,328  -  6,101,797  Past due but not impaired  -  957,551  -  957,551  Past due and impaired  -  -  1,543,684  1,543,684  26,473,203  1,723,978  1,543,684  29,740,865  Small business lending  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  9,000  -  -  9,000  Medium grade  271,273  3,517  -  274,790  Low grade  338,489  32,902  -  371,391  Past due but not impaired  -  -  -  -  Past due and impaired  -  -  62,888  62,888  618,762  36,419  62,888  718,069  Residential mortgages  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  2,082,629  -  -  2,082,629  Medium grade  294,036  -  -  294,036  Low grade  488,536  540,890  -  1,029,426  Unrated  64,934,643  116,860  -  65,051,503  Past due but not impaired  -  636,766  -  636,766  Past due and impaired  -  -  1,757,024  1,757,024  67,799,844  1,294,516  1,757,024  70,851,384  Credit card receivables - individual  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  3,456,969  1,550  -  3,458,519  Medium grade  16,146,212  127,781  -  16,273,993  Low grade  -  570,242  -  570,242  Unrated  876,087  320,027  -  1,196,114  Past due but not impaired  -  700,739  -  700,739  Past due and impaired  -  -  889,354  889,354  20,479,268  1,720,339  889,354  23,088,961  Receivable from customers (SBEI)  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  121,719  -  -  121,719  Medium grade  582,893  -  -  582,893  Low grade  292,743  -  -  292,743  Unrated  -  -  -  -  Past due but not impaired  -  32,972  -  32,972  997,355  32,972  -  1,030,327  Total receivable from customers  435,145,000  61,468,115  15,958,348  512,571,463   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

<!-- image -->

| Consolidated  December 31, 2022  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Other receivables  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  P  =3,382,693  P  =206,021  P =  -  P  =3,588,714  Medium grade  697,320  59,640  -  756,960  Low grade  606,676  240,343  -  847,019  Unrated  620,931  21,488  -  642,419  Past due but not impaired  -  82,514  -  82,514  Past due and impaired  -  -  606,598  606,598  5,307,620  610,006  606,598  6,524,224  Other assets*  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  2,402,982  -  -  2,402,982  2,402,982  -  -  2,402,982  P  =442,855,602  P  =62,078,121  P  =16,564,946  P  =521,498,669   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Consists of cash collateral and security deposits

| Consolidated  December 31, 2021  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Receivable from customers:  Corporate lending  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  P  =173,706,663  P  =-  P  =-  P  =173,706,663  Medium grade  66,559,954  7,465,493  -  74,025,447  Low grade  29,072,091  61,626,520  -  90,698,611  Past due but not impaired  -  413,341  -  413,341  Past due and impaired  -  -  12,555,152  12,555,152  269,338,708  69,505,354  12,555,152  351,399,214  Consumer lending (excluding credit card receivables)  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  4,932,923  -  -  4,932,923  Medium grade  10,481,082  9,797  -  10,490,879  Low grade  2,674,675  454,639  -  3,129,314  Unrated  8,112,450  638,198  -  8,750,648  Past due but not impaired  -  1,345,170  -  1,345,170  Past due and impaired  -  -  2,973,684  2,973,684  26,201,130  2,447,804  2,973,684  31,622,618  Small business lending  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  37,684  -  -  37,684  Medium grade  446,583  11,213  -  457,796  Low grade  527,380  144,849  -  672,229  Past due and impaired  -  -  49,529  49,529  1,011,647  156,062  49,529  1,217,238  Residential mortgages  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  2,287,427  -  -  2,287,427  Medium grade  155,733  15,090  -  170,823  Low grade  216,240  93,355  -  309,595  Unrated  51,515,859  131,777  -  51,647,636  Past due but not impaired  -  976,979  -  976,979  Past due and impaired  -  -  3,234,018  3,234,018  54,175,259  1,217,201  3,234,018  58,626,478   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

<!-- image -->

| Consolidated  December 31, 2021  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Credit card receivables - individual  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  P =2,555,325  P =943  P =-  P =2,556,268  Medium grade  12,557,383  113,240  -  12,670,623  Low grade  468,469  -  468,469  Unrated  449,809  260,239  -  710,048  Past due but not impaired  -  513,067  -  513,067  Past due and impaired  -  -  906,346  906,346  15,562,517  1,355,958  906,346  17,824,821  Receivable from customers (SBEI)  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  42,984  -  -  42,984  Medium grade  23,974  -  -  23,974  Low grade  569,944  -  -  569,944  Unrated  -  79,718  -  79,718  636,902  79,718  -  716,620  Total receivable from customers  366,926,163  74,762,097  19,718,729  461,406,989  Other receivables  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  2,470,240  -  -  2,470,240  Medium grade  594,594  30,074  -  624,668  Low grade  504,346  224,166  -  728,512  Unrated  672,550  27,480  -  700,030  Past due but not impaired  -  142,310  -  142,310  Past due and impaired  -  -  702,121  702,121  4,241,730  424,030  702,121  5,367,881  Other assets  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  261,857  -  -  261,857  Unrated  329,238  -  -  329,238  Past due but not impaired  591,095  -  -  591,095  Past due and impaired  P  =371,758,988  P  =75,186,127  P  =20,420,850  P  =467,365,965   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Consists of cash collateral and security deposits

| Parent Company  December 31, 2022  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Receivable from customers:  Corporate lending  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  P  =194,660,762  P =-  P  =-  P  =194,660,762  Medium grade  88,751,868  30,310,696  -  119,062,564  Low grade  36,565,132  25,672,195  -  62,237,327  Past due but not impaired  -  677,000  -  677,000  Past due and impaired  -  -  11,705,398  11,705,398  319,977,762  56,659,891  11,705,398  388,343,051  Consumer lending (excluding credit card receivables)  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  4,989,221  -  -  4,989,221  Medium grade  12,989,200  13,839  -  13,003,039  Low grade  2,835,313  310,260  -  3,145,573  Unrated  5,657,105  442,328  -  6,099,433  Past due but not impaired  -  957,551  -  957,551  Past due and impaired  -  -  1,543,684  1,543,684  26,470,839  1,723,978  1,543,684  29,738,501   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  December 31, 2022  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Small business lending  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  P = 9,000  P =-  P =-  P =9,000  Medium grade  271,273  3,517  -  274,790  Low grade  338,489  32,902  -  371,391  Unrated  -  -  -  -  Past due but not impaired  -  -  -  -  Past due and impaired  -  -  62,888  62,888  618,762  36,419  62,888  718,069  Residential mortgages  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  2,082,629  -  -  2,082,629  Medium grade  294,036  -  -  294,036  Low grade  488,536  540,890  -  1,029,426  Unrated  64,934,643  116,860  -  65,051,503  Past due but not impaired  -  636,766  -  636,766  Past due and impaired  -  -  1,757,024  1,757,024  67,799,844  1,294,516  1,757,024  70,851,384  Credit card receivables - individual  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  3,456,969  1,550  -  3,458,519  Medium grade  16,146,212  127,781  -  16,273,993  Low Grade  -  570,242  -  570,242  Unrated  876,087  320,027  -  1,196,114  Past due but not impaired  -  700,739  -  700,739  Past due and impaired  -  -  889,354  889,354  20,479,268  1,720,339  889,354  23,088,961  Total receivable from customers  435,346,475  61,435,143  15,958,348  512,739,966  Other receivables  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  3,377,605  206,021  -  3,583,626  Medium grade  697,320  59,640  -  756,960  Low Grade  190,326  240,343  -  430,669  Unrated  582,705  21,488  -  604,193  Past due but not impaired  -  78,277  -  78,277  Past due and impaired  -  -  536,647  536,647  4,847,956  605,769  536,647  5,990,372  Other assets*  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  2,402,982  -  -  2,402,982  2,402,982  -  -  2,402,982  P  =442,597,413  P =62,040,912  P =16,494,995  P =521,133,320   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Consists of cash collateral and security deposits

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  December 31, 2021  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Receivable from customers:  Corporate lending  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  P  =173,706,663  P  =-  P  =-  P  =173,706,663  Medium grade  66,559,954  7,465,493  -  74,025,447  Low grade  30,147,286  61,626,520  -  91,773,806  Past due but not impaired  -  413,341  -  413,341  Past due and impaired  -  -  12,555,151  12,555,151  270,413,903  69,505,354  12,555,151  352,474,408  Consumer lending (excluding credit card receivables)  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  4,932,923  -  -  4,932,923  Medium grade  10,481,082  9,797  -  10,490,879  Low grade  2,674,675  454,639  -  3,129,314  Unrated  8,109,035  638,198  -  8,747,233  Past due but not impaired  -  1,345,170  -  1,345,170  Past due and impaired  -  -  2,973,602  2,973,602  26,197,715  2,447,804  2,973,602  31,619,121  Small business lending  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  37,684  -  -  37,684  Medium grade  446,583  11,213  -  457,796  Low grade  527,380  144,849  -  672,229  Unrated  -  -  -  -  Past due but not impaired  -  -  -  -  Past due and impaired  -  -  49,529  49,529  1,011,647  156,062  49,529  1,217,238  Residential mortgages  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  2,287,427  -  -  2,287,427  Medium grade  155,733  15,090  -  170,823  Low grade  216,240  93,355  -  309,595  Unrated  51,515,859  131,777  -  51,647,636  Past due but not impaired  -  976,979  -  976,979  Past due and impaired  -  -  3,234,018  3,234,018  54,175,259  1,217,201  3,234,018  58,626,478  Credit card receivables - individual  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  2,555,325  943  -  2,556,268  Medium grade  12,557,383  113,240  -  12,670,623  Low Grade  468,469  -  468,469  Unrated  449,809  260,239  -  710,048  Past due but not impaired  513,067  -  513,067  Past due and impaired  -  -  906,346  906,346  15,562,517  1,355,958  906,346  17,824,821  Total receivable from customers  367,361,041  74,682,379  19,718,646  461,762,066  Other receivables  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  2,466,610  -  -  2,466,610  Medium grade  594,594  30,074  -  624,668  Low Grade  179,636  224,166  -  403,802  Unrated  656,193  27,480  -  683,673  Past due but not impaired  -  124,131  -  124,131  Past due and impaired  -  -  645,557  645,557  3,897,033  405,851  645,557  4,948,441  Other assets*  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  261,857  -  -  261,857  Unrated  329,238  -  -  329,238  591,095  -  -  591,095  P  =371,849,169  P  =75,088,230  P  =20,364,203  P  =467,301,602   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Consists of cash collateral and security deposits

<!-- image -->

The following table provides the analysis of the Group and the Parent Company's restructured receivables by class (included in the preceding table for the credit quality by class of financial assets) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| Consolidated and Parent Company  December 31, 2022  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Corporate lending  Neither past due nor impaired  Medium grade  P  =11,472  P  =102,145  P =-  P  =113,617  Low Grade  -  6,614,561  -  6,614,561  Past due and impaired  -  -  3,977,722  3,977,722  11,472  6,716,706  3,977,722  10,705,900  Consumer lending  Neither past due nor impaired  High grade  15,426  -  -  15,426  Medium grade  276,510  4,905  -  281,415  Low Grade  94,211  33,006  -  127,217  Unrated  109,641  37,735  -  147,376  Past due but not impaired  -  79,245  -  79,245  Past due and impaired  -  -  293,161  293,161  495,788  154,891  293,161  943,840  Small business lending  Past due and impaired  -  -  28,833  28,833  -  -  28,833  28,833  Residential mortgages  Neither past due nor impaired  Unrated  934,607  106,388  -  1,040,995  Past due but not impaired  -  31,624  -  31,624  Past due and impaired  -  -  260,108  260,108  934,607  138,012  260,108  1,332,727  P  =1,441,867  P  =7,009,609  P  =4,559,824  P  =13,011,300   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Consolidated and Parent Company

December 31, 2021

Stage 2

Stage 3

P

=889,791

4,285,177

-

194,000

-

5,368,968

-

1,067

32,285

90,804

110,719

-

234,875

P

=-

-

-

-

5,942,957

5,942,957

-

-

-

-

-

415,766

Total

P

=903,728

4,285,177

194,000

5,942,957

11,325,862

13,694

46,528

190,707

469,411

110,719

415,766

415,766

1,246,825

<!-- image -->

Corporate lending

Neither past due nor impaired

High grade

Medium grade

Low Grade

Unrated

Past due but not impaired

Past due and impaired

Consumer lending

Neither past due nor impaired

High grade

Medium grade

Low Grade

Unrated

Past due but not impaired

Past due and impaired

(Forward)

Stage 1

P

=13,937

-

-

-

-

13,937

13,694

45,461

158,422

378,607

-

-

596,184

| Consolidated and Parent Company  December 31, 2021  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Small business lending  Neither past due nor impaired  Low Grade  P  =-  P  =45,236  P  =-  P  =45,236  Past due but not impaired  -  -  -  Past due and impaired  -  -  13,304  13,304  -  45,236  13,304  58,540  Residential mortgages  Neither past due nor impaired  Unrated  638,260  131,777  -  770,037  Past due but not impaired  -  64,222  -  64,222  Past due and impaired  -  -  301,940  301,940  638,260  195,999  301,940  1,136,199  P  =1,248,381  P  =5,845,078  P  =6,673,967  P  =13,767,426   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment assessment

The Group calculates ECLs either on a collective or an individual basis.

Asset classes where the Group calculates ECL on an individual basis include:

-  The large and small and medium exposures of the business lending portfolio,
-  The credit cards and auto loans portfolio
-  The treasury, trading and interbank relationships (such as investment securities not held for trading, due from other banks, interbank loans and cash collateral deposits)

Asset classes where the Group calculates ECL on a collective basis include:

-  The smaller and more generic balances of the Parent Company's business express loans portfolio
-  Residential mortgages and other consumer lending

The Group groups these exposures into smaller homogeneous portfolios, based on a combination of internal and external characteristics of the loans.  It includes but not limited to product type, property type, geographic location, internal grade, exposure value, utilization and collateral type, as applicable.

The Group performs assessment of significant increase in credit risk (see Note 2).

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group and the Parent Company recognize impairment losses based on the results of its individual and collective assessment of its credit exposures.  Impairment has taken place when there is a presence of known difficulties in the servicing of cash flows by counterparties, a significant credit rating downgrade, infringement of the original terms of the contract has happened, or when there is inability to pay principal or interest overdue beyond a certain threshold.  These and other factors, either singly or together with other factors, constitute observable events and/or data that meet the definition of an objective evidence of impairment.

## Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset.

Liquidity risk arises because of the possibility that the Group might be unable to meet its payment obligations when they fall due under both normal and stress circumstances.  Liquidity risk is monitored and managed mainly using liquidity gap and Maximum Cumulative Outflows (MCO) limits, stress testing, and compliance to Basel III liquidity ratios.  A Contingency Funding Plan is likewise in place to ensure readiness for identified liquidity crisis situation.

<!-- image -->

The Parent Company's Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO) is directly responsible for market and liquidity risk exposures.  ALCO regularly monitors the Parent Company's positions and sets the appropriate transfer pricing rate to effectively manage movements of funds across business activities.

In 2022, to manage funding liquidity risk in relation to the reestablishment of the HTC business model, the Bank applied a notional limit to its HTC government securities as a percentage of its core deposits and capital.

## Analysis of financial instruments by remaining contractual maturities

The table below shows the maturity profile of the Group's and the Parent Company's financial instruments, based on the Group's and the Parent Company's internal methodology that manages liquidity based on remaining contractual undiscounted cash flows.

## Financial assets

Maturity profile of financial assets held for liquidity purposes is shown below.  Analysis of equity and debt securities at FVTPL into maturity groupings is based on the expected date on which these assets will be realized.  For other assets, the analysis into maturity grouping is based on the remaining period from the end of the reporting period to the contractual maturity date or if earlier, the expected date the assets will be realized.

## Financial liabilities

The maturity grouping is based on the remaining period from the end of the reporting period to the contractual maturity date, except for deposits which are based on expected withdrawals.  When a counterparty has a choice of when the amount is paid, the liability is allocated to the earliest period in which the Group can be required to pay.

| Consolidated  On Demand  Within 30  Days  31 to 60  Days  61 to  180 Days  181 to  360 Days  Over  360 Days  Total  December 31, 2022  Financial Assets  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments:  Government securities  P  =4,804,041  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =4,804,041  Private bonds  98,124  -  -  -  -  -  98,124  Equity Securities  24  -  -  -  -  -  24  Total HFT investments  4,902,189  -  -  -  -  -  4,902,189  Derivatives  -  622,591  536,135  302,666  455,244  747,746  2,664,382  Total financial assets at FVTPL  4,902,189  622,591  536,135  302,666  455,244  747,746  7,566,571  Financial assets at amortized cost:  COCI and due from BSP  76,191,588  -  -  -  -  -  76,191,588  Due from other banks  20,097,291  -  -  -  -  -  20,097,291  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  with BSP  -  23,518,740  -  2,031,027  -  2,514,213  28,063,980  Investment securities at amortized cost  -  360,000  -  1,762,360  3,521,273  64,853,870  70,497,503  Receivable from customers and  other receivables  -  118,298,074  81,570,585  67,270,389  47,781,414  317,987,898  632,908,360  Total financial assets at amortized cost  96,288,879  142,176,814  81,570,585  71,063,776  51,302,687  385,355,981  827,758,722  Financial assets at FVTOCI  -  2,302,448  518,391  222,193  231,208  109,617,253  112,891,493  Total financial assets  P  =101,191,068  P  =145,101,853  P  =82,625,111  P  =71,588,635  P  =51,989,139  P  =495,720,980  P  =948,216,786  Deposit liabilities:  Demand  P  =-  P  =78,822,650  P  =3,245,791  P  =4,875,959  P  =4,875,959  P  =140,722,432  P  =232,542,791  Savings  -  39,835,978  1,640,382  2,464,248  2,464,248  71,119,351  117,524,207  Time  -  92,172,990  48,627,911  36,299,273  48,480,708  13,716,138  239,297,020  LTNCD  -  -  172,805  8,936,430  6,065,200  11,095,937  26,270,372  Total deposit liabilities  -  210,831,618  53,686,889  52,575,910  61,886,115  236,653,858  615,634,390  Bills payable and SSURA  -  21,313,167  10,853,530  4,214,461  -  5,204,811  41,585,969  Notes and bonds payable  -  -  -  -  16,726,500  30,600,000  47,326,500  Acceptances payable  -  -  -  -  -  1,085,264  1,085,264  Margin deposits and cash letters of credit  -  -  -  -  -  63,946  63,946  Manager's and certified  checks  outstanding  -  4,103,071  -  -  -  -  4,103,071  Accrued interest, expense and other  liabilities  -  13,681,634  629,800  198,502  297,780  1,814,964  16,622,680  Total financial liabilities  P  =-  P  =249,929,490  P  =65,170,219  P  =56,988,873  P  =78,910,395  P  =275,422,843  P  =726,421,820   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Consolidated  On Demand  Within 30 Days  31 to 60 Days  61 to  180 Days  181 to  360 Days  Over  360 Days  Total  December 31, 2021  Financial Assets  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments:  Government securities  P  =5,676,277  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  = 5,676,277  Private bonds  26,437  -  -  -  -  -  26,437  Total HFT investments  5,702,714  -  -  -  -  -  5,702,714  Derivatives  -  227,941  69,025  526,470  83,314  333,565  1,240,315  Total financial assets at FVTPL  5,702,714  227,941  69,025  526,470  83,314  333,565  6,943,029  Financial assets at amortized cost:  COCI and due from BSP  78,474,801  -  -  -  -  -  78,474,801  Due from other banks  13,126,213  -  -  -  -  -  13,126,213  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  with BSP  -  29,686,686  -  -  -  -  29,686,686  Investment securities at amortized cost  -  85,302  485,462  1,972,638  459,050  22,300,686  25,303,138  Receivable from customers and  other receivables  -  70,188,758  60,575,682  46,544,926  34,976,937  350,002,828  562,289,131  Total financial assets at amortized cost  91,601,014  99,960,746  61,061,144  48,517,564  35,435,987  372,303,514  708,879,969  Financial assets at FVTOCI  -  1,465,047  265,499  1,363,775  1,777,896  92,251,678  97,123,895  Total financial assets  P  =97,303,728  P  =101,653,734  P  =61,395,668  P  =50,407,809  P  =37,297,197  P  =464,888,757  P  =812,946,893  Deposit liabilities:  Demand  P  =-  P  =73,374,926  P  =3,021,462  P  =4,538,963  P  =4,538,963  P  =130,996,586  P  =216,470,900  Savings  -  37,477,862  1,543,279  2,318,376  2,318,376  66,909,397  110,567,290  Time  -  15,493,008  15,896,926  91,474,926  -  48,957,668  171,822,528  LTNCD  -  84,250  84,250  336,998  505,498  26,170,857  27,181,853  Total deposit liabilities  -  126,430,046  20,545,917  98,669,263  7,362,837  273,034,508  526,042,571  Bills payable and SSURA  -  441,754  -  -  -  3,611,874  4,053,628  Notes and bonds payable  -  36,281  36,281  145,125  13,504,023  15,263,575  28,985,285  Acceptances payable  -  -  -  -  1,001,505  1,001,505  Margin deposits and cash letters of credit  -  -  -  -  -  40,182  40,182  Manager's and certified  checks  outstanding  -  4,221,372  -  -  -  -  4,221,372  Accrued interest, expense and other  liabilities  -  5,975,566  299,173  21,300  178,168  1,379,103  7,853,310  Total financial liabilities  P  =-  P  =137,105,019  P  =20,881,371  P  =98,835,688  P  =21,045,028  P  =294,330,747  P  =572,197,853  Parent Company  On Demand  Within  30 Days  31 to 60 Days  61 to  180 Days  181 to  360 Days  Over  360 Days*  Total  December 31, 2022  Financial Assets  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments:  Government securities  P  =4,804,041  P =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =4,804,041  Private bonds  98,124  -  -  -  -  -  98,124  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total HFT investments  4,902,165  -  -  -  -  -  4,902,165  Derivatives  -  622,591  536,135  302,666  455,244  747,746  2,664,382  Total financial assets at FVTPL  4,902,165  622,591  536,135  302,666  455,244  747,746  7,566,547  Financial assets at amortized cost:  COCI and due from BSP  76,191,463  -  -  -  -  -  76,191,463  Due from other banks  20,033,377  -  -  -  -  -  20,033,377  Interbank loans receivable and  SPURA with BSP  -  23,518,740  -  2,031,027  -  2,514,213  28,063,980  Investment securities at  amortized cost  -  360,000  -  1,762,360  3,521,273  64,853,870  70,497,503  Receivable from customers and  other receivables  -  118,339,512  66,583,862  52,340,971  32,671,263  348,822,686  618,758,294  Total financial assets at amortized cost  96,224,840  142,218,252  66,583,862  56,134,358  36,192,536  416,190,769  813,544,617  Financial assets at FVTOCI  -  2,302,448  518,391  222,193  231,208  109,577,462  112,851,702  Total financial assets  P =101,127,005  P =145,143,291  P =67,638,388  P =56,659,217  P =36,878,988  P =526,515,977  P =933,962,866   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  On Demand  Within  30 Days  31 to 60 Days  61 to  180 Days  181 to  360 Days  Over  360 Days*  Total  Financial Liabilities  Deposit liabilities:  Demand  P  =-  P  =76,541,822  P  =3,273,855  P  =4,917,933  P  =4,917,933  P  =143,022,806  P  =232,674,349  Savings  -  39,216,718  1,677,381  2,519,736  2,519,736  73,278,698  119,212,269  Time  -  92,259,186  48,673,385  41,123,635  48,526,045  11,333,756  241,916,007  LTNCD  -  -  172,805  8,936,430  6,065,200  11,095,937  26,270,372  Total deposit liabilities  -  208,017,726  53,797,426  57,497,734  62,028,914  238,731,197  620,072,997  Bills payable and SSURA  -  21,313,167  10,803,530  4,176,127  -  5,204,811  41,497,635  Notes payable  -  -  -  -  16,726,500  30,600,000  47,326,500  Acceptances payable  -  -  -  -  -  1,085,264  1,085,264  Margin deposits and cash letters of credit  -  -  -  -  -  63,946  63,946  Manager's and certified checks  outstanding  -  4,103,071  -  -  -  -  4,103,071  Accrued interest, expense and other  liabilities  13,687,517  630,050  198,502  297,780  1,314,964  16,128,813  Total financial liabilities  P  =-  P  =247,121,481  P  =65,231,006  P  =61,872,363  P  =79,053,194  P  =277,000,182  P  =730,278,226  Parent Company  On Demand  Within  30 Days  31 to 60 Days  61 to  180 Days  181 to  360 Days  Over  360 Days*  Total  December 31, 2021  Financial Assets  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments:  Government securities  P  =5,676,277  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =5,676,277  Private bonds  26,413  -  -  -  -  -  26,413  Total HFT investments  5,702,690  -  -  -  -  -  5,702,690  Others  -  227,941  69,025  526,470  83,314  333,565  1,240,315  Total financial assets at FVTPL  5,702,690  227,941  69,025  526,470  83,314  333,565  6,943,005  Financial assets at amortized cost:  COCI and due from BSP  78,474,676  -  -  -  -  -  78,474,676  Due from other banks  13,000,265  -  -  -  -  -  13,000,265  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  with BSP  -  29,686,686  -  -  -  -  29,686,686  Investment securities at  amortized cost  -  85,302  485,462  1,742,642  459,050  22,300,686  25,073,142  Receivable from customers and  other receivables  -  70,325,283  60,562,458  46,408,754  34,900,801  350,791,605  562,988,901  Total financial assets at amortized cost  91,474,941  100,097,271  61,047,920  48,151,396  35,359,851  373,092,291  709,223,670  Financial assets at FVTOCI  -  1,465,047  265,499  1,363,775  1,777,896  92,251,678  97,123,895  Total financial assets  P  =97,177,631  P  =101,790,259  P  =61,382,444  P  =50,041,641  P  =37,221,061  P  =465,677,534  P  =813,290,570  Financial Liabilities  Deposit liabilities:  Demand  P  =-  P  =71,306,577  P  =3,049,932  P  =4,581,560  P  =4,581,560  P  =133,240,448  P  =216,760,077  Savings  -  36,489,397  1,560,728  2,344,501  2,344,501  68,182,541  110,921,668  Time  -  14,849,452  15,896,926  91,474,926  -  50,841,273  173,062,577  LTNCD  -  84,250  84,250  336,998  505,498  25,326,497  26,337,493  Total deposit liabilities  -  122,729,676  20,591,836  98,737,985  7,431,559  277,590,759  527,081,815  Bills payable and SSURA  -  441,754  -  -  -  3,611,874  4,053,628  Acceptances payable  -  -  -  -  -  1,001,505  1,001,505  Margin deposits and cash letters of credit  -  -  -  -  -  40,182  40,182  Manager's and certified checks outstanding  -  4,221,372  -  -  -  -  4,221,372  Notes and bonds payable  36,281  36,281  145,125  13,504,023  15,263,575  28,985,285  Accrued interest, expense and other  liabilities  -  4,788,370  299,173  21,300  178,168  1,378,545  6,665,556  Total financial liabilities  P  =-  P  =132,217,453  P  =20,927,290  P  =98,904,410  P  =21,113,750  P  =298,886,440  P  =572,049,343   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The table below shows the contractual expiry by maturity of the Group's and the Parent Company's contingent liabilities and commitments (gross of allowance for credit losses).

| On Demand  Within  30 Days  31 to 60 Days  61 to  180 Days  181 to  360 Days  Over  360 Days  Total  December 31, 2022  Unutilized credit limit of credit card holders  P  =53,158,655  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P =53,158,655  Committed loan line  1,882,108  -  11,835,013  2,311,500  16,441,711  -  32,470,332  Unused commercial letters of credit  1,226,879  3,100,558  6,851,960  10,334,487  10,608,538  5,398,641  37,521,063  Outstanding guarantees  899,839  -  -  -  -  -  899,839  Inward bills for collection  829,173  78,916  37,639  5,124  -  -  950,852  Outward bills for collection  237,609  4,246  180,984  -  131  -  422,970  Financial guarantees with commitment  -  1,239  14,946  9,033  2,750  -  27,968  P  =58,234,263  P  =3,184,959  P =18,920,542  P =12,660,144  P =27,053,130  P  =5,398,641  P =125,451,679  December 31, 2021  Unutilized credit limit of credit card holders  P  =35,573,141  P =  -  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =35,573,141  Committed loan line  14,230,878  -  -  800,000  7,550,000  -  22,580,878  Unused commercial letters of credit  1,393,481  4,027,675  3,206,022  8,895,442  8,968,618  3,262,053  29,753,291  Outstanding guarantees  1,406,821  -  -  -  -  -  1,406,821  Inward bills for collection  346,393  6,455  -  -  -  -  352,848  Outward bills for collection  56,488  8,976  17,972  -  -  -  83,436  Financial guarantees with commitment  20,339  2,891  2,837  3,874  2,833  -  32,774  P  =53,027,541  P  =4,045,997  P  =3,226,831  P  =9,699,316  P  =16,521,451  P  =3,262,053  P  =89,783,189   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Market Risk

Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes in market variables such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices. The Group classifies exposures to market risk into either trading or non-trading portfolios and manages those portfolios separately.

The Group manages its market risk exposures through various established structures, processes and measurement tools.

-  Treasury Group, the unit in charge of managing customer flows, liquidity and interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB), and that which handles most of the proprietary trading of the Group, is assigned with risk limits by the ROC.
-  The Risk Management Group performs daily monitoring of compliance with policies, procedures and risk limits and accordingly makes recommendations, where appropriate.
-  The ALCO is the senior decision making body for the management of all market risks related to asset and liability management, and the trading and accrual books.
-  VaR is the statistical model used by the Group to measure the market risk of its trading portfolio, with the confidence level set at 99.0%.

The market risk measurement models are subjected to periodic back testing to ensure validity of market assumptions used.

Other risk management tools utilized by the Parent Company are as follows:

-  Loss limits
-  Position and duration limits, where appropriate
-  Mark-to-market valuation
-  VaR limits
-  Stress testing

Additional risk monitoring tools were likewise adopted to better cope with the fluid market environment.  This came mainly in the form of sensitivity analyses to pinpoint vulnerabilities in terms of profit or loss and capital erosion.

<!-- image -->

## Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk arises from the possibility that changes in interest rates will affect future cash flows or the fair value of financial instruments.  The Bank defines Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book as the risk of deterioration in the net interest income or capital of bank arising from the timing and rate mismatch of its assets and liabilities combined with unfavorable movements in interest rates.

The Parent Company follows a prudent policy on managing its assets and liabilities so as to ensure that exposure to fluctuations in interest rates are kept within acceptable limits.  Management of IRRBB entails identifications of risks in the banking book, modelling of balance sheet account behavior, measurement of interest rate gap, estimation of Earnings-at-Risk, interest rate stress-testing, calculation of change in Economic Value of Equity (EVE), reporting to ALCO, Risk Oversight Committee and the Board of Directors, model validation and maintenance, and regular audit.

Interest rate risk exposures are reported via the monthly repricing gap schedule.  The repricing gap report highlights mismatches in the repricing tenors of assets and liabilities.  Repricing gaps are calculated by distributing the statements of financial position accounts into time buckets based on the next repricing dates of individual items.  For non-maturing deposits, distinction is made between the stable (i.e. core) and non-stable portions, where the former is spread in time buckets aligned with Basel's IRRBB Document while the latter is bucketed in short-term tenors.  For time deposits and loans, model assumptions were developed based on historical experience of the Bank to capture early redemption risk and prepayment risk. These are adjusted using scaling factors under different interest rate shocks and stress scenarios when measuring the impact of IRRBB in economic value. After slotting the balance sheet items into time buckets, the resulting difference between the amount of the assets and the amount of the liabilities that will reprice within a particular time bucket constitutes a repricing gap.

The Group employs gap analysis to measure the sensitivity of its assets and liabilities to fluctuations in market interest rates for any given period.  A positive gap occurs when the amount of interest ratesensitive assets exceeds the amount of interest rate-sensitive liabilities and is favorable to the Group during a period of rising interest rates since it is in a better position to invest in higher yielding assets more quickly than it would need to refinance its interest bearing liabilities.  Conversely, during a period of falling interest rates, a positively gapped position could result in a restrained growth or even a declining net interest income.

The Delta EVE is a cash flow calculation that takes the present value of all asset cash flows and subtracts the present value of all liability cash flows.  This measure is defined as a bank's value sensitivity to changes in market rates.  Delta EVE will complement earnings-at-risk (EaR) and valueat-risk (VaR) as the Group's measure of interest rate risk.  As of December 31, 2022 , the Parent Company's Delta EVE  is at 8.86%, arising from parallel down interest rate shock scenario.

In 2022, to manage repricing gaps in relation to the reestablishemt of the HTC government securities business model, the Parent Company has applied a notional limit to its HTC government securities as a percentage of its total interest earning assets.

<!-- image -->

The following tables set forth the asset-liability gap position of the Group and of the Parent Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (amounts in millions):

| Consolidated  Within  30 Days  31 to 60  Days  61 to  180 Days  181 to  360 Days  Over  360 Days  Total  December 31, 2022  Rate-sensitive Financial Assets  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments:  Government securities  P  =4,804  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P =  4,804  Private bonds  98  -  -  -  -  98  Total HFT investments  4,902  -  -  -  -  4,902  Derivative assets  622  536  303  455  748  2,664  Total financial assets at FVTPL  5,524  536  303  455  748  7,566  Financial assets at amortized cost:  Due from BSP and other banks and  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  with the BSP  106,626  -  2,000  -  1,998  110,624  Investment securities at amortized cost -  gross of allowance  328  1,030  737  3,519  63,616  69,230  Receivable from customers and other  receivables - gross of allowance  75,789  86,424  61,074  51,559  244,250  519,096  Total financial assets at amortized cost  182,743  87,454  63,811  55,078  309,864  698,950  Financial assets at FVTOCI  2,302  518  222  231  109,617  112,890  Total rate-sensitive assets  190,569  88,508  64,336  55,764  420,229  819,406  Rate-sensitive Financial Liabilities  Deposit liabilities  207,639  51,832  50,982  59,914  235,471  605,838  Bills payable and SSURA  18,701  10,854  6,181  33  5,151  40,920  Notes and bonds payable  -  -  -  16,705  30,407  47,112  Total rate-sensitive liabilities  226,340  62,686  57,163  76,652  271,029  693,870  Asset-Liability Gap  (P  =35,771)  P  =25,822  P  =7,173  (P  =20,888)  P  =149,200  P  =125,536  December 31, 2021  Rate-sensitive Financial Assets  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments:  Government securities  P  =5,656  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =5,656  Private bonds  26  -  -  -  -  26  Total HFT investments  5,682  -  -  -  -  5,682  Derivative Assets  228  69  526  83  334  1,240  Total financial assets at FVTPL  5,910  69  526  83  334  6,922  Financial assets at amortized cost:  Due from BSP and other banks and  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  with the BSP  109,942  -  -  -  -  109,942  Investment securities at amortized cost -  gross of allowance  -  400  1,657  -  19,847  21,904  Receivable from customers and other  receivables - gross of allowance  68,252  58,642  39,691  25,678  274,512  466,775  Total financial assets at amortized cost  178,194  59,042  41,348  25,678  294,359  598,621  Financial assets at FVTOCI  1,199  -  307  199  78,964  80,669  Total rate-sensitive assets  185,303  59,111  42,181  25,960  373,657  686,212  Rate-sensitive Financial Liabilities  Deposit liabilities  245,309  15,897  91,475  -  170,908  523,589  Bills payable and SSURA  -  -  -  -  3,464  3,464  Notes and bonds payable  -  -  -  13,468  15,253  28,721  Total rate-sensitive liabilities  245,309  15,897  91,475  13,468  189,625  555,774  Asset-Liability Gap  (P  =60,006)  P  =43,214  (P  =49,294)  P  =12,492  P  =184,032  P  =130,438   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  Within  30 Days  31 to 60  Days  61 to  180 Days  181 to  360 Days  Over  360 Days  Total  December 31, 2022  Rate-sensitive Financial Assets  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments:  Government securities  P =  4,804  P =  -  P =  -  P =  -  P =  -  P =  4,804  Private bonds  98  -  -  -  -  98  Total HFT investments  4,902  -  -  -  -  4,902  Derivative assets  622  536  303  455  748  2,664  Total financial assets at FVTPL  5,524  536  303  455  748  7,566  Financial assets at amortized cost:  Due from BSP and other banks and  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  with the BSP  106,562  -  2,000  -  1,998  110,560  Investment securities at amortized cost -  gross of allowance  328  1,030  737  3,519  63,616  69,230  Receivable from customers and other  receivables - gross  83,495  83,080  58,438  49,816  243,901  518,730  Total financial assets at amortized cost  190,385  84,110  61,175  53,335  309,515  698,520  Financial assets at FVTOCI  2,303  518  222  231  109,577  112,851  Total rate-sensitive assets  198,212  85,164  61,700  54,021  419,840  818,937  Rate-sensitive Financial Liabilities  Deposit liabilities  231,829  40,361  25,625  23,375  286,688  607,878  Bills payable and SSURA  18,666  10,804  6,181  -  5,151  40,802  Notes and bonds payable  -  -  -  16,705  30,407  47,112  Total rate-sensitive liabilities  250,495  51,165  31,806  40,080  322,246  695,792  Asset-Liability Gap  (P  =52,283)  P  =33,999  P  =29,894  P  =13,941  P  =97,594  P  =123,145  Parent Company  Within  30 Days  31 to 60  Days  61 to  180 Days  181 to  360 Days  Over  360 Days  Total  December 31, 2021  Rate-sensitive Financial Assets  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments:  Government securities  P  =5,656  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =-  P  =5,656  Private bonds  26  -  -  -  -  26  Total HFT investments  5,682  -  -  -  -  5,682  Derivative assets  228  69  526  83  334  1,240  Total financial assets at FVTPL  5,910  69  526  83  334  6,922  Financial assets at amortized cost:  Due from BSP and other banks and  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  with the BSP  109,816  -  -  -  -  109,816  Investment securities at amortized cost  -  400  1,657  -  19,847  21,904  Receivable from customers and other  receivables - gross  68,252  58,642  39,691  25,678  274,447  466,710  Total financial assets at amortized cost  178,068  59,042  41,348  25,678  294,294  598,430  Financial assets at FVTOCI  1,199  -  307  199  78,919  80,624  Total rate-sensitive assets  185,177  59,111  42,181  25,960  373,547  685,976  Rate-sensitive Financial Liabilities  Deposit liabilities  244,954  15,897  91,475  -  173,147  525,473  Bills payable and SSURA  -  -  -  -  3,368  3,368  Notes payable  -  -  -  13,468  15,253  28,721  Total rate-sensitive liabilities  244,954  15,897  91,475  13,468  191,768  557,562  Asset-Liability Gap  (P  =59,777)  P  =43,214  (P  =49,294)  P  =12,492  P  =181,779  P  =128,414   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The following table provides for the average effective interest rates by period of repricing (or by period of maturity if there is no repricing) of the Group and of the Parent Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  Less than  3 months  3 months  to 1 year  Greater  than 1 year  Less than 3  months  3 months  to 1 year  Greater  than 1 year  December 31, 2022  Peso  Financial Assets  Due from BSP  1.68%  -  -  1.68%  0.00%  -  Due from banks  -  3.75%  -  -  5.97%  -  Interbank loans  0.15%  -  -  0.15%  -  -  Investment securities*  5.04%  3.96%  4.18%  5.04%  3.96%  4.18%  Loans and receivables  4.43%  6.10%  7.21%  4.43%  6.10%  7.21%  Financial Liabilities  Deposit liabilities other than LTNCD  5.00%  3.70%  3.99%  5.00%  3.70%  3.99%  LTNCD  -  -  4.10%  -  -  4.10%  Bills payable and SSURA  -  -  8.00%  -  -  8.00%  Notes payable  -  -  4.29%  -  -  4.29%  USD  Financial Assets  Due from banks  0.35%  -  -  0.35%  -  -  Investment securities*  2.62%  3.85%  2.93%  2.62%  3.85%  2.93%  Loans and receivables  3.61%  4.43%  5.74%  3.61%  4.43%  5.74%  Financial Liabilities  Deposit liabilities  3.36%  3.15%  2.92%  3.36%  3.15%  2.92%  Bills payable  4.19%  2.35%  4.85%  4.19%  2.35%  4.85%  Notes payable  -  -  4.68%  -  -  4.68%  December 31, 2021  Peso  Financial Assets  Due from BSP  1.72%  -  -  1.72%  -  -  Due from banks  0.04%  -  -  0.04%  -  -  Interbank loans  -  5.50%  -  -  5.50%  -  Investment securities*  2.34%  3.08%  4.07%  2.34%  3.08%  4.07%  Loans and receivables  4.60%  5.11%  7.19%  4.60%  5.11%  7.19%  Financial Liabilities  Deposit liabilities other than LTNCD  0.83%  1.02%  0.76%  0.83%  1.02%  0.76%  LTNCD  -  -  4.24%  -  -  4.24%  Bills payable and SSURA  -  -  8.00%  -  -  8.00%  Notes payable  6.35%  3.55%  -  6.35%  3.55%  -  USD  Financial Assets  Due from banks  0.04%  -  -  0.04%  -  -  Investment securities*  0.57%  -  1.71%  0.57%  -  1.71%  Loans and receivables  0.85%  8.07%  0.24%  0.85%  8.07%  0.24%  Financial Liabilities  Deposit liabilities  0.15%  0.34%  0.51%  0.15%  0.34%  0.51%  Bills payable  -  0.74%  4.85%  -  0.74%  4.85%  Notes payable  -  -  4.68%  -  -  4.68%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Consists of Financial assets at FVTPL, Financial assets at FVTOCI and Investment securities at amortized cost

## Market Risk in the Trading Book

The Parent Company needs to measure VaR in order to have an idea on how the market value of an asset or of a portfolio of assets is likely to decrease over a certain time period as market factors randomly change.

<!-- image -->

VaR computation is a two-step process which involves calculation of the changes in the relevant risk factors then computing for the corresponding impact on the exposure's value.  A risk factor is defined as a variable that causes a change in the value of a financial instruments or a portfolio of financial instruments.

## VaR Methodology

The Parent Company uses a Historical Model approach to calculate VaR for all products.

Unlike parametric methods, the historical approach does not put specific assumptions on the distribution (ex. normality assumption) of the historical returns. Instead, the Historical Model estimates VaR using historical changes in market factors to construct an empirical distribution of potential profits and losses, and then reading off the loss that is exceeded at a specified confidence level and period.  The Parent Company employs Historical model using a Taylor expansion composed of 'Greek' sensitivities (Delta and Gamma) characterizing market behavior.

## VaR Parameters

The Group uses one-year historical observations consisting of 365 data points with a 99.0% confidence level and a 1-day holding period.  This implies there is 99% confidence that the portfolio will not lose more than the calculated VaR over the next day.

The VaR figures are backtested against actual and hypothetical profit and loss to validate the robustness of the VaR model.  Likewise, to complement the VaR measure, the Parent Company performs stress tests wherein the trading portfolios are valued under extreme market scenarios not covered by the confidence interval of the VaR model.

Since VaR is an integral part of the Parent Company's market risk management, VaR limits are set annually for all financial trading activities based on its risk appetite level.  Exposures are then monitored daily against the established VaR limits.

The following table provides the VaR summary of the Parent Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (amounts in millions):

| FX and FX  Swaps  Fixed Income  Interest  Rate Swap  Agreements*  Other  Derivatives  31-Dec-22  As of Dec. 31, 2022  7.083  7.305  5.523  6.505  Max as of Dec. 31 2022  26.876  96.215  12.595  9.587  Min as of Dec. 31, 2022  0.72  5.008  1.943  0.784  Ave as of Dec. 31, 2022  6.996  27.942  6.189  5.53  31-Dec-21  As of Dec. 31, 2021  4.837  13.39 3  5.418  4.905  Max as of Dec. 31 2021  20.405  72.982  20.217  20.673  Min as of Dec. 31, 2021  2.639  1.529  5.148  2.391  Ave as of Dec. 31, 2021  8.739  21.486  10.621  7.717   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Includes interest rate swap transactions of same currency, e.g., PHP fix/float, and cross currency swaps, e.g., USD/PHP fix/fix

The amounts displayed for disclosure above shows the stand-alone VaR for each product.

The Parent  Company's trading in  fixed income securities  together  with  the  interest  rate  swaps  are exposed to movements in interest rates.  Foreign exchange swaps and other derivatives such as options and gold forwards are exposed to multiple risk factors including foreign exchange rates, interest rates, and sometimes even the volatility of these factors, e.g., for options, the volatility of the FX rates are

<!-- image -->

also being traded. The high and low of the total portfolio may not equal to the sum of the individual components as the high and low of individual portfolios may have occurred on different trading days. The high and low of the total portfolio may not equal to the sum of the individual components as the high and low of individual portfolios may have occurred on different trading days.

## Equity price risk

Equity price risk is the risk that the fair values of equities will decrease as a result of changes in the levels of equity indices and the value of individual stocks.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021  this risk originates from the open stock positions of SB Equities.

The following tables set forth the impact of changes in the PSE Index (PSEi) on the Group's unrealized gain (loss) (in absolute amounts):

| Consolidated  2022  2021  Changes in PSEi  13.19%  (13.19%)  3.13%  (3.13%)  Change on trading income of equity  portfolio under:  Financial intermediaries  P =-  P =-  P =-  P =-  Holding firms  71  (71)  33  (33)  Industrial companies  8  (8)  4  (4)  Property  -  -  -  -  Services  -  -  -  -  P =79  (P  =79)  P  =37  (P  =37)  As a percentage of the Group's net unrealized gain  (loss) for the year  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial Assets at FVTOCI

| Consolidated  2022  2021  Changes in PSEi  13.19%  -13.19%  3.13%  -3.13%  Change in net unrealized loss of SBEI's  PSE shares  P =1,668,906  (P  =1,668,906)  P  =758,450  (P  =758,450)  As a percentage of SBEI's net unrealized gain (loss)  for the year  22.22%  (22.22%)  8.99%  (8.99%)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group, except for SBEI, has no equity securities classified under Financial assets at FVTOCI as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 which are affected by changes in the PSEi as these securities are mainly golf and club shares.

## Market Risk in the Non-Trading Book

The accrual book pertains to the assets and liabilities that make up the Parent Company's balance sheet.  Such accrual positions are sensitive to changes in interest rates.  The Parent Company monitors the exposure of non-trading assets and liabilities to fluctuations in interest rates by measuring the impact of interest rate movements on its interest income.

The following tables set forth, for the period indicated, the sensitivity of the Parent Company's net interest income and equity to reasonably possible changes in interest rates with all other variables held constant:

| Currency  2022  2021  PHP  USD  PHP  USD  Changes in interest rates (in basis points)  +100  -100  +100  -100  +100  -100  +100  -100  Change in annualized net interest income*  P =835  (P  =835)  P =10  (P  =10)  P =2,073  (P  =2,073)  P =246  (P  =246)  *Amounts in millions   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

EaR is the bank's key measure of IRRBB.  EaR is the sensitivity of the statement of income as an effect of the assumed changes in interest rates on the net interest income for one year, based on the floating rate non-trading financial assets and financial liabilities held at each statements of financial position date.  This approach focuses on the impact in profit or loss of holding on to the gaps over a 1-year time frame.  The Bank calculates Earnings-at-Risk on monthly basis.

The take-off point for the EaR calculation is the bank's repricing gap model which takes into account behavior. To control the interest rate repricing risk in the banking books, the Parent Company sets a limit on the EaR measure.

The Parent Company recognizes, however, that this metric assumes a 'business-as-usual' scenario and, therefore, do not show potential losses under a 'stress' scenario.  To address this limitation, the Parent Company performs regular stress testing to test its ability to cope with adverse changes in interest rates under different stress scenarios.  This process involves applying interest rate shocks of different magnitudes to the current repricing gap positions in the balance sheet.  Stress-testing involves yield curve shifts based on economic forecasts and regulatory guidelines. Also, the bank uses hedging products such as interest rate swaps to hedge its banking book.

## Currency risk

Currency risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates.

Foreign currency-denominated deposits are generally used to fund the Parent Company's foreign currency-denominated loan and investment portfolio in the FCDU.  Banks are required by the BSP to match the foreign currency-denominated liabilities with the foreign currency-denominated assets held under the FCDU books.

The Group's policy is to maintain foreign currency exposure within acceptable limits and within existing regulatory guidelines.

The following tables summarize the Group's and the Parent Company's exposure to currency risk as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.  Included in the tables are the Group's and the Parent Company's assets and liabilities at carrying amounts, categorized by currency (amounts in Philippine Peso thousands equivalent and excludes FCDU USD-denominated instruments).

| Consolidated  2022  2021  USD  Others*  Total  USD  Others*  Total  Financial Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  P  =183  P  =251,484  P  =251,667  P  =51  P  =88,055  P  =88,106  Due from other banks  6,592,053  4,773,930  11,365,983  2,134,678  3,705,213  5,839,891  Financial assets at FVTPL  30,951  -  30,951  -  -  -  Loans and receivables  10,667,215  71,403  10,738,618  5,917,971  20,795  5,938,766  Other assets  -  -  -  1,103  -  1,103  Total financial assets  17,290,402  5,096,817  22,387,219  8,053,803  3,814,063  11,867,866  Financial Liabilities  Deposit liabilities  -  4,158,853  4,158,853  -  3,385,482  3,385,482  Derivative liabilities  -  -  -  14,599  -  14,599  Bills payable and SSURA  955,611  157  955,768  (28)  110  82  Acceptances payable  1,577,162  71,403  1,648,565  980,710  20,795  1,001,505  Margin deposits and cash letters of credit  32,463  -  32,463  2,751  -  2,751  Accrued interest, taxes and other expenses  21,990  851  22,841  681  243  924  Other liabilities  43,316  4,923  48,239  39,753  12,648  52,401  Total financial liabilities  2,630,542  4,236,187  6,866,729  1,038,466  3,419,278  4,457,744  Currency Swaps and Forwards  (472,157)  261,642  (210,515)  2,708,650  (55,183)  2,653,467  Net Exposure  P  =14,187,703  P =1,122,272  P =15,309,975  P  =9,723,987  P  =339,602  P  =10,063,589   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  2022  2021  USD  Others*  Total  USD  Others*  Total  Financial Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  P  =183  P  =251,484  P  =251,667  P  =51  P  =88,055  P  =88,106  Due from other banks  6,592,053  4,773,930  11,365,983  2,134,678  3,705,213  5,839,891  Financial assets at FVTPL  30,951  -  30,951  -  -  -  Loans and receivables  10,667,215  71,403  10,738,618  5,917,971  20,795  5,938,766  Other assets  -  -  -  1,103  -  1,103  Total financial assets  17,290,402  5,096,817  22,387,219  8,053,803  3,814,063  11,867,866  Financial Liabilities  Deposit liabilities  -  4,158,853  4,158,853  -  3,385,482  3,385,482  Derivative liabilities  -  -  -  14,599  -  14,599  Bills payable and SSURA  955,611  157  955,768  (28)  110  82  Acceptances payable  1,577,162  71,403  1,648,565  980,710  20,795  1,001,505  Margin deposits and cash letters of credit  32,463  -  32,463  2,751  -  2,751  Accrued interest, taxes and other expenses  21,990  851  22,841  681  243  924  Other liabilities  43,316  4,923  48,239  39,753  12,648  52,401  Total financial liabilities  2,630,542  4,236,187  6,866,729  1,038,466  3,419,278  4,457,744  Currency Swaps and Forwards  (472,157)  261,642  (210,515)  2,708,650  (55,183)  2,653,467  Net Exposure  P  =14,187,703  P =1,122,272  P =15,309,975  P  =9,723,987  P  =339,602  P  =10,063,589   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  Consists of Euro, British pound, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, Hong Kong dollar, Singapore dollar, New Zealand dollar, Swiss franc, Japanese yen, Danish kroner, Thai baht, Chinese yuan, and South Korean won

Information relating to the Parent Company's currency derivatives are disclosed in Note 6.  The Parent Company has outstanding cross-currency swaps with notional amount of USD304.8 million and USD161.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and foreign currency forward transactions with notional amount of USD1.3 billion (bought) and USD0.9 billion (sold) as of December 31, 2022 , and USD0.9 billion (bought) and USD1.2 billion (sold) as of December 31, 2021. The impact of the range of reasonably po ssible changes in the US Dollar-Philippine Peso exchange rate (except those in the FCDU books) on the Parent Company's non-consolidated pre-tax income in 2022 and 2021 has been included in the VaR summary per product line.

## Operational Risk

Operational risk is the probability of loss arising from fraud, unauthorized activities, errors, omissions, system failures, cyber incidents or from external events.  This is the broadest risk type encompassing product development and delivery, operational processing, systems development, computing systems, complexity of products and services, and the internal control environment.

Operational Risk Management is considered a critical element in the Bank's commitment to sound management and corporate governance.  Under the Bank's operational risk management framework and operational risk manual, a risk-based approach is used in mapping operational risks along critical/key business processes and services, addressing any deficiencies/weaknesses through the proactive process of identifying, assessing and limiting impact of risk in every business/operational area.

Group policies on internal control, information risk management, business continuity, crisis management and other operational risk aspects have been established and continuously developed to increase the Bank's operational resilience.  Key Risk Indicators have been recalibrated to improve oversight to the Bank's overall operational risk environment while Risk and Control Self-Assessment Guidelines have been updated to ensure identification, assessment, mitigation and monitoring of operational risks,.  In addition, the Bank has strengthened the Issue Escalation and Incident Reporting process to ensure that where lapses in controls occur, issues or incidents are captured, evaluated, elevated for correction and reported to concerned regulating bodies.  There is a continuous effort to expand the Operational Loss Database covering loss event categories as defined by Basel II.

<!-- image -->

There remains increased focus on operational resilience, with ongoing reviews of business continuity plans and crisis management playbooks, and planned upgrades to critical systems as part of IT disaster recovery efforts.

Increased digitalization in response to customer needs has been accompanied by enhanced alignment of the Bank's risk assessment and technology project management processes.  Security controls were strengthened to mitigate increasing cybersecurity and external fraud risks, particularly within the online banking services. Security awareness programs for both customers and staff have likewise been enhanced.  Finally, third-party experts were contracted to assess and guide further improvements to both cybersecurity maturity and incident response capability.  This is all to ensure that information security, fraud and operational resilience risks are adequately addressed.

## Sustainability Risk

Environmental &amp; Social Risk Management (ESRM) is the identification, measurement, assessment, monitoring and reporting of environmental and social risks associated with the Bank's lending and investment activities, and its operations.  The Bank has begun to incorporate environmental and social factors into the lending process and customer dialogue to align with its policies.  The Bank understands the consequences of failing to appropriately manage E&amp;S issues can directly impact its reputation, its operations, and the communities where the Bank and its clients operate.

## 6. Fair Value Measurement and Derivative Transactions

The following table provides the fair value hierarchy lending of the Group's and the Parent Company's assets and liabilities measured at fair value and those for which fair values should be disclosed:

| Consolidated  Fair Value  Carrying  Value  Total  Quoted Prices  in active  market  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  December 31, 2022  Assets Measured at Fair Value  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments:  Government securities  P  =4,804,041  P  =4,804,041  P  =179,691  P  =4,624,350  P  =-  Private bonds  98,124  98,124  62,254  35,870  -  Equity securities  25  25  -  25  -  Total HFT investments  4,902,190  4,902,190  241,945  4,660,245  -  Derivative assets:  Currency forwards  1,646,303  1,646,303  -  1,646,303  -  Interest rate swaps  710,772  710,772  -  710,772  -  Cross-currency swaps  304,835  304,835  -  304,835  -  Bond forwards and options  2,472  2,472  -  2,472  -  Total derivative assets  2,664,382  2,664,382  -  2,664,382  -  Total financial assets at FVTPL  7,566,572  7,566,572  241,945  7,324,627  -  Financial assets at FVTOCI:  Treasury bonds  55,759,876  55,759,876  17,000,162  38,759,714  -  Treasury notes and bills  52,666,184  52,666,184  18,403,670  34,262,514  -  Private bonds  4,050,963  4,050,963  -  4,050,963  -  Equity securities  414,470  414,470  -  414,470  -  112,891,493  112,891,493  35,403,832  77,487,661  -  P  =120,458,065  P  =120,458,065  P =35,645,777  P =84,812,288  P  =-   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Consolidated  Fair Value  Carrying  Value  Total  Quoted Prices  in active  market  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Assets for which Fair Values are Disclosed  Financial Assets  Financial assets at amortized cost:  Investment securities at amortized cost:  Private bonds  P  =57,224,404  P  =54,764,889  P =21,812,952  P =32,951,937  P  =-  Treasury bonds  9,308,398  9,045,312  -  9,045,312  -  Treasury notes and bills  2,697,158  2,705,775  1,088,219  1,617,556  -  Total investment securities at amortized cost  69,229,960  66,515,976  22,901,171  43,614,805  -  Receivable from customers:  Corporate lending  375,938,991  369,910,601  -  -  369,910,601  Consumer lending  50,010,942  48,152,662  -  -  48,152,662  Small business lending  669,819  663,934  -  -  663,934  Residential mortgages  69,851,609  69,222,082  -  -  69,222,082  Total receivable from customers  496,471,361  487,949,279  -  -  487,949,279  Other receivables  6,146,073  6,146,073  -  -  6,146,073  Other assets  527,231  478,574  -  -  478,574  Total financial assets at amortized cost  572,374,625  561,089,902  22,901,171  43,614,805  494,573,926  Non-financial Assets  Investment properties  3,204,671  3,995,533  -  -  3,995,533  P  =575,579,296  P =565,085,435  P  =22,901,171  P =43,614,805  P =498,569,459  Liabilities Measured at Fair Value  Financial liabilities at FVTPL:  Derivative liabilities:  Interest rate swaps  P  =622,754  P  =622,754  P  =-  P  =622,754  P  =-  Currency forwards  1,126,730  1,126,730  -  1,126,730  -  Bonds forward  3,334  3,334  -  3,334  -  Total financial liabilities at FVTPL  1,752,818  1,752,818  -  1,752,818  -  Liabilities for which Fair Values are Disclosed  Deposit liabilities excluding LTNCD  581,069,782  580,435,471  -  -  580,435,471  Notes Payable  47,111,693  47,162,308  -  -  47,162,308  LTNCD  24,766,786  24,666,830  -  -  24,666,830  Bills payable and SSURA  40,920,403  40,914,705  40,914,705  -  -  P  =693,868,664  P  =693,179,314  P =40,914,705  P  =-  P =652,264,609   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Consolidated

Fair Value

Significant

Quoted Prices in active market

(Level 1)

P

=902,552

7,841

-

910,393

-

-

-

-

-

-

910,393

observable inputs

(Level 2)

P

=4,753,235

18,489

24

4,771,748

858,473

211,725

161,488

3,159

5,470

1,240,315

Significant unobservable

inputs

(Level 3)

P

=-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

6,012,063

-

<!-- image -->

December 31, 2021

Assets Measured at Fair Value

Financial assets at FVTPL:

HFT investments:

Government securities

Private bonds

Equity securities

Total HFT investments

Derivative assets:

Currency forwards

Interest rate swaps

Cross-currency swaps

Interest rate futures

Bond options

Total derivative assets

Total financial assets at FVTPL

(Forward)

Carrying

Value

P

=5,655,787

26,354

24

5,682,165

858,473

211,725

161,488

3,159

5,470

1,240,315

6,922,480

Total

P

=5,655,787

26,330

24

5,682,141

858,473

211,725

161,488

3,159

5,470

1,240,315

6,922,456

| Consolidated  Fair Value  Carrying  Value  Total  Quoted Prices in  active market  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Financial assets at FVTOCI:  Treasury notes and bills  P  =40,538,225  P  =40,538,225  P  =1,208,124  P  =39,330,101  P  =-  Treasury bonds  35,567,565  35,567,565  19,246,936  16,320,629  -  Private bonds  4,234,304  4,234,304  585,235  3,649,069  -  Equity securities  329,127  329,127  -  329,127  -  80,669,221  80,669,221  21,040,295  59,628,926  -  P  =87,591,701  P  =87,591,677  P  =21,950,688  P  =65,640,989  P  =-  Assets for which Fair Values are Disclosed  Financial Assets  Financial assets at amortized cost  Investment securities at amortized cost:  Private bonds  P  =21,836,607  P  =22,109,944  P  =19,535,011  P  =2,574,933  P  =-  Total investment securities at amortized cost  21,836,607  22,109,944  19,535,011  2,574,933  -  Receivable from customers:  Corporate lending  340,377,816  346,725,557  -  -  346,725,557  Consumer lending  44,726,021  44,723,374  -  -  44,723,374  Small business lending  1,177,560  1,190,490  -  -  1,190,490  Residential mortgages  57,426,978  57,453,840  -  -  57,453,840  Total receivable from customers  443,708,375  450,093,261  -  -  450,093,261  Other receivables  4,875,539  4,875,539  -  -  4,875,539  Other assets  592,765  569,185  -  -  569,185  Total financial assets at amortized cost  471,013,286  477,647,929  19,535,011  2,574,933  455,537,985  Non-financial Assets  Investment properties  1,182,810  2,010,843  -  -  2,010,843  P  =472,196,096  P  =479,658,772  P  =19,535,011  P  =2,574,933  P  =457,548,828  Liabilities Measured at Fair Value  Financial liabilities at FVTPL:  Derivative liabilities:  Interest rate swaps  P  =110,983  P  =110,983  P  =-  P  =110,983  P  =-  Currency forwards  1,174,299  1,174,299  -  1,174,299  -  Cross-currency swaps  104  104  -  104  -  Total financial liabilities at FVTPL  P  =1,285,386  P  =1,285,386  P  =-  P  =1,285,386  P  =-  Liabilities for which Fair Values are Disclosed  Deposit liabilities excluding LTNCD  P  =498,860,718  P =499,102,684  P  =-  P  =-  P  =499,102,684  Bills payable and SSURA  3,464,424  3,397,822  3,397,822  -  -  Notes and bonds payable  28,721,313  29,774,531  -  -  29,774,531  LTNCD  24,728,573  25,224,883  -  -  25,224,883  P  =555,775,028  P  = 557,499,920  P  =3,397,822  P  =-  P  =554,102,098  Parent Company  Fair Value  Carrying  Value  Total  Quoted  Prices in  active  market  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  December 31, 2022  Assets Measured at Fair Value  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments:  Government securities  P  =4,804,041  P  =4,804,041  P  =179,691  P  =4,624,350  P  =-  Private bonds  98,124  98,124  62,254  35,870  -  Total HFT investments  4,902,165  4,902,165  241,945  4,660,220  -  Derivative assets:  Currency forwards  1,646,303  1,646,303  -  1,646,303  -  Cross-currency swaps  304,835  304,835  -  304,835  -  Interest rate swaps  710,772  710,772  -  710,772  -  Bond forwards and options  2,472  2,472  -  2,472  -  Total derivative assets  2,664,382  2,664,382  -  2,664,382  -  Total financial assets at FVTPL  7,566,547  7,566,547  241,945  7,324,602  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  Fair Value  Carrying  Value  Total  Quoted  Prices in  active  market  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Financial assets at FVTOCI:  Treasury bonds  P  =55,759,876  P = 55,759,876  P =17,000,162  P  =38,759,714  P  =-  Treasury notes and bills  52,666,184  52,666,184  18,403,670  34,262,514  -  Private bonds  4,050,963  4,050,963  -  4,050,963  -  Equity securities  374,679  374,679  -  374,679  -  112,851,702  112,851,702  35,403,832  77,447,870  -  P  =120,418,249  P =120,418,249  P =35,645,777  P =84,772,472  P  =-  Assets for which Fair Values are Disclosed  Financial Assets  Financial assets at amortized cost:  Investment securities at amortized cost:  Private bonds  P  =57,224,404  P  =54,764,889  P  =21,812,952  P =32,951,937  P  =-  Treasury bonds  9,308,398  9,045,312  -  9,045,312  -  Treasury notes and bills  2,697,158  2,705,775  1,088,219  1,617,556  -  Total investment securities at amortized cost  69,229,960  66,515,976  22,901,171  43,614,805  -  Receivable from customers:  Corporate lending  376,388,458  370,360,068  -  -  370,360,068  Consumer lending  49,731,154  47,872,874  -  -  47,872,874  Small business lending  669,819  663,934  -  -  663,934  Residential mortgages  69,851,609  69,222,082  -  -  69,222,082  Total receivable from customers  496,641,040  488,118,958  -  -  488,118,958  Other receivables  5,644,385  5,644,385  -  -  5,644,385  Other assets  529,234  480,989  -  -  480,989  Total financial assets at amortized cost  572,044,619  560,760,308  22,901,171  43,614,805  494,244,332  Non-financial Assets  Investment properties  3,203,896  3,994,758  -  -  3,994,758  P  =575,248,515  P =564,755,066  P =22,901,171  P  =43,614,805  P =498,239,090  Liabilities Measured at Fair Value  Financial liabilities at FVTPL:  Derivative liabilities:  Interest rate swaps  P  =622,754  P  =622,754  P =  -  P  =622,754  P =  -  Currency forwards  1,126,730  1,126,730  -  1,126,730  -  Currency Options  -  -  -  -  -  Bonds forward  3,334  3,334  -  3,334  -  Total financial liabilities at FVTPL  P  =1,752,818  P  =1,752,818  P =  -  P  =1,752,818  P =  -  Liabilities for which Fair Values are Disclosed  Financial liabilities at amortized cost:  Deposit liabilities excluding LTNCD  P  =583,111,913  P =583,811,300  P =  -  P =  -  P =583,811,300  Notes Payable  47,111,693  47,162,308  -  -  47,162,308  LTNCD  24,766,786  24,666,830  -  -  24,666,830  Bills payable and SSURA  40,802,069  40,796,371  40,796,371  -  -  P  =695,792,461  P  =696,436,809  P =40,796,371  P =  -  P =655,640,438   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  Fair Value  Carrying  Value  Total  Quoted Prices in  active market  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  December 31, 2021  Assets Measured at Fair Value  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments:  Government securities  P  =5,655,787  P  =5,655,787  P  =902,552  P  =4,753,235  P  =-  Private bonds  26,330  26,330  7,817  18,513  -  Total HFT investments  5,682,117  5,682,117  910,369  4,771,748  -  Derivative assets:  Currency forwards  858,473  858,473  -  858,473  -  Interest rate swaps  211,725  211,725  -  211,725  -  Cross-currency swaps  161,488  161,488  -  161,488  -  Interest rate futures  3,159  3,159  -  3,159  -  Bond forwards and options  5,470  5,470  -  5,470  -  Total derivative assets  1,240,315  1,240,315  -  1,240,315  -  Total financial assets at FVTPL  6,922,432  6,922,432  910,369  6,012,063  Financial assets at FVTOCI:  Treasury notes and bills  40,538,225  40,538,225  1,208,124  39,330,101  -  Treasury bonds  35,567,565  35,567,565  19,246,936  16,320,629  -  Private bonds  4,234,304  4,234,304  585,235  3,649,069  -  Equity securities  283,443  283,443  -  283,443  -  80,623,537  80,623,537  21,040,295  59,583,242  -  P  =87,545,969  P  =87,545,969  P  =21,950,664  P  =65,595,305  P  =-  Assets for which Fair Values are Disclosed  Financial Assets  Financial assets at amortized cost:  Investment securities at amortized cost:  Private bonds  P  =21,836,607  P  =22,109,944  P  =19,535,011  P  =2,574,933  P  =-  Total investment securities at amortized cost  21,836,607  22,109,944  19,535,011  2,574,933  -  Receivable from customers:  Corporate lending  340,930,896  343,868,134  -  -  343,868,134  Consumer lending  44,529,511  44,526,864  -  -  44,526,864  Small business lending  1,177,560  1,190,490  -  -  1,190,490  Residential mortgages  57,426,978  57,453,840  -  -  57,453,840  Total receivable from customers  444,064,945  447,039,328  -  -  447,039,328  Other receivables  4,481,397  4,481,397  -  -  4,481,397  Other assets  591,098  567,637  -  -  567,637  Total financial assets at amortized cost  470,974,047  474,198,306  19,535,011  2,574,933  452,088,362  Non-financial Assets  Investment properties  1,181,267  2,009,299  -  -  2,009,299  P  =472,155,314  P  =476,207,605  P  =19,535,011  P  =2,574,933  P  =454,097,661  Liabilities Measured at Fair Value  Financial liabilities at FVTPL:  Derivative liabilities:  Interest rate swaps  P  =110,983  P  =110,983  P  =-  P  =110,983  P  =-  Currency forwards  1,174,299  1,174,299  -  1,174,299  -  Cross-currency swaps  104  104  -  104  -  Total financial liabilities at FVTPL  P  =1,285,386  P  =1,285,386  P  =-  P  =1,285,386  P  =-  Liabilities for which Fair Values are Disclosed  Financial liabilities at amortized cost:  Deposit liabilities excluding LTNCD  P  =500,744,323  P  =500,986,289  P  =-  P  =-  P  =500,986,289  Bills payable and SSURA  3,367,757  3,301,155  3,301,155  -  -  Notes and bonds payable  28,721,313  29,774,531  -  -  29,774,531  LTNCD  24,728,573  25,224,883  -  -  25,224,883  P  =557,561,966  P =559,286,858  P  =3,301,155  P  =-  P  =555,985,703   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

When fair values of listed equity and debt securities, as well as publicly traded derivatives at the reporting date are based on quoted market prices or binding dealer price quotations, without any adjustments for transaction costs, the instruments are included within Level 1 of the hierarchy.

<!-- image -->

For all other financial instruments, fair value is determined using valuation techniques.  Valuation techniques include net present value techniques, comparison to similar instruments for which market observable prices exist and other revaluation models, the instruments are included in Level 2. Instruments included in Level 3 include those for which there is currently no active market.

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements, and no transfers into and out of Level 3 fair value measurements.

The methods and assumptions used by the Group in estimating the fair value of its financial instruments are:

COCI, due from BSP and other banks and interbank loans receivable and SPURA with the BSP The carrying amounts approximate fair values considering that these accounts consist mostly of overnight deposits and floating rate placements.

## Debt securities

Fair values are generally based upon quoted market prices, if available.  If the market prices are not readily available, fair values are estimated using either values obtained from independent parties offering pricing services or adjusted quoted market prices of comparable investments or using the discounted cash flow methodology.

## Equity securities

Fair values of quoted equity securities are based on quoted market prices. Fair values of unquoted equity securities are derived based on the adjusted net asset value method.

Receivable from customers and sales contracts receivable (included under 'Other receivables') Fair values of loans and receivables are estimated using the discounted cash flow methodology, using the Group's current incremental lending rates for similar types of loans and receivables.

Other receivables - Accounts receivable and accrued interest receivable Carrying amounts approximate fair values given their short-term nature.

## Investment properties

Fair value of investment properties are determined by independent or in-house appraisers using the market data approach.  Valuations were derived on the basis of recent sales of similar properties in the same area as the investment properties and taking into account the economic conditions prevailing at the time the valuations were made and comparability of similar properties sold with the property being valued.  Significant unobservable inputs in determining fair values include the following:

| Location  Location of comparative properties whether on a main road, or secondary road.  Road width could also be a consideration if data is available.  As a rule, properties located along a main road are superior to properties located along a secondary road.  - Size  Size of lot in terms of area.  Evaluate if the lot size of property or comparable conforms to the average cut of the lots in the area and estimate the impact of the lot size differences on land value.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| - Time element  An adjustment for market conditions is made if general property values have appreciated or depreciated since the transaction dates due to inflation or deflation or a change in investor's perceptions of the market over time, in which case, the current data is superior to historic data.  ## Discount  Generally, asking prices in advertisements posted for sale are negotiable. Discount is the amount the seller or developer is willing to deduct from the posted selling price if the transaction will be in cash or equivalent.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other financial assets

The carrying amounts approximate fair values due to their short-term nature.

## Derivative instruments

Derivative products are valued using valuation techniques using market observable inputs including foreign exchange rates and interest rate curves prevailing at the statements of financial position date. For interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps and foreign exchange contracts, discounted cash flow model is applied.  This valuation model discounts each cash flow of the derivatives at a rate that is dependent on the tenor of the cash flow.

## Deposit liabilities (demand and savings deposits excluding long-term  deposits)

The carrying amounts approximate fair values considering that these are due and demandable.

## Long-term negotiable certificates of deposit (LTNCD) and subordinated note

Fair values of LTNCD and subordinated note are estimated using adjusted quoted market prices of comparable investments.  The adjustments on market quoted prices are unobservable inputs.

## Other financial liabilities

For accrued interest and other expenses and other financial liabilities, the carrying amounts approximate fair values due to their short-term nature.

The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities is credit-adjusted rates for similar types of financial instruments.  Significant increases (decreases) in the credit-adjusted rates would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement.

## Derivative Financial Instruments

The following tables set out the information about the Group's and the Parent Company's derivative financial instruments and the related fair values:

| 2022  2021  Notional  Amounts  Derivative  Asset  (Note 10)  Derivative  Liability  (Note 20)  Notional  Amounts  Derivative  Asset  (Note 10)  Derivative  Liability  (Note 20)  Forward exchange bought  USD1,319,707  P =812,671  817,713  USD968,485  P  =854,814  P  =887  Forward exchange sold  USD940,797  833,632  309,017  USD1,172,176  3,659  1,173,412  Interest rate swaps  P =45,384,654  710,772  622,754  P  =53,883,809  211,725  110,983  Bonds Forward  USD80,200  2,472  3,334  -  -  -  Warrants  USD250,258  -  -  USD250,258  -  -  Cross-currency swaps  USD 9,853  304,835  -  USD45,878  161,488  104  Interest rate futures  -  -  -  USD30,000  3,159  -  FX options  -  -  -  USD10,000  5,470  -  P =2,664,382  P =1,752,818  P =1,240,315  P  =1,285,386   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The movements in the Group's and the Parent Company's derivative financial instruments follow:

| 2022  2021  Derivative Assets (Note 10)  Balance at beginning of year  P =1,240,315  P  =1,531,134  Fair value changes during the year  1,159,083  1,283,209  Additions (settled) transactions  264,984  (1,574,028)  Balance at end of year  P =2,664,382  P  =1,240,315  Derivative Liabilities (Note 20)  Balance at beginning of year  P =1,285,386  P  =1,098,381  Fair value changes during the year  (99,982)  1,604,715  Additions (settled) transactions  567,414  (1,417,710)  Balance at end of year  P =1,752,818  P  =1,285,386   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fair value changes of derivatives other than forward contracts amounting to P =0.4 billion gain and P =0.1 billion gain in 2022 and 2021, respectively, are recognized as 'Trading and securities gain (loss) - net ' in the statements of income (see Note 9), while fair value changes on forward contracts amounting to P =0.8 billion gain in 2022 and P =0.5 billion loss in 2021 are recognized as 'Foreign exchange gain - net' in the statements of income.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Parent Company has positions in the following types of derivatives:

## Forwards

Forward contracts are contractual agreements to buy or sell a specified instrument at a specific price and date in the future.  Forwards are customized contracts transacted in the over-the-counter market.

## Swaps

Swaps are contractual agreements between two parties to exchange streams of payments over time based on specified notional amounts, in relation to movements in a specified underlying index such as interest rate, foreign currency rate or equity index.

Interest rate swaps relate to contracts taken out by the Parent Company with other financial institutions in which the Parent Company either receives or pays a floating rate in return for paying or receiving, respectively, a fixed rate of interest.  The payment flows are usually netted against each other, with the difference being paid by one party to the other.

In a currency swap, the Parent Company pays a specified amount in one currency and receives a specified amount in another currency.  Currency swaps are mostly gross-settled.

## Interest rate futures

Futures contract is a contractual agreement made on a futures exchange to buy or sell particular assets at a predetermined price in the future.  Futures contracts standardize the quality and quantity of the underlying asset.

## Derivative financial instruments held or issued for trading purposes

The Parent Company's derivative trading activities relate to deals with customers which are normally laid off with counterparties.  The Parent Company may also take positions with the expectation of generating profit from favorable movements in prices and rates on indices.  Also included under this heading are any derivatives which do not meet hedge accounting requirements.

<!-- image -->

## Derivative financial instruments held or issued for hedging purposes

As part of its asset and liability management, the Parent Company used derivatives for hedging purposes in order to reduce its exposure to market risks that is achieved by hedging portfolios of fixed rate financial instruments.

The accounting treatment explained in Note 2 to the financial statements, Hedge Accounting , varies according to the nature of the item hedged and compliance with the hedge criteria.  Hedges entered into by the Parent Company which provide economic hedges but do not meet the hedge accounting criteria are treated as Derivatives Held or Issued for Trading Purposes.

## Fair value hedges

Fair value hedges are used by the Parent Company to protect its portfolio against changes in fair value of financial assets due to movements in interest rates.  The financial instruments hedged for interest rate risk represents receivables from customers.  The Parent Company uses interest rate swaps to hedge against identified interest rate risks (see Note 11).

## 7. Due from Other Banks

This account consists of:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Foreign banks  P  =18,218,076  P  =10,509,499  P  =18,218,076  P  =10,509,499  Local banks  1,880,437  2,618,037  1,816,349  2,491,931  20,098,513  13,127,536  20,034,425  13,001,430  Allowance for credit losses  Balance at beginning of year  1,323  4,235  1,165  2,106  Recovery of credit losses (Note 14)  (159)  (3,358)  (212)  (993)  Foreign exchange adjustment  58  446  95  52  1,222  1,323  1,048  1,165  P  =20,097,291  P  =13,126,213  P  =20,033,377  P  =13,000,265   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022 and 2021, due from other banks were carried at stage 1 and there were no transfers into and out of stage 1.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, peso-denominated due from other banks bear nominal annual interest rates ranging from 0.05% to 0.45%, while foreign currency-denominated due from other banks bear nominal annual interest rates ranging from 0.03% to 0.13%.  For the year ended December 31, 2021, peso-denominated due from other banks bear nominal annual interest rates ranging from 0.05% to 0.43%, while foreign currency-denominated due from other banks bear nominal annual interest rates ranging from 0.03% to 0.13%.

Total interest income on 'Due from other banks' earned by the Group amounted to P =16.5 million, P =5.8 million and P =39.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, while total interest income on 'Due from other banks' earned by the Parent Company amounted to P =16.5 million, P =3.5 million and P =35.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, included in 'Interest income on deposits with banks and others' in the statements of income.

<!-- image -->

## 8. Interest Income on Financial Investments

This account consists of interest income on:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Investment securities at amortized  cost (Note 13)  P =2,047,909  P  =1,217,012  P  =2,813,180  P =2,047,909  P  =1,217,012  P  =2,813,180  Financial assets at FVTOCI (Note 12)  3,800,320  2,029,679  745,511  3,800,320  2,029,679  745,511  5,848,229  3,246,691  3,558,691  5,848,229  3,246,691  3,558,691  Financial assets at FVTPL (Note 10):  Derivatives  453,043  435,180  478,770  453,043  435,180  478,770  Held-for-trading  306,545  227,687  1,824,521  306,545  227,622  1,824,521  759,588  662,867  2,303,291  759,588  662,802  2,303,291  P =6,607,817  P  =3,909,558  P  =5,861,982  P =6,607,817  P  =3,909,493  P  =5,861,982   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Ranges of annual fixed interest on financial investments follow:

| 2022  2021  2020  Peso-denominated  HFT investments  2.38% to 13.00%  2.38%-9.38%  2.38%-15.00%  Investment securities at  amortized cost  3.25% to 8.63%  3.44%-6.88%  3.50%-8.13%  Debt financial assets at FVTOCI  2.38% to 6.88%  2.38%-6.88%  2.38%-8.75%  Foreign currency-denominated  HFT investments  1.38% to 9.50%  2.13%-9.50%  0.88%-9.50%  Investment securities at  amortized cost  1.00% to 7.39%  2.13%-4.13%  2.85%-9.50%  Debt financial assets at FVTOCI  0.13% to 10.63%  0.13%-10.63%  1.65%-9.50%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. Trading and Securities Gain

Net gains (losses) from trading/disposal of investment securities and derivatives follow:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Financial assets at FVTOCI (Note 12)  P =-  P  =1,233,901  P  =967,143  P =-  P  =1,233,901  P  =967,143  Financial assets at FVTPL:  Held-for-trading investments (Note 10)  (44,728)  (271,579)  10,145,601  (44,790)  (273,225)  10,138,768  Derivatives (Note 6)  18,857  129,406  (8,166)  18,857  129,406  (8,166)  (25,871)  (P  =142,173)  P  =10,137,435  (25,933)  (P  =143,819) P  =10,130,602  (P  =25,871)  P  =1,091,728  P  =11,104,578  (P  =25,933)  P  =1,090,082  P  =11,097,745   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 10. Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss

This account consists of:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Held-for-trading:  Government securities  P  =4,804,041  P  =5,655,787  P  =4,804,041  P  =5,655,787  Private bonds  98,124  26,330  98,124  26,330  Equity securities  25  24  -  -  4,902,190  5,682,141  4,902,165  5,682,117  Derivative assets (Note 6):  Currency forwards  1,646,303  858,473  1,646,303  858,473  Interest rate swaps  710,772  211,725  710,772  211,725  Cross-currency swaps  304,835  161,488  304,835  161,488  Bonds forwards and options  2,472  5,470  2,472  5,470  Interest rate futures  -  3,159  -  3,159  2,664,382  1,240,315  2,664,382  1,240,315  P  =7,566,572  P  =6,922,456  P  =7,566,547  P  =6,922,432   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 'Financial assets at FVTPL' include net unrealized loss of P =125.5 million and unrealized gain of  P =262.9 million, respectively, for the Group and the Parent Company.

Fair value gains or losses on financial assets at FVTPL (other than currency forwards) are included in 'Trading and securities gain (loss) - net ' (see Note 9) in the statements of income.  Fair value gains or losses on currency forwards are included in 'Foreign exchange gain - net' in the statements of income (see Note 6).

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, certain government securities were pledged with foreign banks as collateral for SSURA (see Note 21).

## 11. Derivatives Designated as Hedges

In 2020, as a result of the Group's change in business model for government securities under the investment securities at amortized cost portfolio, the Group discontinued the hedging relationship for certain derivatives on April 01, 2020.  The cumulative changes in fair value attributable to the interest rate risk on the HTC financial assets on the date of the discontinuation of the hedge accounting amounting to P =151.0 million was included in the carrying value of the reclassified securities.  The Group also terminated the related interest rate swap agreements used as hedging instruments in the hedge relationship in 2020.

For the years ended December 31, 2020, net interest expense on derivative liabilities designated as hedges amounted to P =550.3 million.

<!-- image -->

## 12. Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income

This account consists of:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Debt instruments  Treasury bonds (Note 21)  P  =55,759,876  P  =35,567,565  P  =55,759,876  P  =35,567,565  Treasury notes and bills  52,666,184  40,538,225  52,666,184  40,538,225  Private bonds  4,050,963  4,234,304  4,050,963  4,234,304  112,477,023  80,340,094  112,477,023  80,340,094  Equity instruments  Golf and club shares  374,679  290,794  374,679  283,443  PSE shares  39,791  38,333  -  -  414,470  329,127  374,679  283,443  P  =112,891,493  P  =80,669,221  P  =112,851,702  P  =80,623,537   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An analysis of changes in the fair value of debt instruments and the corresponding ECL allowances follow:

| 2022  2021  Fair value at beginning of year  P =80,340,094  P  =68,480,433  New assets originated or purchased  38,324,041  136,090,566  Disposals or maturities  (3,943,430)  (123,530,076)  Change in fair value  (7,238,472)  (4,091,585)  Foreign exchange adjustments  4,994,790  3,390,756  P =112,477,023  P  =80,340,094  ECL allowance at beginning of year  P =3,927  P  =16,567  Recovery of credit losses (Note 14)  (3,877)  (16,787)  Foreign exchange and other adjustments  322  4,147  P =372  P  =3,927   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022 and 2021, debt instruments at FVTOCI were carried at Stage 1 and there were no transfers into and out of Stage 1.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Peso-denominated debt financial assets at FVTOCI amounted to P =90.8 billion and P =57.6 billion, respectively.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, USD-denominated debt financial assets at FVTOCI amounted to P =21.7 billion and P =22.7 billion, respectively.

As of December 31, 2022, certain treasury bond securities were pledged with foreign banks as collateral for SSURA (see Note 21).

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, government securities included under 'Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income' with a total face value amounted to P =1.0 billion and P =845.0 million, respectively, were deposited with the BSP in compliance with the requirements of the General Banking Law relative to the Parent Company's trust functions (see Note 27).

<!-- image -->

PSE shares were obtained by SBEI in 2001 as a result of the demutualization of its membership shares in the stock exchange.  These investments were for long-term strategic purpose.  SBEI designated these equity securities as financial assets at FVTOCI as management believes that this provides a more meaningful presentation for medium or long-term strategic investments, rather than reflecting changes in fair value immediately in the statements of income.  The Group also adopted the same classification for its investments in golf and club shares.

The movements in 'Net unrealized gain (losses) on financial assets at FVTOCI' follow:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Balance at beginning of year  (P  =2,035,059)  P  =2,028,620  (P  =2,043,212)  P  =2,022,372  Unrealized losses for the year  (7,183,298)  (4,071,809)  (7,183,298)  (4,073,714)  Amount realized in profit or loss  (3,877)  8,130  (3,877)  8,130  Balance at end of year  (P  =9,222,234)  (P  =2,035,059)  (P  =9,230,387)  (P  =2,043,212)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13. Investment Securities at Amortized Cost

This account consists of investments by the Parent Company in:

| 2022  2021  Private bonds  P =57,241,929  P  =21,904,006  Treasury bonds  9,308,398  -  Treasury notes and bills  2,697,158  -  69,247,485  21,904,006  Allowance for credit losses  17,525  67,399  P =69,229,960  P  =21,836,607   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In March 2020, the Finance Committee, ROC and the BOD of the Parent Company approved the change in the business model over its government securities lodged under a HTC business model to a trading portfolio and to fair value through other comprehensive income for government securities held under trust duties.  This is in line with the Parent Company's plan to shift its focus towards a more fee-based and client-driven income along with the impact of expected changes in tax regulations on its revenue stream and the impact of EVE in relation to its exposure of holding long-term government securities.

In line with the change in business model, the Parent Company disposed certain USD-denominated and Peso-denominated government securities classified as HTC securities with a carrying amount of USD489.1 million (P =24.8 billion) and P =8.3 billion, respectively, during the first quarter of 2020 and resulted in gains of USD97.9 million (P =4.96 billion) and P =118.9 million, respectively, gross of the fair value change in hedging instrument and hedged item amounting to a loss of P =2.8 billion, recorded in the statement of income under 'Gain on disposal of investment securities at amortized cost'.

On April 1, 2020 the Group reclassified USD-denominated and Peso-denominated HTC securities with a carrying amount of USD2.6 billion and P =13.8 billion, respectively, to the 'Financial assets at FVTPL' category and P =596.1 million Peso-denominated HTC securities  under 'Financial assets at FVTOCI'.  The reclassification resulted in a trading gain of P =7.9 billion for the securities reclassified to 'Financial assets at FVTPL' and 'Net unrealized gain on financial assets at FVTOCI' recognized in 'Other comprehensive income' of  P =0.9 million for securities reclassified to 'Financial assets at FVTOCI'  for the year ended December 31, 2020 (see Notes 10 and 11).

<!-- image -->

On May 11, 2022, the Parent Company participated on an issuer-initiated mandatory early redemption of PHP-denominated corporate bond with face value of P =514.5 million.  Total amount of redemptions during the year amounted to P =2.1 billion resulting to a gain amounting to P =4.1 million.

On November 30, 2021 and December 9, 2021, the Parent Company participated on an issuerinitiated mandatory early redemption of USD-denominated corporate bond with face value of USD20.0 million and PHP-denominated corporate bond with face value of P =5.0 billion, respectively. Total amount of redemptions during the year amounted to P =6.1 billion resulting to a gain amounting to P =66.0 million.

On June 28, 2022, the Finance Committee and the BOD of the Parent Company approved a change in business model involving the reestablishment of the HTC business model for government securities. Various factors challenged the Parent Company's ability to execute its strategy of shifting towards more fee-based and client-driven income given a reduction in loan demand and an increase in the deterioration of the credit quality of existing loans as a direct result of the global pandemic.  The Ukraine-Russia war also triggered significant market volatility which curtailed the Parent Company's ability to deploy its investible funds to government securities under the old business model.  The HTC business model for government securities was established to help the Parent Company achieve its desired balance sheet structure by means of medium to long-term gap management while lowering overall portfolio credit risk (see Note 3).

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, certain private bonds were pledged with foreign banks as collateral for SSURA (see Note 21).

An analysis of changes in the gross carrying amount and the corresponding ECLs is, as follows:

| 2022  2021  Gross carrying amount at beginning of year  P =21,904,006  P  =23,560,650  New assets originated or purchased  49,930,744  7,193,788  Assets derecognized or redeemed  (3,008,085)  (8,979,132)  Amortized premium/discount  67,167  69,180  Foreign exchange adjustments  353,653  59,520  P =69,247,485  P  =21,904,006  Allowance for credit losses  ECL allowance at beginning of year  P =67,399  P  =168,393  Recovery of credit losses (Note 14)  (49,407)  (105,113)  Foreign exchange and other adjustment  (467)  4,119  P =17,525  P  =67,399   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022 and 2021, investment securities at amortized cost were carried at stage 1 and there were no transfers into and out of Stage 1.

<!-- image -->

## 14. Loans and Receivables

This account consists of:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Receivable from customers:  Corporate lending  P  =388,777,469  P  =352,294,439  P  =389,226,927  P  =352,847,512  Consumer lending  53,639,312  50,338,711  53,358,357  50,140,715  Residential mortgages  71,311,776  58,626,960  71,311,776  58,626,960  Small business lending  718,225  1,217,743  718,225  1,217,743  514,446,782  462,477,853  514,615,285  462,832,930  Less unearned discounts and deferred  credits  1,875,319  1,070,864  1,875,319  1,070,864  512,571,463  461,406,989  512,739,966  461,762,066  Accrued interest receivable (Note 32)  5,458,069  4,421,621  5,460,756  4,422,781  Accounts receivable (Note 32)  952,001  877,960  415,462  457,360  Sales contracts receivable  114,154  68,300  114,154  68,300  519,095,687  466,774,870  518,730,338  466,710,507  Less allowance for credit losses  16,478,253  18,190,956  16,444,913  18,164,165  P  =502,617,434  P  =448,583,914  P  =502,285,425  P  =448,546,342   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An analysis of changes in the gross carrying amount and the corresponding ECL allowances in relation to corporate lending follow:

| Consolidated  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at  January 1, 2022  P  =270,213,272  P  =69,525,274  P  =12,555,893  P  =352,294,439  New assets originated or purchased  598,116,516  -  -  598,116,516  Assets derecognized or repaid  (excluding write offs)  (504,386,512)  (52,788,439)  (4,356,201)  (561,531,152)  Transfers to Stage 1  4,409,375  (4,409,375)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (46,599,721)  46,599,721  -  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (1,393,828)  (2,214,220)  3,608,048  -  Amounts written off  -  -  (102,334)  (102,334)  P  =320,359,102  P  =56,712,961  P  =11,705,406  P  =388,777,469  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2022  P  =968,490  P  =1,010,598  P  =9,564,430  P  =11,543,518  Provision for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  124,074  -  -  124,074  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  1,092,561  1,014,392  2,106,953  Transfers to Stage 1  8,430  (8,430)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (82,463)  82,463  -  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (11,201)  (1,582,841)  1,594,042  -  Other movements*  (264,100)  1,531,165  (2,046,535)  (779,470)  (225,260)  1,114,918  561,899  1,451,557  Amounts written off  -  -  (41,807)  (41,807)  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  (998,666)  (998,666)  P  =743,230  P  =2,125,516  P  =9,085,856  P  =11,954,602   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

<!-- image -->

| Consolidated  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at  January 1, 2021  P  =279,802,615  P  =48,054,302  P  =6,457,357  P  =334,314,274  New assets originated or purchased  530,155,264  -  -  530,155,264  Assets derecognized or repaid  (excluding write offs)  (484,241,216)  (26,918,733)  (998,690)  (512,158,639)  Transfers to Stage 1  9,301,863  (9,301,863)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (62,635,417)  62,758,415  (122,998)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (2,169,837)  (5,066,847)  7,236,684  -  Amounts written off  -  -  (16,460)  (16,460)  P  =270,213,272  P  =69,525,274  P  =12,555,893  P  =352,294,439  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2021  P  =1,106,648  P  =1,742,671  P  =4,586,574  P  =7,435,893  Provision for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  224,186  -  -  224,186  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  462,670  1,092,624  1,555,294  Transfers to Stage 1  98,940  (98,940)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (338,952)  344,122  (5,170)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (610,127)  (3,779,786)  4,389,913  -  Other movements*  487,795  2,339,861  (499,151)  2,328,505  (138,158)  (732,073)  4,978,216  4,107,985  Amounts written off  -  -  (16,460)  (16,460)  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  16,100  16,100  P  =968,490  P  =1,010,598  P  =9,564,430  P  =11,543,518   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

| Parent Company  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at  January 1, 2022  P  =270,766,345  P  =69,525,274  P  =12,555,893  P  =352,847,512  New assets originated or purchased  566,057,197  -  -  566,057,197  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (472,429,697)  (52,789,550)  (4,356,201)  (529,575,448)  Transfers to Stage 1  4,408,264  (4,408,264)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (46,598,755)  46,598,755  -  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (1,393,828)  (2,214,220)  3,608,048  -  Amounts written off  -  -  (102,334)  (102,334)  P  =320,809,526  P  =56,711,995  P  =11,705,406  P  =389,226,927  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2022  P  =968,490  P  =1,010,591  P  =9,564,430  P  =11,543,511  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  124,074  -  -  124,074  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  1,092,559  1,014,393  2,106,952  Transfers to Stage 1  8,430  (8,430)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (82,463)  82,463  -  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (11,201)  (1,582,841)  1,594,042  -  Other movements*  (264,100)  1,531,165  (2,046,536)  (779,471)  (225,260)  1,114,916  561,899  1,451,555  Amounts written off  -  -  (41,807)  (41,807)  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  (998,666)  (998,666)  P  =743,230  P  = 2,125,507  P  =9,085,856  P  =11,954,593   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at  January 1, 2021  P  =280,775,227  P  =48,054,301  P  =6,457,357  P  =335,286,885  New assets originated or purchased  445,572,686  -  -  445,572,686  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (400,078,177)  (26,918,732)  (998,690)  (427,995,599)  Transfers to Stage 1  9,301,863  (9,301,863)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (62,635,417)  62,758,415  (122,998)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (2,169,837)  (5,066,847)  7,236,684  -  Amounts written off  -  -  (16,460)  (16,460)  P  =270,766,345  P  =69,525,274  P  =12,555,893  P  =352,847,512  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2021  P  =1,106,599  P  =1,742,671  P  =4,587,204  P  =7,436,474  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  224,187  -  -  224,187  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  462,670  1,092,624  1,555,294  Transfers to Stage 1  98,940  (98,940)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (338,945)  344,115  (5,170)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (610,128)  (3,779,786)  4,389,914  -  Other movements*  487,837  2,339,861  (499,781)  2,327,917  (138,109)  (732,080)  4,977,587  4,107,398  Amounts written off  -  -  (16,460)  (16,460)  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  16,099  16,099  P  =968,490  P  =1,010,591  P  =9,564,430  P  =11,543,511   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

An analysis of changes in the gross carrying amount and the corresponding ECL allowances in relation to consumer lending follow:

| Consolidated  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at  January 1, 2022  P  =42,501,203  P  =3,851,214  P  =3,986,294  P  =50,338,711  New assets originated or purchased  82,467,054  -  -  82,467,054  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (73,613,736)  (1,102,788)  (1,271,326)  (75,987,850)  Transfers to Stage 1  1,018,478  (804,882)  (213,596)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (2,659,100)  2,717,674  (58,574)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (2,095,874)  (1,144,859)  3,240,733  -  Amounts written off  -  -  (3,178,603)  (3,178,603)  P  =47,618,025  P  =3,516,359  P  =2,504,928  P  =53,639,312  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2022  P  =1,960,090  P  =929,656  P  =2,026,943  P  =4,916,689  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  348,535  -  -  348,535  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  53,928  87,308  141,236  Transfers to Stage 1  345,126  (329,419)  (15,707)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (203,322)  206,488  (3,166)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (109,379)  (675,222)  784,601  -  Other movements*  (1,188,087)  296,717  2,036,470  1,145,100  (807,127)  (447,508)  2,889,506  1,634,871  Amounts written off  -  -  (3,178,603)  (3,178,603)  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  (275,477)  (275,477)  P  =1,152,963  P  = 482,148  P  = 1,462,369  P  = 3,097,480   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

<!-- image -->

| Consolidated  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at  January 1, 2021  P  =53,418,532  P  =4,073,807  P  =7,922,169  P  =65,414,508  New assets originated or purchased  155,482,024  -  -  155,482,024  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (161,240,460)  (716,316)  (2,745,201)  (164,701,977)  Transfers to Stage 1  2,228,304  (1,307,152)  (921,152)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (2,648,562)  3,025,266  (376,704)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (4,738,635)  (1,224,391)  5,963,026  -  Amounts written off  -  -  (5,855,844)  (5,855,844)  P  =42,501,203  P  =3,851,214  P  =3,986,294  P  =50,338,711  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2021  P  =3,671,426  P  =1,251,337  P  =7,079,999  P  =12,002,762  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  191,296  -  -  191,296  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  39,716  108,709  148,425  Transfers to Stage 1  1,218,310  (562,110)  (656,200)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (151,581)  351,847  (200,266)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (286,294)  (318,599)  604,893  -  Other movements*  (2,683,067)  167,465  3,138,594  622,992  (1,711,336)  (321,681)  2,995,730  962,713  Amounts written off  -  -  (5,855,844)  (5,855,844)  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  (2,192,942)  (2,192,942)  P  =1,960,090  P  =929,656  P  =2,026,943  P  =4,916,689   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

| Parent Company  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at January 1, 2022  P  =42,303,290  P  =3,851,214  P  =3,986,211  P  =50,140,715  New assets originated or purchased  74,901,696  -  -  74,901,696  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (66,094,558)  (1,139,648)  (1,271,245)  (68,505,451)  Transfers to Stage 1  1,013,624  (800,027)  (213,597)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (2,659,100)  2,717,674  (58,574)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (2,095,874)  (1,144,859)  3,240,733  -  Amounts written off  -  -  (3,178,603)  (3,178,603)  P  =47,369,078  P  =3,484,354  P  =2,504,925  P  =53,358,357  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2022  P  =1,957,990  P  =929,573  P  =2,026,868  P  =4,914,431  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  348,534  -  -  348,534  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  53,927  87,308  141,235  Transfers to Stage 1  345,126  (329,418)  (15,708)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (203,322)  206,488  (3,166)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (109,379)  (675,222)  784,601  -  Other movements*  (1,187,044)  296,757  2,036,473  1,146,186  (806,085)  (447,468)  2,889,508  1,635,955  Amounts written off  -  -  (3,178,603)  (3,178,603)  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  (275,475)  (275,475)  P  =1,151,905  P  =482,105  P  =1,462,298  P  =3,096,308   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at January 1, 2021  P  =49,485,040  P  =5,729,173  P  =9,619,571  P  =64,833,784  New assets originated or purchased  144,014,206  -  -  144,014,206  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (146,037,063)  (2,371,682)  (4,442,686)  (152,851,431)  Transfers to Stage 1  2,228,304  (1,307,152)  (921,152)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (2,648,562)  3,025,266  (376,704)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (4,738,635)  (1,224,391)  5,963,026  -  Amounts written off  -  -  (5,855,844)  (5,855,844)  42,303,290  3,851,214  3,986,211  P  =50,140,715  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2021  P  =3,670,680  P  =1,251,377  P  =7,080,000  P  =12,002,057  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  191,009  -  -  191,009  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  39,716  108,709  148,425  Transfers to Stage 1  1,218,310  (562,110)  (656,200)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (151,498)  351,764  (200,266)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (286,294)  (318,599)  604,893  -  Other movements*  (2,684,217)  167,425  3,138,518  621,726  (1,712,690)  (321,804)  2,995,654  961,160  Amounts written off  -  -  (5,855,844)  (5,855,844)  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  (2,192,942)  (2,192,942)  P  =1,957,990  P  =929,573  P  =2,026,868  P  =4,914,431   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

An analysis of changes in the gross carrying amount and the corresponding ECL allowances in relation to residential mortgages lending follow:

| Consolidated  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at  January 1, 2022  P  =54,175,501  P  =1,217,201  P  =3,234,258  P  =58,626,960  New assets originated or purchased  24,040,628  -  -  24,040,628  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (9,815,403)  (259,843)  (1,280,566)  (11,355,812)  Transfers to Stage 1  1,265,013  (587,059)  (677,954)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (1,040,232)  1,097,117  (56,885)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (382,827)  (168,164)  550,991  -  P  =68,242,680  P  =1,299,252  P  =1,769,844  P  =71,311,776  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2022  P  =492,974  P  =53,086  P  =653,440  P  =1,199,500  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  51,102  -  -  51,102  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  2,997  6,074  9,071  Transfers to Stage 1  40,267  (19,540)  (20,727)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (33,246)  36,660  (3,414)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (49,743)  (32,325)  82,068  -  Other movements*  38,122  13,827  (101,277)  (49,328)  46,502  1,619  (37,276)  10,845  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  (210,568)  (210,568)  P  =539,476  P  = 54,705  P  =405,596  P  =999,777   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

<!-- image -->

| Consolidated  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at  January 1, 2021  P  =49,233,849  P  =2,134,102  P  =3,835,280  P  =55,203,231  New assets originated or purchased  12,490,849  -  -  12,490,849  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (8,102,369)  (320,162)  (644,589)  (9,067,120)  Transfers to Stage 1  1,995,247  (1,190,885)  (804,362)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (754,076)  994,089  (240,013)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (687,999)  (399,943)  1,087,942  -  P  =54,175,501  P  =1,217,201  P  =3,234,258  P  =58,626,960  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2021  P  =1,212,850  P  =60,920  P  =177,971  P  =1,451,741  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  28,479  -  -  28,479  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  7,117  39,350  46,467  Transfers to Stage 1  31,336  (18,055)  (13,281)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (22,232)  34,529  (12,297)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (75,056)  (70,385)  145,441  -  Other movements*  (682,403)  38,960  400,924  (242,519)  (719,876)  (7,834)  560,137  (167,573)  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  (84,668)  (84,668)  P  =492,974  P  =53,086  P  =653,440  P  =1,199,500   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

| Parent Company  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at  January 1, 2022  P  =54,175,501  P  =1,217,201  P  =3,234,258  P  =58,626,960  New assets originated or purchased  24,040,628  -  -  24,040,628  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (9,815,403)  (259,843)  (1,280,566)  (11,355,812)  Transfers to Stage 1  1,265,013  (587,059)  (677,954)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (1,040,232)  1,097,117  (56,885)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (382,827)  (168,164)  550,991  -  P  =68,242,680  P  =1,299,252  P  =1,769,844  P  =71,311,776  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2022  P  =492,974  P  =53,086  P  =653,440  P  =1,199,500  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage  1 at yearend  51,102  -  -  51,102  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage  2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  2,997  6,074  9,071  Transfers to Stage 1  40,267  (19,540)  (20,727)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (33,246)  36,660  (3,414)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (49,743)  (32,325)  82,068  -  Other movements*  38,122  13,827  (101,277)  (49,328)  46,501  1,619  (37,275)  10,845  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  (210,568)  (210,568)  P  =539,475  P  =54,705  P  =405,597  P  =999,777   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at  January 1, 2021  P  =49,233,849  P  =2,134,102  P  =3,835,280  P  =55,203,231  New assets originated or purchased  12,490,849  -  -  12,490,849  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (8,102,369)  (320,162)  (644,589)  (9,067,120)  Transfers to Stage 1  1,995,247  (1,190,885)  (804,362)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (754,076)  994,089  (240,013)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (687,999)  (399,943)  1,087,942  -  P  =54,175,501  P  =1,217,201  P  =3,234,258  P  =58,626,960  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2021  P  =1,212,850  P  =60,920  P  =177,971  P  =1,451,741  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in Stage  1 at yearend  28,479  -  -  28,479  Newly originated assets which moved to Stage 2  and Stage 3 at yearend  -  7,117  39,350  46,467  Transfers to Stage 1  31,336  (18,055)  (13,281)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (22,232)  34,529  (12,297)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (75,056)  (70,385)  145,441  -  Other movements*  (682,403)  38,960  400,924  (242,519)  (719,876)  (7,834)  560,137  (167,573)  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  (84,668)  (84,668)  P  =492,974  P  =53,086  P  =653,440  P  =1,199,500   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

An analysis of changes in the gross carrying amount and the corresponding ECL allowances in relation to small business lending follow:

| Consolidated  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at January 1, 2022  P  =1,012,088  P  =156,062  P  =49,593  P  =1,217,743  New assets originated or purchased  278,012  -  -  278,012  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (649,981)  (140,908)  13,359  (777,530)  Transfers to Stage 1  6,350  (6,350)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (27,616)  27,616  -  -  Transfers to Stage 3  P  =618,853  P  =36,420  P  =62,952  P  =718,225  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2022  P  =1,607  P  =1,723  P  =36,348  P  =39,678  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  79  -  -  79  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  11  26,012  26,023  Transfers to Stage 1  3  (3)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  -  -  -  -  Transfers to Stage 3  -  -  -  -  Other movements*  (1,546)  (1,701)  (14,283)  (17,530)  (1,464)  (1,693)  11,729  8,572  P  =143  P = 30  P  =48,077  P  = 48,250   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

<!-- image -->

| Consolidated  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at January 1, 2021  P  =821,025  P  =70,042  P  =29,436  P  =920,503  New assets originated or purchased  2,290,885  -  -  2,290,885  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (1,967,339)  (26,019)  (287)  (1,993,645)  Transfers to Stage 1  5,600  (5,600)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (102,408)  117,639  (15,231)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (35,675)  -  35,675  -  P  =1,012,088  P  =156,062  P  =49,593  P  =1,217,743  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2021  P  =1,676  P  =922  P  =13,245  P  =15,843  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  756  -  -  756  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  431  9,947  10,378  Transfers to Stage 1  50  (50)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (173)  758  (585)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (1,294)  -  1,294  -  Other movements*  592  (338)  12,447  12,701  (69)  801  23,103  23,835  P  =1,607  P  =1,723  P  =36,348  P  =39,678   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

| Parent Company  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at January 1, 2022  P  =1,012,088  P  =156,062  P  =49,593  P  =1,217,743  New assets originated or purchased  278,012  -  -  278,012  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (649,981)  (140,908)  13,359  (777,530)  Transfers to Stage 1  6,350  (6,350)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (27,616)  27,616  -  -  Transfers to Stage 3  -  -  -  -  P  =618,853  P  =36,420  P  =62,952  P  =718,225  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2022  P  =1,607  P  =1,723  P  =36,348  P  =39,678  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  79  -  -  79  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  11  26,012  26,023  Transfers to Stage 1  3  (3)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  -  -  -  -  Transfers to Stage 3  -  -  -  -  Other movements*  (1,546)  (1,701)  (14,283)  (17,530)  (1,464)  (1,693)  11,729  8,572  P  =143  P  =30  P  =48,077  P  =48,250   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at January 1, 2021  P  =821,025  P  =70,042  P  =29,436  P  =920,503  New assets originated or purchased  2,290,885  -  -  2,290,885  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (1,967,339)  (26,019)  (287)  (1,993,645)  Transfers to Stage 1  5,600  (5,600)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (102,408)  117,639  (15,231)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (35,675)  -  35,675  -  P  =1,012,088  P  =156,062  P  =49,593  P  =1,217,743  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2021  P  =1,676  P  =922  P  =13,246  P  =15,844  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  756  -  -  756  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  431  9,947  10,378  Transfers to Stage 1  50  (50)  -  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (173)  758  (585)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (1,294)  -  1,294  -  Other movements*  592  (338)  12,446  12,700  (69)  801  23,102  23,834  P  =1,607  P  =1,723  P  =36,348  P  =39,678   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

An analysis of changes in the gross carrying amount and the corresponding ECL allowances in relation to other receivables (includes accrued interest receivable, sales contracts receivable and accounts receivable) follow:

| Consolidated  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at January 1, 2022  P  =4,252,570  P  =390,839  P  =724,472  P  =5,367,881  New assets originated or purchased  53,189,045  -  -  53,189,045  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (51,486,829)  (175,596)  (262,938)  (51,925,363)  Transfers to Stage 1  57,320  (43,870)  (13,450)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (504,945)  507,557  (2,612)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (184,398)  (102,209)  286,607  -  Amounts written off  -  -  (107,339)  (107,339)  P  =5,322,763  P  =576,721  P  =624,740  P  =6,524,224  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2022  P  =107,230  P  =21,526  P  =362,815  P  =491,571  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  5,164  -  -  5,164  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  14,912  53,604  68,516  Transfers to Stage 1  1,586  (969)  (617)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (17,988)  18,095  (107)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (14,174)  (24,057)  38,231  -  Other movements*  (50,374)  (3,177)  (16,205)  (69,756)  (75,786)  4,804  74,906  3,924  Amounts written off  -  -  (107,339)  (107,339)  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  (10,012)  (10,012)  P  =31,444  P  =26,330  P  =320,370  P  =378,144   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

<!-- image -->

| Consolidated  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at January 1, 2021  P  =4,391,501  P  =565,517  P  =841,347  P  =5,798,365  New assets originated or purchased  54,147,363  17,196  18,424  54,182,983  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (53,984,461)  (250,945)  (121,778)  (54,357,184)  Transfers to Stage 1  139,347  (108,777)  (30,570)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (326,853)  326,853  -  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (114,327)  (159,005)  273,332  -  Amounts written off  -  -  (256,283)  (256,283)  P  =4,252,570  P  =390,839  P  =724,472  P  =5,367,881  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2021  P  =141,543  P  =53,801  P  =534,531  P  =729,875  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  5,087  -  -  5,087  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  2,636  74,830  77,466  Transfers to Stage 1  8,046  (5,560)  (2,486)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (11,286)  13,543  (2,257)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (40,939)  (69,375)  110,314  -  Other movements*  4,779  26,481  75,943  107,203  (34,313)  (32,275)  256,344  189,756  Amounts written off  -  -  (256,283)  (256,283)  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  (171,777)  (171,777)  P  =107,230  P  =21,526  P  =362,815  P  =491,571   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

| Parent Company  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at  January 1, 2022  P  =3,895,968  P  =405,596  P  =646,877  P  =4,948,441  New assets originated or purchased  3,383,859  -  -  3,383,859  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (1,829,936)  (157,764)  (246,889)  (2,234,589)  Transfers to Stage 1  57,320  (43,870)  (13,450)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (501,404)  504,015  (2,611)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (157,851)  (102,209)  260,060  -  Amounts written off  -  -  (107,339)  (107,339)  P  =4,847,956  P  =605,768  P  =536,648  P  =5,990,372  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2022  P  =106,129  P  =18,800  P  =342,116  P  =467,045  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  4,742  -  -  4,742  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  -  14,903  50,793  65,696  Transfers to Stage 1  1,586  (969)  (617)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (17,988)  18,095  (107)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (14,174)  (24,057)  38,231  -  Other movements*  (49,364)  (451)  (16,455)  (66,270)  (75,198)  7,521  71,845  4,168  Amounts written off  -  -  (107,339)  (107,339)  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  (17,889)  (17,889)  P  =30,931  P  =26,321  P  =288,733  P  =345,985   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  Gross carrying amount as at  January 1, 2021  P  =4,308,549  P  =541,590  P  =783,244  P  =5,633,383  New assets originated or purchased  1,737,779  -  -  1,737,779  Assets derecognized or repaid (excluding write  offs)  (1,853,534)  (211,407)  (101,497)  (2,166,438)  Transfers to Stage 1  139,350  (108,780)  (30,570)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (321,849)  339,314  (17,465)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (114,327)  (155,121)  269,448  -  Amounts written off  -  -  (256,283)  (256,283)  P  =3,895,968  P  =405,596  P  =646,877  P  =4,948,441  ECL allowance as at January 1, 2021  P  =132,649  P  =49,661  P  =523,928  P  =706,238  Provisions for (recovery of) credit losses  Newly originated assets which remained in  Stage 1 at yearend  5,075  -  -  5,075  Newly originated assets which moved to  Stage 2 and Stage 3 at yearend  2,607  70,575  73,182  Transfers to Stage 1  8,047  (5,560)  (2,487)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (11,286)  13,543  (2,257)  -  Transfers to Stage 3  (40,939)  (69,375)  110,314  -  Other movements*  12,583  27,924  76,197  116,704  (26,520)  (30,861)  252,342  194,961  Amounts written off  -  -  (256,283)  (256,283)  Foreclosures and other adjustments  -  -  (177,871)  (177,871)  P  =106,129  P  =18,800  P  =342,116  P  =467,045   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* includes changes in assumptions and payments

The increase in ECLs of the portfolio was driven by an increase in the gross size of the portfolio and movements between stages as a result of changes in credit risk.

Receivable from customers consist of:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Loans (Note 32)  P  =463,918,623  P  =423,396,324  P  =464,087,126  P  =423,751,401  Customers' liabilities under letters of credit  and trust receipts  21,304,204  18,575,752  21,304,204  18,575,752  Credit card receivables  23,613,848  18,336,112  23,613,848  18,336,112  Bills purchased (Note 24)  3,960,151  1,168,160  3,960,151  1,168,160  Customers' liabilities under acceptances  1,649,956  1,001,505  1,649,956  1,001,505  514,446,782  462,477,853  514,615,285  462,832,930  Less unearned discounts and deferred credits  1,875,319  1,070,864  1,875,319  1,070,864  P  =512,571,463  P  =461,406,989  P  =512,739,966  P  =461,762,066   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On March 25, 2020, Republic Act No. 11469, otherwise known as the Bayanihan to Heal as One Act ('Bayanihan 1 Act') was enacted. Bayanihan 1 Act provides that all covered institutions shall implement a 30-day grace period for all loans with principal and/or interest and lease amortization falling due within the ECQ Period without incurring interest on interest, penalties, fees and other charges. Subsequently, on September 11, 2020, Republic Act No. 11494, otherwise known as the Bayanihan to Recover as One Act ('Bayanihan 2 Act'), was enacted. Under Bayanihan 2 Act, a onetime sixty (60)-day grace period is granted for the payment of all existing, current and outstanding loans falling due, or any part thereof, on or before December 31, 2020, without incurring interest on interests, penalties, fees, or other charges and thereby extending the maturity of the said loans. Furthermore, a minimum 30-day grace period shall also be granted by covered institutions to all payments due within the period of community quarantine on rent and utility-related expenditures without incurring penalties, interest and other charges.

<!-- image -->

Based on the Group's assessment, the modifications in the contractual cash flows as a result of the above reliefs are not substantial and therefore do not result in the derecognition of the affected financial assets.  The impact of the loan modification including the subsequent accretion of the modified loans is not material to the consolidated and parent company's financial statements.

Restructured receivables of the Group and the Parent Company amounted to P =13.1 billion as of December 31, 2022  and P =13.8 billion as of December 31, 2021.  Interest income on these restructured receivables amounted to P =595.0 million in 2022, P =463.5 million  in 2021, and P =116.6  million in 2020 for the Group and Parent Company.

Provision for (recovery of) credit losses on financial assets in the statements of income are as follows:

| Consolidated  For the year ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Due from other banks (Note 7)  (P  =159)  (P  =3,358)  P  =673  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA with BSP  1,224  (2,541)  2,700  Financial assets at FVTOCI (Note 12)  (3,877)  (16,787)  1,218  Investment securities at amortized cost (Note 13)  (49,407)  (105,113)  61,285  Loans and receivables  3,109,769  5,116,716  24,339,354  Cash collateral deposits  -  -  (944)  Financial guarantees, loan and other commitments (Note 34)  (423,226)  291,620  183,319  2,634,324  5,280,537  24,587,605  Effect of deconsolidation  -  -  1,795,437  P  =2,634,324  P  =5,280,537  P  =26,383,042   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Parent Company  For the year ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Due from other banks (Note 7)  (P  =212)  (P  =993)  (P  =618)  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA with BSP  1,224  (2,541)  2,700  Financial assets at FVTOCI (Note 12)  (3,877)  (16,787)  1,218  Investment securities at amortized cost (Note 13)  (49,407)  (105,113)  61,285  Loans and receivables  3,111,095  5,119,780  24,327,547  Cash collateral deposits  -  -  (944)  Financial guarantees, loan and other commitments (Note 34)  (423,226)  291,620  183,319  P  =2,635,597  P  =5,285,966  P  =24,574,507   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the collateral held relating to the total loan portfolio amounted to P =218.9 billion and P =205.3 billion, respectively, for the Group and P =201.8 billion and P =201.8 billion, respectively, for the Parent Company.  The collateral consists of cash, securities, letters of guarantee and real and personal properties.

The Group and the Parent Company took possession of various properties previously held as collateral.  The carrying values of such properties amounted to P =4.0 billion and P =2.0 billion for the Group and the Parent Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

<!-- image -->

Interest income on loans and receivables consists of:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Loans  P  =25,498,130  P  =24,542,891  P  =29,604,451  P =  25,542,188  P  =24,584,462  P  =28,310,688  Credit card receivables  3,308,797  2,973,226  3,552,998  3,308,797  2,973,226  3,552,998  Customers' liabilities under letters of  credit and trust receipts  850,118  520,324  850,306  850,118  520,324  850,306  Sales contracts receivable  7,058  7,436  6,610  7,058  7,436  6,610  Bills purchased  22,296  17,313  16,510  22,296  17,313  16,510  P  =29,686,399  P  =28,061,190  P  =34,030,875  P =  29,730,457  P  =28,102,761  P  =32,737,112   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Of the total receivables from customers of the Group and of the Parent Company, 37.3% and 36.1% as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are subject to periodic interest repricing.  Remaining receivables from customers, for the Group and the Parent Company, earn annual fixed interest rates, as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  Peso-denominated  2.00%-38.57%  2.00%-37.52%  1.92%-36.83%  Foreign currency-denominated  0.05% - 9.14%  1.00%-9.14%  1.17%-9.14%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Sales contracts receivable earns interest rates ranging from 10.00% to 13.00% and 9.00% to 13.00% as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for the Group and the Parent Company.

## 15. Investments in Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures

This account consists of investments in:

| % of Ownership  Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Subsidiaries:  Cost:  SBCIC  100.00  100.00  P =-  P =  -  P =500,000  P  =500,000  SBCC  100.00  100.00  -  -  325,000  325,000  SFLI  100.00  100.00  -  -  125,000  125,000  SB Forex  100.00  100.00  -  -  50,000  50,000  -  -  1,000,000  1,000,000  Accumulated equity in net income  Balance at beginning of year  -  -  898,560  865,318  Share in net income  -  -  118,850  96,617  Dividends  -  -  -  (63,375)  Balance at end of year  -  -  1,017,410  898,560  Accumulated equity in OCI  Remeasurement gains on defined  benefit plans  -  -  74,768  76,261  Net unrealized gain on financial  assets at fair value through other  comprehensive income  -  -  16,619  8,153  Balance at end of year  -  -  91,387  84,414  -  -  2,108,797  1,982,974   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

<!-- image -->

| % of Ownership  Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Joint Ventures:  Cost:  SBML  60.00  60.00  P =150,058  P =  150,058  P =150,058  P  =150,058  SBFI  49.96  49.76  2,095,655  1,345,654  2,095,655  1,345,654  2,245,713  1,495,712  2,245,713  1,495,712  Accumulated equity in net income  Balance at beginning of year  P =44,535  (P  =36,811)  P =44,535  (P  =36,811)  Share in net income (loss)  147,364  81,346  147,364  81,346  Remeasurement gains on defined  benefit plans  2,932  -  2,932  -  Balance at end of year  194,831  44,535  194,831  44,535  2,440,544  1,540,247  2,440,544  1,540,247  P =2,440,544  P  =1,540,247  P =4,549,341  P  =3,523,221   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The details of the dividends by the subsidiaries to the Parent Company are provided below:

| Subsidiary  Date of declaration  Per share  Total amounts in thousands  SBCC  July 28, 2021  P =19.5 per share  P =63,375  SFLI  September 16, 2019  0.2 per share  19,204  SBCC  June 29, 2018  50.0 per share  162,500  SBCC  June 29, 2017  60.0 per share  195,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Reclassification of SBFI to Joint Venture

On October 20, 2020, after obtaining regulatory approvals in the Philippines and in Thailand, the Parent Company completed the sale of the 7,075,000 SBFI shares to Krungsri for a total consideration of P1.53 billion. The shares sold represent 50% of the outstanding shares of SBFI.  The Group and the Parent Company recorded a gain from sale amounting to P933.1 million. Accordingly, SBFI ceased to be a subsidiary of the Parent Company.  The financial statements of SBFI were deconsolidated from the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

On February 23, 2021, the Parent Company's BOD approved an additional capital infusion amounting to P =1.5 billion to SBFI. Krungsri likewise approved an equivalent capital infusion to SBFI of P =1.5 billion for a total of P =3.0 billion.  SBFI issued 25,850,000 common shares which was subscribed on a 50:50 basis by the Parent Company and Krungsri.

On May 21, 2021, SBFI obtained the first tranche of capital infusion from the Parent Company and Krungsri amounting to P =1.5 billion.  SBFI issued 850,000 common shares with par value of P100 per share for P =500.0 million from its remaining unissued common shares..

The remaining P =1.0 billion from the first tranche represents subscription payments required by the SEC for SBFI's application to increase  its authorized capital stock for an additional 25,000,000 common shares.  This was approved by the SEC on December 29, 2021 and accordingly, SBFI issued the corresponding 10,000,000 common shares corresponding to the P =1.0 billion subscription payment.

On January 18, 2022, SBFI obtained the second tranche of capital infusion from the Parent Company and Krungsri amounting to P =1.5 billion.  Accordingly, SBFI issued the remaining 15,000,000 common shares.

<!-- image -->

## Financial Information of Joint Ventures

The summarized financial information of the joint ventures are set out below (in millions):

## SBML:

SBFI:

| 2022  2021  Cash and cash equivalents  P =88  P  =117  Loans receivable held for sale  136  180  Loans and receivables  1,324  1,486  Other assets  91  95  Deposits on lease contracts  (425)  (443)  Bills payable  (363)  (587)  Accounts payable and other liabilities  (274)  (311)  Equity  P =577  P  =537  Proportion of the Group's ownership  60%  60%  Carrying amount of the investment  P =346  P  =322  2022  2021  Income  Leasing and interest income  P =99  P  =94  Interest expense  (19)  (31)  Net interest income  80  63  Other income  70  37  Operating expenses  (110)  (101)  Income (loss) before income tax  40  (1)  Provision for income tax  (5)  (1)  Net income (loss)  P =35  (P  =2)  Group's share for the year  P  =20  (P  =1)  2022  2021  Cash and cash equivalents  P =243  P  =239  Loans and receivables  7,600  6,137  Other Assets  1,136  1,044  Bills payable  (4,808)  (4,565)  Accrued expenses and other liabilities  21  (407)  Equity  P =4,192  P  =2,448  Proportion of the Group's ownership  49.96%  49.76%  Carrying amount of the investment  P =2,094  P  =1,218  2022  2021  Income  Interest income  P =2,281  P  =1,689  Interest expense  (181)  (156)  Net interest income  2,100  1,533  Other income  594  234  Operating expenses  (2,414)  (1,438)  Income before income tax  280  329  Provision for income tax  (26)  (164)  Net income  P =254  P  =165  Group's share for the year  P =127  P  =82   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

SBML and SBFI have no contingent liabilities or capital commitments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## 16. Property, Equipment and Right-of-Use Assets

The composition of and movements in the Group's and the Parent Company's property, equipment and right-of-use assets follow:

| Consolidated  Land  Building and  Improvements  Furniture,  Fixtures and  Equipment  Transportation  Equipment  Leasehold  Improvement  s  Right-of-use Assets  Total  Building and  Improvements  Transportation  Equipment  Total Right-  of-use assets  December 31, 2022  Cost  Balance at beginning of year  P  =441,288  P  =2,641,346  P  =4,553,748  P  =2,307,763  P  =262,562  P  =3,574,736  P  =10,969  P  =3,585,705  P  =13,792,412  Additions  -  55,752  746,416  405,574  77,345  922,570  15,854  938,424  2,223,511  Disposals  (13,504)  (6,411)  (122,808)  (522,926)  -  (1,347,313)  (11,310)  (1,358,623)  (2,024,272)  Amortization of leasehold  improvements  -  -  -  -  (117,600)  -  -  -  (117,600)  Reclassifications and other  adjustments (Note 18)  -  (36,230)  (64,645)  87,446  3,178  77,825  -  77,825  67,574  Balance at end of year  427,784  2,654,457  5,112,711  2,277,857  225,485  3,227,818  15,513  3,243,331  13,941,625  Accumulated depreciation  Balance at beginning of year  -  1,891,091  3,198,208  1,392,101  -  2,101,976  9,374  2,111,350  8,592,750  Depreciation  -  102,979  566,709  418,207  -  726,319  4,884  731,203  1,819,098  Disposals  -  (5,377)  (119,703)  (474,321)  -  (1,158,351)  (11,309)  (1,169,660)  (1,769,061)  Reclassifications and other  adjustments (Note 18)  -  (23,180)  9,616  26,156  -  (7,117)  -  (7,117)  5,475  Balance at end of year  -  1,965,513  3,654,830  1,362,143  -  1,662,827  2,949  1,665,776  8,648,262  Allowance for impairment  loss (Note 17)  Balance at beginning of year  14,120  541  -  -  -  -  -  -  14,661  Provision (Recovery)  -  (173)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (173)  Balance at the end of year  14,120  368  -  -  -  -  -  -  14,488  Net book value at end of  year  P  =413,664  P  =688,576  P  =1,457,881  P  =915,714  P  =225,485  P  =1,564,991  P  =12,564  P  =1,577,555  P  =5,278,875  December 31, 2021  Cost  Balance at beginning of year  P  =377,513  P  =2,628,406  P  =4,066,222  P  =2,208,698  P  =323,589  P  =3,453,984  P  =24,758  P  =3,478,742  P  =13,083,170  Additions  -  13,484  550,552  429,523  74,053  753,751  2,343  756,094  1,823,706  Disposals  (898)  (765)  (60,881)  (334,756)  (86)  (646,922)  (16,062)  (662,984)  (1,060,370)  Amortization of leasehold  improvements  -  -  -  -  (135,131)  -  -  -  (135,131)  Reclassifications and other  adjustments (Note 18)  64,673  221  (2,145)  4,298  137  13,923  (70)  13,853  81,037  Balance at end of year  441,288  2,641,346  4,553,748  2,307,763  262,562  3,574,736  10,969  3,585,705  13,792,412  Accumulated depreciation  Balance at beginning of year  -  1,782,923  2,720,090  1,210,472  -  1,826,181  18,751  1,844,932  7,558,417  Depreciation  -  108,168  524,023  432,234  -  780,701  6,685  787,386  1,851,811  Disposals  -  -  (45,937)  (252,826)  -  (504,907)  (16,062)  (520,969)  (819,732)  Reclassifications and other  adjustments (Note 18)  -  -  32  2,221  -  1  -  1  2,254  Balance at end of year  -  1,891,091  3,198,208  1,392,101  -  2,101,976  9,374  2,111,350  8,592,750  Allowance for impairment  loss (Note 17)  Balance at beginning of year  4,607  2,170  -  -  -  -  -  -  6,777  Provision (Recovery)  9,513  (1,629)  -  -  -  -  -  -  7,884  Balance at the end of year  14,120  541  -  -  -  -  -  -  14,661  Net book value at end of year  P  =427,168  P  =749,714  P  =1,355,540  P  =915,662  P  =262,562  P  =1,472,760  P  =1,595  P  =1,474,355  P  =5,185,001   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  Land  Building and  Improvements  Furniture,  Fixtures and  Equipment  Transportation  Equipment  Leasehold  Improvements  Right-of-use Assets  Building and  Improvements  Transportation  Equipment  Total Right-  of-use assets  Total  December 31, 2022  Cost  Balance at beginning of year  P  =441,288  P  =2,605,116  P  =3,784,854  P  =284,527  P  =260,783  P  =3,574,735  P  =10,969  P  =3,585,704  P  =10,962,272  Additions  -  55,752  388,821  65,842  77,345  922,570  15,854  938,424  1,526,184  Disposals  (13,504)  (6,411)  (106,423)  (58,779)  -  (1,347,312)  (11,310)  (1,358,622)  (1,543,739)  Amortization of leasehold  improvements  -  -  -  -  (117,600)  -  -  -  (117,600)  Reclassifications and other  adjustments (Note 18)  -  -  (17,641)  7,285  (60)  77,825  -  77,825  67,409  Balance at end of year  427,784  2,654,457  4,049,611  298,875  220,468  3,227,818  15,513  3,243,331  10,894,526  Accumulated depreciation  Balance at beginning of year  -  1,863,138  2,798,542  137,022  -  2,094,859  9,374  2,104,233  6,902,935  Depreciation  -  102,979  406,366  52,790  -  726,319  4,884  731,203  1,293,338  Disposals  -  (5,377)  (103,671)  (44,702)  -  (1,158,351)  (11,309)  (1,169,660)  (1,323,410)  Reclassifications and other  adjustments (Note 18)  -  -  -  5,310  -  -  -  -  5,310  Balance at end of year  -  1,960,740  3,101,237  150,420  -  1,662,827  2,949  1,665,776  6,878,173  Allowance for impairment  loss (Note 17)  Balance at beginning of year  14,120  541  -  -  -  -  -  -  14,661  Provision (Recovery)  -  (173)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (173)  Balance at the end of year  14,120  368  -  -  -  -  -  -  14,488  Net book value at end of  year  P  =413,664  P  =693,349  P  =948,374  P  =148,455  P  =220,468  P  =1,564,991  P  =12,564  P  =1,577,555  P  =4,001,865   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Parent Company

| Land  Building and  Improvements  Furniture,  Fixtures and  Equipment  Transportation  Equipment  Leasehold  Improvements  Right-of-use Assets  Building and  Improvements  Transportation  Equipment  Total Right-  of-use assets  Total  December 31, 2021  Cost  Balance at beginning of year  P  =442,186  P  =2,592,175  P  =3,405,491  P  =237,792  P  =321,476  P  =3,453,984  P  =24,758  P  =3,478,742  P  =10,477,862  Additions  -  13,484  397,032  91,525  73,919  753,751  2,343  756,094  1,332,054  Disposals  (898)  (764)  (15,524)  (49,110)  (87)  (646,923)  (16,062)  (662,985)  (729,368)  Amortization of leasehold  improvements  -  -  -  (134,662)  -  -  -  (134,662)  Reclassifications and other  adjustments (Note 18)  221  (2,145)  4,320  137  13,923  (70)  13,853  16,386  Balance at end of year  441,288  2,605,116  3,784,854  284,527  260,783  3,574,735  10,969  3,585,704  10,962,272  Accumulated depreciation  Balance at beginning of year  -  1,748,595  2,398,743  130,430  -  1,825,436  18,751  1,844,187  6,121,955  Depreciation  -  114,543  400,348  48,557  -  774,329  6,685  781,014  1,344,462  Disposals  -  -  (581)  (44,186)  -  (504,907)  (16,062)  (520,969)  (565,736)  Reclassifications and other  adjustments (Note 18)  -  -  32  2,221  -  1  -  1  2,254  Balance at end of year  -  1,863,138  2,798,542  137,022  -  2,094,859  9,374  2,104,233  6,902,935  Allowance for impairment  loss (Note 17)  Balance at beginning of year  28,266  2,170  -  -  -  -  -  -  28,266  Provision (Recovery)  (14,146)  (1,629)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (13,605)  Balance at the end of year  14,120  541  -  -  -  -  -  -  14,661  Net book value at end of year  P  =427,168  P  =741,437  P  =986,312  P  =147,505  P  =260,783  P  =1,479,876  P  =1,595  P  =1,481,471  P  =4,044,676   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the cost of fully depreciated property and equipment still in use amounted to P =4.9 billion and P =3.6 billion, respectively, for the Group and the Parent Company.

The details of depreciation and amortization recognized in the statements of income follow.

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Property, equipment and right-of-use  assets  P =1,819,098  P  =1,851,812  P  =1,720,442  P  =1,293,338  P  =1,344,462  P  =1,230,452  Leasehold improvements  117,600  135,131  144,261  117,600  134,662  143,446  Investment properties (Note 17)  103,010  67,235  58,416  103,010  67,235  58,416  Other properties acquired (Note 18)  74,811  118,911  86,843  74,811  118,911  86,843  P =2,114,519  P =2,173,089  P =2,009,962  P  =1,588,759  P =1,665,270  P =1,519,157   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liability (see Note 24) and the movements during the year:

| Consolidated  Parent  2022  2021  2022  2021  Balance at beginning of year  P  =1,454,658  P  =1,662,975  P  =1,454,658  P  =1,662,975  Additions  789,427  600,865  789,427  600,865  Disposals/pre-terminations  (191,215)  (77,635)  (191,216)  (77,635)  Accretion of interest  71,508  83,974  71,831  83,974  Payments  (586,357)  (815,521)  (591,045)  (815,521)  Balance at end of year  P  =1,538,021  P  =1,454,658  P  =1,533,655  P  =1,454,658   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17. Investment Properties

The composition of and movements in the Group and the Parent Company's investment properties follow:

| Consolidated  Land  Building and  Improvements  Total  December 31, 2022  Cost  Balance at beginning of year  P  =745,484  P  =668,317  P  =1,413,801  Additions (Note 37)  1,049,167  1,382,098  2,431,265  Disposals  (90,638)  (56,898)  (147,536)  Balance at end of year  1,704,013  1,993,517  3,697,530  Accumulated Depreciation  Balance at beginning of year  -  213,483  213,483  Depreciation (Note 16)  -  103,010  103,010  Disposals  -  (20,655)  (20,655)  Balance at end of year  -  295,838  295,838  Allowance for Impairment Loss  Balance at beginning of year  3,831  13,677  17,508  Provision for impairment losses  96,414  77,368  173,782  Disposals  (497)  6,228  5,731  Balance at end of year  99,748  97,273  197,021  Net Book Value at End of Year  P  =1,604,265  P  =1,600,406  P  =3,204,671  December 31, 2021  Cost  Balance at beginning of year  P  =710,250  P  =571,836  P  =1,282,086  Additions (Note 37)  120,979  117,122  238,101  Disposals  (85,745)  (20,641)  (106,386)  Balance at end of year  745,484  668,317  1,413,801  Accumulated Depreciation  Balance at beginning of year  -  146,290  146,290  Depreciation (Note 16)  -  67,235  67,235  Disposals  -  (42)  (42)  Balance at end of year  -  213,483  213,483  Allowance for Impairment Loss  Balance at beginning of year  25,831  17,355  43,186  Recovery of impairment losses  (21,928)  (3,656)  (25,584)  Disposals  (72)  (22)  (94)  Balance at end of year  3,831  13,677  17,508  Net Book Value at End of Year  P  =741,653  P  =441,157  P  =1,182,810   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  Land  Building and  Improvements  Total  December 31, 2022  Cost  Balance at beginning of year  P  =684,735  P  =727,523  P  =1,412,258  Additions (Note 37)  1,109,141  1,322,123  2,431,264  Disposals  (90,637)  (56,130)  (146,767)  Balance at end of year  1,703,239  1,993,516  3,696,755  Accumulated Depreciation  Balance at beginning of year  -  207,753  207,753  Depreciation (Note 16)  -  103,010  103,010  Disposals  -  (14,924)  (14,924)  Balance at end of year  -  295,839  295,839  Allowance for Impairment Loss  Balance at beginning of year  3,337  19,901  23,238  Provision for impairment losses  96,414  77,368  173,782  Balance at end of year  99,751  97,269  197,020  Net Book Value at End of Year  P  =1,603,488  P  =1,600,408  P  =3,203,896  December 31, 2021  Cost  Balance at beginning of year  P  =649,501  P  =653,631  P  =1,303,132  Additions (Note 37)  120,979  117,125  238,104  Disposals  (85,745)  (43,233)  (128,978)  Balance at end of year  684,735  727,523  1,412,258  Accumulated Depreciation  Balance at beginning of year  -  154,505  154,505  Depreciation (Note 16)  -  67,235  67,235  Disposals  -  (13,987)  (13,987)  Balance at end of year  -  207,753  207,753  Allowance for Impairment Loss  Balance at beginning of year  38,168  17,849  56,017  Provision for (recovery of) impairment losses  (6,439)  2,844  (3,595)  Disposals  (28,392)  (792)  (29,184)  Balance at end of year  3,337  19,901  23,238  Net Book Value at End of Year  P  =681,398  P  =499,869  P  =1,181,267   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Investment properties are real estate properties acquired in settlement of loans and receivables.  The difference between the fair value of the asset upon foreclosure and the carrying value of the loan is recognized under 'Profit from assets sold/exchanged'.  In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Profit from assets sold/ exchanged, amounted to P =1.2 billion, P =0.1 billion and P =0.2 billion for the Group and the Parent Company.

The fair values of investment properties are disclosed in Note 6.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of investment properties still subject to redemption amounted to P =2.0 billion and P =255.2 million, respectively, for the Group and the Parent Company.

In 2020, the Group and the Parent Company recognized rental income (included under 'Rent' in the statements of income) on investment properties, which are leased out under operating leases, amounted to P =3.4 million.  No rental income recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

<!-- image -->

The Group and the Parent Company have no investment properties, which are leased out under operating leases as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

In 2022, 2021, and 2020, direct operating expenses, consisting of depreciation and amortization and repairs and maintenance (included under 'Occupancy costs' in the statements of income) pertaining to investment properties amounted to P =74.8 million, P =118.9 million, and P =86.9 million, respectively, for the Group and 74.8 million, P =118.9 million, and P =86.9 million, respectively, for the Parent Company.

Provision for (recovery of) impairment losses on non-financial assets in the statements of income are as follows:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Property, equipment and  right-of-use assets  (Note 16)  P =433  P  =7,884  P  =-  P =433  (P  =13,605)  P  =-  Investment properties  173,782  (25,584)  20,947  173,782  (3,595)  20,947  Other properties acquired  (Note 18)  32,845  2,547  14,203  32,845  2,547  14,203  P =207,060  (P  =15,153)  P  =35,150  P =207,060  (P  =14,653)  P  =35,150   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18. Intangible and Other Assets

Intangible assets consist of:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Branch licenses  ₱1,445,000  ₱1,445,000  ₱1,445,000  ₱1,445,000  Software costs  2,281,225  1,767,078  2,280,076  1,765,387  Exchange trading right  9,000  9,000  -  -  ₱3,735,225  ₱3,221,078  ₱3,725,076  ₱3,210,387   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Branch licenses of the Group amounting to P1.5 billion represents the following:

- a. 1 branch license acquired in in 2017 amounting to ₱20.0 million;
- b. 4 branch licenses acquired in in 2016 amounting to ₱80.0 million;
- c. 23 branch licenses acquired in 2015 amounting to ₱345.0 million;
- d. 11 branch licenses acquired in 2014 amounting to 220.0 million;
- e. 26 branch licenses acquired in 2013 amounting to ₱520.0 million; and
- f. 13 branch licenses acquired in 2012 amounting to ₱260.0 million

Movements in software costs follow:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Cost  Balance at beginning of year  P  =3,578,676  P  =2,702,783  P  =3,432,280  P  =2,557,655  Additions  1,098,153  896,901  1,098,126  895,622  Disposal  (21,879)  (4,536)  (21,879)  (4,525)  Reclassification (Note 16)  (10,959)  (16,472)  (10,959)  (16,472)  Balance at end of year  4,643,991  3,578,676  4,497,568  3,432,280   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

<!-- image -->

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Accumulated Amortization  Balance at beginning of year  P  =1,811,598  P  =1,449,534  1,666,893  P  =1,305,405  Amortization  551,180  362,322  550,599  361,734  Disposal  (12)  (258)  -  (246)  Balance at end of year  2,362,766  1,811,598  2,217,492  1,666,893  Net Book Value at End of Year  P  =2,281,225  P  =1,767,078  P  =2,280,076  P  =1,765,387   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the latest transacted price of SBEI's exchange trading right amounted to P =9.0 million.

Other assets consist of:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Cash collateral deposits  P  =2,402,982  P  =261,857  P  =2,402,982  P  =261,857  Other properties acquired - net  899,386  206,647  899,386  206,647  Rental and security deposits (Note 33)  527,231  329,596  529,234  329,238  Due from brokers  407,824  42,731  407,824  42,731  Prepaid expenses  363,435  365,677  329,263  363,690  Documentary stamps  348,758  315,424  348,758  315,424  Pension asset (Note 29)  200,867  415,983  191,736  413,246  Creditable withholding taxes  176,934  400,229  17,111  326,480  Due from trust  58,907  58,402  58,907  58,402  Returned checks and other cash items  35,434  11,998  35,434  11,998  Miscellaneous  407,654  953,574  406,663  805,811  P  =5,829,412  P  =3,362,118  P  =5,627,298  P  =3,135,524   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash collateral deposits represent the Parent Company's restricted deposits for its treasury transactions such as interest rate swaps and SSURA.  The carrying amount of these deposits approximates their fair value.

In 2022 and 2021, the gross carrying amount of cash collateral securities were carried at Stage 1 and there were no transfers into and out of Stage 1.

As of December 31, 2022  and 2021, 'Other assets - miscellaneous' includes prepaid employee benefits under car plan program amounting to P =183.9 million and P =151.3 million for the Group, respectively, and P =181.0 million and P =149.8 million for the Parent Company, respectively, and items in process for clearing amounting to P =133.8 million and P =374.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Other properties acquired represent chattel mortgages foreclosed from loan borrowers.  Gain or loss upon foreclosure is included under 'Profit from assets sold/exchanged' in the statements of income. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Profit from assets sold/ exchanges, amounted to P =0.3 billion, P =1.3 billion and P =0.1 billion, respectively, for the Group and the Parent Company.

<!-- image -->

Movements in the other properties acquired by the Group and the Parent Company follow:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Cost  Balance at beginning of year  P =243,545  P  =574,315  P =243,518  P  =574,290  Additions (Note 37)  1,608,374  1,793,464  1,608,374  1,793,464  Disposals  (858,872)  (2,122,623)  (858,845)  (2,122,625)  Reclassification  -  (1,611)  -  (1,611)  Balance at end of year  993,047  243,545  993,047  243,518  Accumulated Depreciation  Balance at beginning of year  34,351  52,567  34,324  52,540  Depreciation (Note 16)  74,811  118,911  74,811  118,911  Disposals  (48,347)  (136,766)  (48,320)  (136,766)  Reclassification  -  (361)  -  (361)  Balance at end of year  60,815  34,351  60,815  34,324  Accumulated Impairment Loss  Balance at beginning of year  2,547  14,334  2,547  14,336  Provision for impairment losses (Note 17)  32,845  2,547  32,845  2,547  Disposal  (2,497)  (14,284)  (2,497)  (14,286)  Reclassification  (49)  (50)  (49)  (50)  Balance at end of year  32,846  2,547  32,846  2,547  Net Book Value at End of Year  P =899,386  P  =206,647  P =899,386  P  =206,647   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19. Deposit Liabilities

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group and the Parent Company has set aside 'Due from BSP' as reserves amounting to P =54.0 billion and P =54.0 billion, respectively.  Total interest income on 'Due from BSP' earned by the Group and Parent Company amounted to P =46.8 million, P =606.5 million and P =14.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively

## Long-term Negotiable Certificates of Deposit maturing on May 8, 2023

On November 8, 2017, the Parent Company issued 3.875% fixed coupon rate (EIR of 4.01%) unsecured LTNCD at par value of P =8.6 billion.  The Parent Company incurred debt issue costs amounting to P =58.9 million.

The issuance of the foregoing LTNCD under the terms approved by the BOD was approved by the BSP on October 5, 2017.

## Long-term Negotiable Certificates of Deposit maturing on November 2, 2023

On May 2, 2018, the Parent Company issued 4.50% fixed coupon rate (EIR of 4.69%) unsecured LTNCD at par value of P =5.78 billion.  The Parent Company incurred debt issue costs amounting to P =53.6 million

The issuance of the foregoing LTNCD under the terms approved by the BOD was approved by the BSP on October 5, 2017.

<!-- image -->

## Long-term Negotiable Certificates of Deposit maturing on March 23, 2025

On September 23, 2019, the Parent Company issued 4.00% fixed coupon rate (EIR of 4.18%) unsecured LTNCD at par value of P =6.06 billion.  The Parent Company incurred debt issue costs amounting to P =54.9 million.

The issuance of the foregoing LTNCD under the terms approved by the BOD was approved by the BSP on May 30, 2019.

## Long-term Negotiable Certificates of Deposit maturing on June 17, 2025

On December 17, 2019, the Parent Company issued 4.00% fixed coupon rate (EIR of 4.16%) unsecured LTNCD at par value of P =2.31 billion. The Parent Company incurred debt issue costs amounting to P =18.7 million.

The issuance of the foregoing LTNCD under the terms approved by the BOD was approved by the BSP on May 30, 2019.

## Long-term Negotiable Certificates of Deposit maturing on August 5, 2025

On February 5, 2020, the Parent Company issued 4.00% fixed coupon rate (EIR of 4.16%) unsecured LTNCD at par value of P =2.07 billion.  The Parent Company incurred debt issue costs amounting to P =16.6 million.

The issuance of the foregoing LTNCD under the terms approved by the BOD was approved by the BSP on May 30, 2019.

The movement of unamortized debt issue costs on LTNCDs follows:

| 2022  2021  Beginning balance  P =92,427  P  =130,835  Amortization  (38,213)  (38,408)  Balance at end of year  P =54,214  P  =92,427   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest expense on deposit liabilities consists of:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Demand  P =242,646  P  =204,516  P  =187,428  P =243,015  P  =204,819  P  =187,531  Savings  70,062  107,435  225,839  70,167  107,715  226,429  Time  3,683,052  1,581,248  3,733,745  3,701,867  1,587,676  3,744,927  LTNCD  1,047,352  1,047,599  1,038,504  1,047,352  1,047,599  1,038,504  P =5,043,112  P  =2,940,798  P  =5,185,516  P =5,062,401  P  =2,947,809  P  =5,197,391   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Ranges of annual fixed interest on deposit liabilities excluding LTNCD follow:

| 2022  2021  2020  Peso-denominated  0.01%-6.65%  0.01%-3.28%  0.10%-3.50%  Foreign currency-denominated  0.01%-5.10%  0.01%-1.97%  0.10%-2.88%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 20. Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

This account consists of:

| 2022  2021  Derivative liabilities (Note 6):  Currency forwards  P =1,126,730  P  =1,174,299  Interest rate swaps  622,754  110,983  Bonds forward  3,334  -  Cross-currency swaps  -  104  P =1,752,818  P  =1,285,386   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest expense on derivative instruments consists of:

| 2022  2021  2020  Interest rate swaps  P =300,435  P  =217,100  P  =289,280  Cross-currency swaps  105,986  131,749  177,400  P =406,421  P  =348,849  P  =466,680   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21. Bills Payable and Securities Sold Under Repurchase Agreements

This account consists of borrowings from:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  SSURA  P  =23,360,860  P  =2,777,596  P  =23,360,860  P  =2,777,596  Local government banks with relending  facilities  4,633,186  148,407  4,633,186  148,407  Foreign banks  5,017,950  -  5,017,950  -  Local banks  7,908,407  538,421  7,790,073  441,754  P  =40,920,403  P  =3,464,424  P  =40,802,069  P  =3,367,757   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following are the carrying values of the investment securities pledged and transferred under SSURA transactions of the Group:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Carrying  Value  Fair Value  Carrying  Value  Fair Value  Financial assets at FVTPL (Note 10)  Government securities  P  =3,857,764  P  =3,857,764  P  =3,945,013  P  =3,945,013  Financial assets at FVTOCI (Note 12)  Treasury bonds  4,142,731  4,142,731  -  -  Investment securities at amortized cost  (Note 13)  Private bonds  19,888,110  18,708,912  -  -  P  =27,888,605  P  =26,709,407  P  =3,945,013  P  =3,945,013   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, interest expense on bills payable and SSURA, notes payable, subordinated notes and other borrowings in the statements of income consist of the following:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Notes payable (Note 22)  P =1,456,891  P =1,726,394  P =2,094,313  P =1,456,891  P =1,726,394  P =2,094,313  Bills payable and SSURA  528,168  324,661  1,266,487  523,888  P  =317,836  1,032,088  Others  2,668  22,595  -  62  22,595  -  P =1,987,727  P  =2,073,650  P  =3,360,800  P =1,980,841  P  =2,066,825  P  =3,126,401   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Annual fixed interest rate ranges on the Group's and the Parent Company's interbank borrowings and rediscounting availments follow:

| 2022  2021  2020  Interbank borrowings:  Peso-denominated  1.50%-8.00%  1.50%-8.00%  3.38%-8.00%  Foreign currency-denominated  0.05%-4.83%  0.02%-1.33%  0.00%-2.95%  Rediscounting availments:  Peso-denominated  -  -  0.00%-3.75%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22. Notes and Bonds Payable

This account consists of the following:

| December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Senior unsecured notes due September 2023  P =16,704,608  P  =15,253,337  Fixed rate bonds due January 2024  15,910,768  -  Fixed rate bonds due May 2024  14,496,317  -  Fixed rate bonds due July 2022  -  13,467,976  P =47,111,693  P  =28,721,313   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Senior Unsecured Notes due September 2023

In September 2018, the Parent Company issued $300.0 million senior unsecured notes ('Senior Notes') due on September 25, 2023.  The Senior Notes, which are listed in the Singapore Stock Exchange, were priced at a discount, with a coupon rate of 4.50% fixed rate (EIR of 4.68%) payable on a semi-annual basis commencing on March 25, 2019.  The Parent Company incurred debt issue costs amounting to P =57.6 million.

## Fixed Rate Bonds due July 2022

On July 24, 2020, the Parent Company issued P =13.5 billion fixed rate bonds due on July 24, 2022. The bond, which are listed in Philippine Dealing and Exchange Corporation, were priced at par with a coupon rate of 3.125% fixed rate payable on a quarterly basis commencing on October 24, 2020. The Parent Company incurred debt issue costs amounting to P =111.2 million.

On July 25, 2022, the Parent Company paid P =13.5 billion fixed rate bonds.

## Fixed Rate Bonds due June 2021

On June 28, 2019, the Parent Company issued P =18.0 billion fixed rate bonds due on June 28, 2021. The bond, which are listed in Philippine Dealing and Exchange Corporation, were priced at par with a coupon rate of 5.875% fixed rate payable on a quarterly basis commencing on September 28, 2019.

<!-- image -->

The Parent Company incurred debt issue costs amounting to P =160.8 million.  This fixed rate bond already matured and is no longer outstanding as of December 31, 2021.

## Fixed Rate Bonds due January 2024

On July 20, 2022, the Parent Company issued P =16.0 billion fixed rate bonds due on January 20, 2024. The bond, which are listed in Philippine Dealing and Exchange Corporation, were priced at par with a coupon rate of 3.7407% fixed rate (EIR of 4.29%) payable on a quarterly basis commencing on October 20, 2022. The Parent Company incurred debt issue costs amounting to P =126.0 million.

## Fixed Rate Bonds due May 2024

On November 10, 2022, the Parent Company issued P =14.6 billion fixed rate bonds due on May 10, 2024.  The bond, which are listed in Philippine Dealing and Exchange Corporation, were priced at par with a coupon rate of 5.3000% fixed rate (EIR of 5.85%) payable on a quarterly basis commencing on February 10, 2023.  The Parent Company incurred debt issue costs amounting to P =114.1 million.

The movements in unamortized discount follow:

| December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Balance at beginning of year  P =78,387  P  =196,222  Additions  240,038  -  Amortization  (182,309)  (100,189)  Translation adjustment  78,691  (17,646)  Balance at end of year  P =214,807  P  =78,387   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23. Accrued Interest, Taxes and Other Expenses

This account consists of:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Accrued interest payable (Note 32)  P  =1,838,597  P  =811,940  P  =1,844,730  P  =815,265  Accrued other expenses payable  1,790,180  1,726,489  1,766,817  1,687,867  Accrued other taxes and licenses payable  519,582  347,445  502,004  328,793  Pension liability - net (Notes 29 and 32)  5,167  10,637  -  -  P  =4,153,526  P  =2,896,511  P  =4,113,551  P  =2,831,925   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Accrued other expenses payable includes accrual for various operating expenses such as payroll, repairs and maintenance, utilities, rental, and contractual services.  This also includes estimated provision for probable losses arising from various legal cases of the Group (see Note 34).

<!-- image -->

## 24. Other Liabilities

This account consists of:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Accounts payable (Note 32)  P =2,675,545  P =2,097,382  P =2,611,583  P =2,097,382  Payable to brokers  1,560,367  1,141,819  -  -  Lease liability (Notes 2 and 16)  1,538,021  1,454,658  1,533,655  1,454,658  Other deferred credits  1,444,777  1,127,192  1,444,777  1,127,192  Cash collateral on borrowings  955,641  284,297  955,641  284,297  Bills purchased - contra  884,311  418,651  884,311  418,651  Unearned initial milestone fee  319,770  508,329  319,770  508,329  Withholding taxes payable  316,096  156,160  311,757  156,160  Provision for ECL on loan commitments  and financial guarantees (Note 34)  277,722  699,044  277,722  699,044  Insurance contract liabilities  197,208  142,357  197,208  142,357  Due to the Treasurer of the Philippines  181,309  181,459  181,309  181,459  Provision related to legal cases  130,593  337  130,593  337  Subscription payable  30,000  30,000  123,750  123,750  Dividends payable  8,211  10,274  8,187  10,274  Deposits for keys of safety deposit boxes  7,297  7,240  7,297  7,240  Miscellaneous  690,560  982,466  507,501  693,332  P =11,217,428  P =9,241,665  P =9,495,061  P =7,904,462   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Miscellaneous liabilities are Social Security System pension for the Group's depositors amounting to P =41.7 million and P =30.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, rewards for cardholders amounting to P =80.4 million and P =84.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, security deposits on lease contracts amounting to P =138.4 million and P =134.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and items in process for clearing amounting to P =365.4 million and P =577.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## 25. Maturity Analysis of Assets and Liabilities

The table below shows an analysis of assets and liabilities analyzed according to when they are expected to be recovered or settled (amounts in millions):

| Consolidated  Parent Company  Within  One Year  Over  One Year  Total  Within  One Year  Over  One Year  Total  December 31, 2022  Financial Assets  Cash and other cash items  P  =13,180  P  =-  P  =13,180  P  =13,180  P  =-  P  =13,180  Due from BSP  63,011  -  63,011  63,011  -  63,011  Due from other banks  20,097  -  20,097  20,033  -  20,033  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  25,517  1,998  27,515  25,517  1,998  27,515  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments  4,902  -  4,902  4,902  -  4,902  Derivative assets  1,917  748  2,665  1,917  748  2,665  Total financial assets at FVTPL  6,819  748  7,567  6,819  748  7,567  Financial assets at FVTOCI  3,274  109,617  112,891  3,275  109,577  112,852  Investment securities at amortized cost  5,614  63,616  69,230  5,614  63,616  69,230  Loans and receivables - at gross  276,721  244,250  520,971  276,704  243,902  520,606  Other assets  3,507  527  4,034  3,496  529  4,025  Total financial assets  P  =417,740  P  =420,756  P  =838,496  P  =417,649  P  =420,370  P  =838,019   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

<!-- image -->

| Consolidated  Parent Company  Within  One Year  Over  One Year  Total  Within  One Year  Over  One Year  Total  Non-financial Assets  Investments in subsidiaries and joint  ventures  P  =-  P  =2,441  P  =2,441  P  =-  P  =4,549  P  =4,549  Property and equipment (Net)  -  5,279  5,279  -  4,002  4,002  Investment properties  -  3,205  3,205  -  3,204  3,204  Deferred tax assets  -  4,851  4,851  -  4,823  4,823  Goodwill  -  842  842  -  842  842  Intangible assets  -  3,735  3,735  -  3,725  3,725  Other assets  897  899  1,796  703  899  1,602  Total non-financial assets  897  21,252  22,149  703  22,044  22,747  P  =418,637  P  =442,008  860,645  P  =418,352  P  =442,414  P  =860,766  Less:  Allowance for credit losses  16,479  16,445  Unearned discounts and deferred  credits  1,875  1,875  Total Assets  P  =842,291  P  =842,446  Financial Liabilities  Deposit liabilities  P  =573,440  P  =32,397  P  =605,837  P  =576,975  P  =30,904  P  =607,879  Financial liabilities at FVTPL  1,753  -  1,753  1,753  -  1,753  Bills payable and SSURA  35,769  5,151  40,920  35,651  5,151  40,802  Acceptances payable  -  1,085  1,085  -  1,085  1,085  Margin deposits and cash letters  of credit  -  64  64  -  64  64  Manager's and certified checks  outstanding  4,103  -  4,103  4,103  -  4,103  Notes payable  16,705  30,407  47,112  16,705  30,407  47,112  Accrued interest, taxes and other  expenses  3,634  -  3,634  3,612  -  3,612  Other liabilities  9,357  1,646  11,003  7,699  1,598  9,297  Total financial liabilities  644,761  70,750  715,511  646,498  69,209  715,707  Non-financial Liabilities  Income tax payable  P  = 198  P  =-  P  = 198  P  = 190  P  =-  P  = 190  Accrued interest, taxes and other  expenses  520  -  520  502  -  502  Other liabilities  211  3  214  197  -  197  Total non-financial liabilities  929  3  932  889  -  889  Total Liabilities  P  =645,690  P  =70,753  P  =716,443  P  =647,387  P  =69,209  P  =716,596  December 31, 2021  Financial Assets  Cash and other cash items  P  =11,083  P  =-  P  =11,083  P  =11,083  P  =-  P  =11,083  Due from BSP  67,392  -  67,392  67,392  -  67,392  Due from other banks  13,126  -  13,126  13,000  -  13,000  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  29,425  -  29,425  29,425  -  29,425  Financial assets at FVTPL:  HFT investments  5,682  -  5,682  5,682  -  5,682  Derivative assets  906  334  1,240  906  334  1,240  Total financial assets at FVTPL  6,588  334  6,922  6,588  334  6,922  Financial assets at FVTOCI  1,705  78,964  80,669  1,705  78,919  80,624  Investment securities at amortized cost  4,985  16,852  21,837  4,985  16,852  21,837  Loans and receivables - at gross  211,313  256,533  467,846  211,285  256,496  467,781  Other assets  285  331  616  284  329  613  Total financial assets  345,902  353,014  698,916  345,747  352,930  698,677   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Forward)

<!-- image -->

| Consolidated  Parent Company  Within  One Year  Over  One Year  Total  Within  One Year  Over  One Year  Total  Non-financial Assets  Investments in subsidiaries and joint  ventures  P =  -  P  =1,540  P  =1,540  P =  -  P  = 3,523  P  = 3,523  Property and equipment  -  5,185  5,185  -  4,045  4,045  Investment properties  -  1,183  1,183  -  1,181  1,181  Deferred tax assets  -  5,246  5,246  -  5,214  5,214  Goodwill  -  842  842  -  842  842  Intangible assets  -  3,221  3,221  -  3,210  3,210  Other assets  309  2,437  2,746  310  2,212  2,522  Total non-financial assets  309  19,654  19,963  310  20,227  20,537  P  =346,211  P  =372,668  718,879  P  =346,057  P  =373,157  719,214  Less:  Allowance for credit losses  18,191  18,164  Unearned discounts and deferred  credits  1,071  1,071  Total Assets  P  =699,617  P  =699,979  Financial Liabilities  Deposit liabilities  P  =447,927  P  =75,662  P  =523,589  P  =449,811  P  =75,662  P  =525,473  Financial liabilities at FVTPL  1,285  -  1,285  1,285  -  1,285  Bills payable and SSURA  442  3,022  3,464  442  2,926  3,368  Acceptances payable  -  1,002  1,002  -  1,002  1,002  Margin deposits and cash letters  of credit  -  40  40  -  40  40  Manager's and certified checks  outstanding  4,221  -  4,221  4,221  -  4,221  Notes payable  13,467  15,254  28,721  13,467  15,254  28,721  Accrued interest, taxes and other  expenses  2,109  440  2,549  2,063  440  2,503  Other liabilities  4,365  939  5,304  3,224  938  4,162  Total financial liabilities  473,816  96,359  570,175  474,513  96,262  570,775  Non-financial Liabilities  Income tax payable  86  -  86  66  -  66  Accrued interest, taxes and other  expenses  348  -  348  329  -  329  Other liabilities  3,301  637  3,938  3,100  643  3,743  Total non-financial liabilities  3,735  637  4,372  3,495  643  4,138  Total Liabilities  P  =477,551  P  =96,996  P  =574,547  P  =478,008  P  =96,905  P  =574,913   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26. Equity

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Parent Company's capital stock consists of:

| Shares*  Amount  Common stock - P  =10 par value  Authorized  1,000,000,000  P  =10,000,000  Issued and outstanding  Balance at the beginning and end of the  period  753,538,887  7,535,389  Preferred stock - P  =0.10 par value  Authorized  1,000,000,000  100,000  Issued and outstanding  Balance at the beginning and end of the period  1,000,000,000  100,000  1,753,538,887  P  =7,635,389   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Absolute number of shares

<!-- image -->

On November 26, 2013, the Parent Company's stockholders approved and authorized the following:

1. Creation of 1.0 billion non-cumulative, non-participating, non-convertible voting Preferred Stock with par value of P =0.1 each and issuance of approximately 602.8 million of such Preferred Stock; and
2. Increase in authorized capital stock from P =10.0 billion to P =10.1 billion broken down into P =10.0 billion Common Stock and P =100.0 million Preferred Stock.

The Preferred Stock was offered to eligible common stockholders, with each eligible stockholder entitled to subscribe to one voting preferred share for every one common stock held as of the record date, June 16, 2014.

On July 10, 2014, the Parent Company issued 602,831,109 non-cumulative, non-participating, nonconvertible Preferred Stock with P =0.1 par value.  The dividend rate is 3.9% repricing every 10 years. The Preferred Stock is redeemable at the sole option of the Parent Company at its issue price. Redemption shall at all times be subject to regulation of the BSP and shall require (i) prior approval of the BSP; (ii) replacement with at least an equivalent amount of newly paid-in shares; (iii) a lapse of at least five (5) years from the date of issuance; and (iv) solvency of the Parent Company. Redemption shall not be allowed when the Parent Company is insolvent or if such redemption will cause insolvency, impairment of capital or inability of the Parent Company to meet its debts as they mature.

A sinking fund for the redemption of Preferred Shares amounting P =100.0 million is created upon their issuance, to be effected by the transfer of free surplus to a restricted surplus account and shall not be available for dividend distribution.

Details of the Parent Company's cash dividend distribution follow:

| Dividend  Shares  Date of declaration  Per share  Total amounts  in thousands  Record date  Payment date  Common  October 25, 2022  P  =1.50  P  =1,130,308  November 10, 2022  November 24, 2022  Common  March 29, 2022  1.50  1,130,308  April 12, 2022  April 28, 2022  Preferred  February 22, 2022  0.0039  2,351  June 27, 2022  July 11, 2022  Preferred  February 22, 2022  0.0048  1,908  March 18, 2022  April 1, 2022  Common  October 26, 2021  1.50  1,130,308  November 10, 2021  November 24, 2021  Common  March 20, 2021  1.00  753,539  April 16, 2021  April 29, 2021  Common  March 20, 2021  0.5000  376,770  April 16, 2021  April 29, 2021  Preferred  February 23, 2021  0.0039  2,351  June 28, 2021  July 12, 2021  Preferred  February 23, 2021  0.0048  1,908  March 18, 2021  April 5, 2021  Common  October 27, 2020  1.00  753,539  November 11, 2020  November 26, 2020  Common  October 27, 2020  0.5000  376,769  November 11, 2020  November 26, 2020  Common  March 21, 2020  1.00  753,539  April 16, 2020  April 30, 2020  Common  March 21, 2020  0.5000  376,770  April 16, 2020  April 30, 2020  Preferred  February 21, 2020  0.0039  2,351  June 26, 2020  July 10, 2020  Preferred  February 21, 2020  0.0048  1,908  March 18, 2020  April 1, 2020   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The computation of surplus available for dividend declaration in accordance with SEC Memorandum Circular No. 11 issued in December 2008 differs to a certain extent from the computation following BSP guidelines including capital adequacy requirements and other considerations such as general loan loss reserves.  However, on September 17, 2015, the BSP through MB Resolution No. 1516, allowed banks to declare and pay dividends without prior BSP verification provided that prequalification criteria including capital adequacy requirements are met.

<!-- image -->

The track record of the Parent Company's registration of securities in compliance with the Securities Regulation Code Rule 68 Annex 68-D 1(I) follows:

## a. Authorized Shares

| Date of SEC Approval  Type of Shares  Authorized Number of Shares*  April 8, 2014  Preferred  1,000,000,000  November 11, 2013  Common  1,000,000,000  July 29, 1998  Common  600,000,000  February 19, 1997  Common  450,000,000  June 8, 1995  Common  200,000,000  * Absolute number of shares   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b. Stock Dividends

| Date of BSP Approval  Percentage  July 11, 2013  20.00%  March 29, 2011  20.00%  May 26, 1998  13.75%  April 29, 1997  20.00%  March 26, 1996  20.00%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## c. Stock Rights Offering

| Date of SEC Approval  Number of shares Registered*  Offer Price  October 8, 2009  89,285,714  P  =28.00 per share  February 19, 1997  65,037,768  25.00 per share  *Absolute number of shares   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## d. Number of Shareholders

| Year End  Number of shareholders  December 31, 2022  2,151  December 31, 2021  2,154  December 31, 2020  2,157   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In the consolidated financial statements, a portion of the Group's surplus corresponding to the accumulated net earnings of the subsidiaries amounting to P =383.6 million and P =364.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is not available for dividend declaration.  This accumulated equity in net earnings becomes available for dividend declaration upon receipt of dividends from the investees, subject also to SEC and BSP rules on dividend declaration.

Surplus reserves of the Group and the Parent Company consist of:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Reserve for regulatory requirements  P  =3,967,265  P  =2,347,700  P  =3,967,265  P  =2,308,056  Reserve for self-insurance  1,015,500  2,120,200  1,015,500  2,120,200  Reserve for trust business  383,706  355,118  383,706  355,118  Reserve for redemption of  preferred stock  100,000  100,000  100,000  100,000  P  =5,466,471  P  =4,923,018  P  = 5,466,471  P  =4,883,374   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

In compliance with existing BSP regulations, 10.0% of the net profits realized by the Parent Company from its trust business is appropriated to surplus reserve.  The yearly appropriation is required until the surplus reserve for trust business equals 20.0% of the Parent Company's regulatory capital.

To comply with Securities Regulation Code Rule 49.1 (B), Reserve Fund, requiring broker dealers to annually appropriate a certain minimum percentage of its audited profit after tax as reserve fund, a portion of the Group's surplus corresponding to the net earnings of SBEI amounting to P =39.5 million and P =39.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, has been appropriated in the consolidated financial statements and is not available for dividend declaration.

The following table shows the components of comprehensive income closed to Surplus:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Net income attributable  to the equity holders  of the Parent Company  P  =10,555,599  P  =6,916,970  P  =7,432,256  P  =10,561,008  P  =6,938,503  P  =7,247,428  Remeasurement gains  (losses) on defined  benefit plans  (Notes 15 and 29)  (138,577)  413,246  (645,329)  (138,577)  413,246  (645,329)  P  =10,417,022  P  =7,330,216  P  =6,786,927  P  =10,422,431  P  =7,351,749  P  =6,602,099   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Capital Management

The Group considers the equity attributable to the equity holders of the Parent Company as the capital base of the Group.  The primary objectives of the Group's capital management are to ensure that it complies with capital requirements and that it maintains strong credit ratings and healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and to maximize shareholders value.

The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of its activities and assessment of prospective business requirements or directions.  In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount and mode of dividend payment to shareholders, issue capital securities or undertake a share buy-back. No changes were made in the objectives, policies and processes from the previous year.

The Parent Company adopted a dividend policy that is intended to support the Bank to weather the uncertainties and volatilities in the market; comply with the higher requirements of Basel III and the BSP; maintain strong credit ratings; minimize the need for capital calls in the medium-term; and provide a capital base for business expansion that will create value over the long-term for all stakeholders.  In declaring dividend pay-outs,  may use a combination of regular and special dividends such that the dividend pay-out for Common Shares generally may range from 15% to 30% of prior year's NIAT.

## BSP Reporting

## Regulatory Qualifying Capital

Under existing BSP regulations, the determination of the compliance with regulatory requirements and ratios is based on the amount of the 'unimpaired capital' (regulatory net worth) as reported to the BSP, which is determined on the basis of regulatory accounting policies that differ from PFRS in some respects.

<!-- image -->

The  Group  complied  with  BSP  Circular  No.  781, Basel  III  Implementing  Guidelines  on  Minimum Capital Requirements , which provides the implementing guidelines on the revised risk based capital adequacy framework particularly on the minimum capital and disclosure requirements for universal banks and commercial banks, as well as their subsidiary banks and quasi banks, in accordance with the Basel III standards:

| Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio  6.00%  Tier 1 Capital ratio  7.50%  Total Capital Adequacy Ratio (CAR)  10.00%  Capital Conservation Buffer *  2.50%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* composed of CET1 capital on top of the minimum CET1 requirement

BSP Circular No. 856 covers the implementing guidelines on the framework for dealing with domestic systemically important banks (DSIBs) in accordance with the Basel III standards. Banks identified as DSIBs shall be required to have higher loss absorbency, on top of the minimum CET1 capital and capital conservation buffer. Compliance with this requirement was phased in starting January 1, 2017, with full compliance on January 1, 2019.

Qualifying capital and risk-weighted assets (RWA) are computed based on BSP regulations. Under Basel III, the regulatory qualifying capital of the Parent Company consists of CET1 capital, which comprises paid-up common stock, additional paid-in capital, retained earnings including current year profit, retained earnings reserves, OCI and non-controlling interest less required regulatory deductions. The other component of regulatory capital is Tier 2 (supplementary) capital, which includes unsecured subordinated debts and general loan loss provision. RWA consist of total assets excluding cash on hand, due from BSP, loans covered by hold-out on or assignment of deposits, loans or acceptances under letters of credit to the extent covered by margin deposits and other non-risk items determined by the Monetary Board (MB) of the BSP. Operational RWA are computed using the Basic Indicator Approach.

The CAR of the Group and of the Parent Company as reported to the BSP as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 follow:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Tier 1 Capital  P  =120,397,856  P  =122,044,007  P  =120,397,856  P  =122,044,007  Less Required deductions  15,286,081  14,519,442  18,509,954  17,481,696  105,111,775  107,524,565  101,887,902  104,562,311  Excess from Tier 2 deducted to Tier 1 Capital*  -  -  -  -  Net Tier 1 Capital  105,111,775  107,524,565  101,887,902  104,562,311  Tier 2 Capital  3,191,713  3,736,478  3,191,535  3,736,317  Less: Required deductions  -  -  -  -  3,191,713  3,736,478  3,191,535  3,736,317  Excess of Tier 2 deducted to Tier 1 Capital*  -  -  -  -  Net Tier 2 Capital  3,191,713  3,736,478  3,191,535  3,736,317  Total Qualifying Capital  P  =108,303,488  P  =111,261,043  P  =105,079,437  P  =108,298,628  Credit Risk-Weighted Assets  P  =582,441,067  P  =497,852,003  P  =579,379,526  495,306,896  Market Risk-Weighted Assets  7,257,879  7,615,872  7,257,875  7,615,870  Operational Risk-Weighted Assets  62,891,089  57,745,561  60,413,586  55,129,340  Total Risk Weighted Assets  P  =652,590,035  P  =563,213,436  P  =647,050,987  P  =558,052,106  CET 1 Ratio  16.11%  19.09%  15.75%  18.74%  Tier 1 CAR  16.11%  19.09%  15.75%  18.74%  Total CAR  16.60%  19.75%  16.24%  19.41%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Deductions to Tier 2 Capital are capped at its total gross amount and any excess shall be deducted from Tier 1 Capital.

<!-- image -->

The Group and its individually regulated operations have complied with all externally imposed capital requirements throughout the year.

The Bank Viability Assessment Process supplements the BSP's risk-based capital adequacy framework. In compliance with this, the Group has adopted and developed its Internal Capital and Liquidity Assessment frameworks to ensure that appropriate level and quality of capital and liquidity are maintained by the Group. Under these frameworks, the assessment of risks extends beyond the Pillar 1 set of credit, market and operational risks and onto other risks deemed material by the Group. The level and structure of capital are assessed and determined in light of the Group's business environment, plans, performance, risks and budget as well as regulatory edicts.

## Basel III Leverage Ratio (BLR)

BSP Circular Nos. 881 and 990 cover the implementing guidelines on the BLR framework designed to act as a supplementary measure to the risk based capital requirements and shall not be less than 5.00%.

The details of the BLR as reported to the BSP, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 follow:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Tier 1 Capital  P =105,111,775  P  =107,524,565  P =101,887,902  P  =104,562,311  Exposure Measure  904,525,595  718,951,897  901,429,237  716,345,755  BLR  11.62%  14.96%  11.30%  14.60%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Under the framework, BLR is defined as the capital measure divided by the exposure measure. Capital measure is Tier 1 capital. Exposure measure is the sum of on balance sheet exposures, derivative exposures, security financing exposures and off balance sheet items.

## Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)

BSP Circular No. 905 provides the implementing guidelines on LCR and disclosure standards that are consistent with the Basel III framework. The LCR is the ratio of high quality liquid assets to total net cash outflows which should not be lower than 100.00%. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the LCR in single currency as reported to the BSP, was at 144.23% and 149.50%, respectively, for the Group, and 142.78% and 147.86%, respectively, for the Parent Company.

## Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)

On June 6, 2018, the BSP issued BSP Circular No.1007 covering the implementing guidelines on the adoption of the Basel III Framework on Liquidity Standards NSFR. The NSFR is aimed to promote long term resilience against liquidity risk by requiring banks to maintain a stable funding profile in relation to the composition of its assets and off balance sheet activities. It complements the LCR, which promotes short term resilience of a bank's liquidity profile. Banks shall maintain an NSFR of at least 100% at all times.  As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the NSFR as reported to the BSP, was at 121.80% and 138.48%, respectively, for the Group, and 121.85%% and 138.41%, respectively, for the Parent Company.

## 27. Trust Operations

Securities and other properties held by the Parent Company in a fiduciary or agency capacity for clients and beneficiaries are not included in the accompanying statements of financial position since these are not assets of the Parent Company.

<!-- image -->

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, government securities included under 'Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income' with a total face value of P =1.0 billion and P =845.0 million, respectively, were deposited with the BSP in compliance with the requirements of the General Banking Law relative to the Parent Company's trust functions (see Note 12).

## 28. Income Taxes

Provision for (benefit from) income tax consists of:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Current:  Final  P  =1,060,856  P  =747,213  P  =454,392  P  =1,056,722  P  =745,932  P  =442,168  Corporate - RCIT  1,488,709  565,229  1,602,575  1,425,117  530,622  1,582,401  Corporate - MCIT  1,709  239  155,113  -  -  -  2,551,274  1,312,681  2,212,080  2,481,839  1,276,554  2,024,569  Deferred  778,266  2,031,929  (5,391,011)  774,271  2,009,584  (4,952,446)  P  =3,329,540  P  =3,344,610  (P  =3,178,931)  P  =3,256,110  P  =3,286,138  (P  =2,927,877)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's provision for income tax - current represents final tax, RCIT of the Parent Company's RBU and SBCIC; and MCIT of SBRC, SBEI, SBCC, SBFI and other subsidiaries.

Under Philippine tax laws, the Parent Company and its financial intermediary subsidiaries are subject to percentage and other taxes (presented as 'Taxes and licenses' in the statements of income) as well as income taxes.  Percentage and other taxes paid consist principally of documentary stamp tax and gross receipts tax.

President Rodrigo Duterte signed into law on March 26, 2021 the Corporate Recovery and Tax Incentives for Enterprises (CREATE).  Republic Act (RA) 11534 or the CREATE Act introduces reforms to the corporate income tax and incentives systems. It took effect on April 11, 2021.

The following are the key changes to the Philippine tax law pursuant to the CREATE Act which have an impact to the Group and to the Parent Company:

-  Effective July 1, 2020, regular corporate income tax (RCIT) rate is reduced from 30% to 25% for domestic and resident foreign corporations. For domestic corporations with net taxable income not exceeding P =5.0 million and with total assets not exceeding P =100.0 million (excluding land on which the business entity's office, plant and equipment are situated) during the taxable year, the RCIT rate is reduced to 20%.
-  Effective July 1, 2020, interest expense allowed as a deductible expense is reduced to 20.0% from 33% of interest income subject to final tax.
-  Minimum corporate income tax (MCIT) rate reduced from 2% to 1% of gross income effective July 1, 2020 to June 30, 2023.
-  Imposition of improperly accumulated earnings tax (IAET) is repealed.
-  Applying the provisions of the CREATE Act, the Group and the Parent Company is subject to lower regular corporate income tax rate of 25% effective July 1, 2020.

<!-- image -->

-  Based on the provisions of Revenue Regulations (RR) No. 5-2021 dated April 8, 2021 issued by the BIR, the prorated corporate income tax rate of the Group and the Parent Company for the year 2020 is 27.5%. This will result in a lower provision for current income tax for the year ended December 31, 2020 by P =171.5 million.  The reduced amounts were reflected in the Group's and Parent Company's 2020 annual income tax return.  However, for financial reporting purposes, the changes are recognized in the 2021 financial statements.

In 2021, this also resulted to a write-down of the deferred tax assets and liabilities of the Group and Parent Company recognized as of December 31, 2020 by P =1.2 billion.  This is recognized as provision for income tax - deferred expense in the 2021 financial statements.

Republic Act (RA) No. 9294, which became effective in May 2004, provides that the income derived by the FCDU from foreign currency transactions with non-residents, offshore banking units (OBUs), and local commercial banks, including branches of foreign banks, is tax-exempt while interest income on foreign currency-denominated loans from residents other than OBUs or other depository banks under the expanded system is subject to 10.0% income tax.

Components of net deferred tax assets follow:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Deferred tax assets on:  Allowance for credit and impairment  losses  P  =4,072,533  P  =4,545,096  P  =4,063,776  P  =4,537,814  Lease liability  385,665  366,828  383,414  363,664  Unrealized loss on investment in debt  securities  462,004  34,403  462,004  34,403  Unrealized loss on derivative liabilities  280,718  307,357  280,718  307,357  Accrued expenses  313,372  303,257  310,525  300,514  Unamortized past service cost  210,177  241,160  206,424  238,056  Undrawn commitments  68,614  174,761  68,614  174,761  Accumulated depreciation on  investment properties  73,960  60,520  73,960  60,520  Others  55,996  52,218  35,305  21,086  5,923,039  6,085,600  5,884,740  6,038,175  Deferred tax liabilities on:  Right-of-use asset  396,077  372,708  394,389  370,368  Unrealized gain on derivative assets  491,420  268,372  491,420  268,372  Retirement asset  53,002  108,560  47,934  103,311  Unrealized gain on financial assets at  FVTOCI  44,182  2,691  44,041  -  Accrued rent income  4,189  5,109  568  568  Others  83,065  81,905  83,065  81,905  1,071,935  839,345  1,061,417  824,524  Net deferred tax assets  P  =4,851,104  P  =5,246,255  P  =4,823,323  P  =5,213,651   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movement in net deferred tax assets in 2022 and 2021 charged against statement of comprehensive income amounted to P =383.9 million and P =33.9 million, respectively.

<!-- image -->

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred tax assets of the Group and Parent-FCDU have not been recognized in respect of the deductible temporary differences follow:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  NOLCO  P  =434,595  P  =123,382  P  =296,898  P  =-  MCIT  1,872  2,501  -  -  Allowance for credit and impairment  losses  886  -  -  P  =437,353  P  =125,883  P  =296,898  P  =-   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the MCIT credits follow:

| Consolidated  Inception Year  Amount  Expired  Balance  Expiry Year  2019  P  =1,505  P  =1,505  P  =-  2022  2020  969  -  969  2023  2021  381  -  381  2024  2022  1,709  -  1,709  2025  P  =4,564  P  =1,505  P  =3,059   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On September 30, 2020, the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) issued Revenue Regulations No. 25-2020 implementing Section 4(bbbb) of Bayanihan to Recover as One Act which states that the NOLCO incurred for taxable years 2020 and 2021 can be carried over and claimed as a deduction from gross income for the next five (5) consecutive taxable years immediately following the year of such loss.

As of December 31, 2022, the Group have available NOLCO which can be claimed as deduction from the regular taxable income for the next three (3) consecutive taxable years immediately following the year of such loss. Details as follows:

| Consolidated  Inception Year  Amount  Used/Expired  Balance  Expiry Year  2019  P  =47,088  P  =47,088  P  =-  2022  2022  364,379  -  364,379  2025  P  =411,467  P  =47,088  P  =364,379   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Parent Company  Inception Year  Amount  Used/Expired  Balance  Expiry Year  2022  P  =296,898  P  =-  P  =296,898  2025   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022, the Subsidiaries have incurred NOLCO in taxable years 2020 and 2021 which can be claimed as deduction from the regular taxable income for the next five (5) consecutive taxable years pursuant to Bayanihan 2, as follows:

| Consolidated  Inception Year  Amount  Used/Expired  Balance  Expiry Year  2020  P  =39,438  P  =-  P  =39,438  2025  2021  53,149  -  53,149  2026  P  =92,587  P  =-  P  =92,587   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

A reconciliation between the applicable statutory income tax rate to the effective income tax rate follows:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Statutory income tax rate  25.00%  25.00%  30.00%  25.00%  25.00%  30.00%  Tax effect of:  FCDU net income  -0.36%  -2.85%  -85.02%  -0.37%  -2.86%  -83.71%  Non-deductible expenses  2.77%  2.23%  5.28%  2.78%  1.91%  5.49  Interest income from tax-paid  and exempt investments  -2.03%  -1.79%  -5.37%  -2.04%  -1.79%  -5.13%  CREATE Impact  -  10.07%  -  10.04%  Change in deferred tax assets  0.12%  1.91%  0.45%  0.04%  1.74%  0.25%  Non-taxable income  -1.52%  -1.98%  -20.08%  -1.84%  -1.90%  -14.68%  Effective income tax rate  23.98%  32.59%  -74.74%  23.57%  32.14%  -67.78%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29. Pension Obligations

The Group provides non-contributory defined benefit pension plans for all employees.  Provisions for pension obligations are established for benefits payable in the form of retirement pensions.  Benefits are dependent on years of service and the respective employee's final compensation.  The most recent actuarial valuation was carried out as of December 31, 2022 .  The present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the related current service cost and past service cost were measured using the projected unit credit actuarial method.

The amounts of defined benefit plans are presented in the statements of financial position as follows:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Other assets (Note 18)  (P  =200,867)  (P  =415,983)  (P  =191,736)  (P  =413,246)  Accrued interest, taxes and other expenses  (Note 24)  5,167  10,637  -  -  Net pension liability (asset)  (P  =195,700)  (P  =405,346)  (P  =191,736)  (P  =413,246)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Changes in net defined benefit liability of the Group and the Parent Company in 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| Consolidated  Present Value  of DBO  Fair Value of  Plan Assets  Net Retirement  Liability (Asset)  December 31, 2022  Balance at beginning of year  P  =4,173,215  (P  =4,578,561)  (P  =405,346)  Net Benefit Cost in Statements of Income  Current service cost  295,716  3,445  299,161  Net interest  198,780  (219,539)  (20,759)  494,496  (216,094)  278,402  Benefits paid  (245,655)  245,655  -  Remeasurement in Other Comprehensive  Income  Return on plan assets (excluding amount  included in net interest)  -  296,938  296,938  Actuarial changes arising from experience  adjustments  94,542  -  94,542  Actuarial changes arising from changes in  financial assumptions  (252,903)  -  (252,903)  (158,361)  296,938  138,577  Transferred (liability)/asset  (22,123)  22,123  -  Contributions paid  -  (207,333)  (207,333)  Balance at end of year  P  =4,241,572  (P  =4,437,272)  (P  =195,700)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

December 31, 2021

Balance at beginning of year

Net Benefit Cost in Statements of Income

Current service cost

Net interest

Benefits paid

Remeasurement in Other Comprehensive

Income

Return on plan assets (excluding amount included in net interest)

Actuarial changes arising from experience adjustments

Actuarial changes arising from changes in financial assumptions

Contributions paid

Balance at end of year

Present Value of DBO

P

=4,370,666

346,638

152,618

499,256

(289,366)

-

237,126

(644,467)

(407,341)

-

P

=4,173,215

Consolidated

Fair Value of

Plan Assets

(P

=3,718,241)

-

(129,835)

(129,835)

289,366

(5,905)

-

-

(5,905)

(1,013,946)

(P

=4,578,561)

Net Retirement

Liability (Asset)

P

=652,425

346,638

22,783

369,421

-

(5,905)

237,126

(644,467)

(413,246)

(1,013,946)

(P

=405,346)

| Parent Company  Present Value  of DBO  Fair Value of  Plan Assets  Net Retirement  Liability (Asset)  December 31, 2022  Balance at beginning of year  P =4,120,996  (P  =4,534,242)  (P  =413,246)  Net benefit cost in statements of income  Current service cost  303,831  -  303,831  Net interest  196,747  (217,645)  (20,898)  500,578  (217,645)  282,933  Benefits paid  (240,675)  240,675  -  Remeasurement in other comprehensive  income  Return on plan assets (excluding amount  included in net interest)  -  296,938  296,938  Actuarial changes arising from  experience adjustments  94,542  -  94,542  Actuarial changes arising from changes  in financial assumptions  (252,903)  -  (252,903)  (158,361)  296,938  138,577  Transferred (liability)/asset  (22,123)  22,123  -  Contributions paid  -  (200,000)  (200,000)  Balance at end of year  P =4,200,415  (P  =4,392,151)  (P  =191,736)  December 31, 2021  Balance at beginning of year  P  =4,325,982  (P  =3,680,654)  P  =645,328  Net benefit cost in statements of income  Current service cost  340,744  -  340,744  Net interest  150,977  (128,455)  22,522  491,721  (128,455)  363,266  Benefits paid  (289,366)  289,366  -  Remeasurement in other comprehensive  income  Return on plan assets (excluding amount  included in net interest)  -  (5,905)  (5,905)  Actuarial changes arising from  experience adjustments  237,126  -  237,126  Actuarial changes arising from changes  in financial assumptions  (644,467)  -  (644,467)  (407,341)  (5,905)  (413,246)  Contributions paid  (1,008,594)  (1,008,594)  Balance at end of year  P  =4,120,996  (P  =4,534,242)  (P  =413,246)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The fair value of plan assets by each class as at the end of the reporting period follow:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Amount  %  Amount  %  Amount  %  Amount  %  Debt instruments:  Government Securities  P  =1,667,400  P  =1,772,468  P  =1,647,074  P  =1,755,163  High Grade  375,105  308,202  364,073  300,222  2,042,505  45.9  2,080,670  45.0  2,011,147  45.7  2,055,385  44.9  Equity instruments:  Financial intermediaries  1,466,562  1,154,876  1,463,928  1,151,601  Real estate  317,615  381,686  317,615  381,686  Transport, storage and  communication  128,039  287,272  128,039  287,272  Power, electricity and water  distribution  82,015  147,106  82,015  146,591  Manufacturing  55,899  140,744  55,899  140,744  Wholesale/Retail Trade  19,110  34,026  19,110  34,026  Others  102,878  69,757  102,878  69,757  2,172,118  48.8  2,215,467  47.9  2,169,484  49.3  2,211,677  48.3  Deposits in banks  7,498  0.2  115,761  2.5  5,060  0.1  111,865  2.4  Investments in Unit Investment  Trust Funds  68,750  1.5  34,394  0.7  55,000  1.2  24,003  0.5  Loans and other receivables:  Government Securities  28,772  27,972  28,664  27,853  High Grade  2,492  2,479  2,408  2,432  Not rated  125,074  151,472  130,248  150,613  156,338  3.6  181,923  3.9  161,320  3.7  180,898  3.9  Total fund asset  4,447,209  100.0  4,628,215  100.0  4,402,011  100.0  4,583,828  100.0  Total fund liability  (9,937)  (49,654)  (9,860)  (49,586)  Net fund asset  P  =4,437,272  P  =4,578,561  P  =4,392,151  P  =4,534,242   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All equity and debt instruments held have quoted prices in an active market.  The remaining plan assets do not have quoted market prices in active market.  The plan assets consist of diverse investments and is not exposed to any concentration risk.

The principal actuarial assumptions used in determining retirement liability of the Parent Company and some of its subsidiaries as of January 1, 2022 and 2021 are shown below:

| 2022  2021  Average  Duration of  Benefit  Payments  Salary Rate  Increase  Discount  Rate  Average  Duration of  Benefit  Payments  Salary Rate  Increase  Discount  Rate  Parent Company  10  5%  4.80%  9  6%  3.49%  SBCIC  16  5%  4.98%  13  6%  3.68%  SBEI  13  5%  4.84%  9  6%  3.66%  SBRC  17  5%  5.00%  16  6%  3.73%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Discount rates used in computing for the present value of the obligation of the Parent Company and significant subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 follow:

| Parent  Company  SBCIC  SBEI  SBRC  2022  6.97%  7.12%  7.07%  7.16%  2021  4.80%  4.98%  4.84%  5.00%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The sensitivity analysis as of December 31, 2022  shown below has been determined based on reasonably possible changes of each significant assumption on the defined benefit obligation as of the end of the reporting period, assuming all other assumptions were held constant:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  Increase  (decrease)  Amount  Increase  (decrease)  Amount  Discount rates  1.00%  (P  =198,720)  1.00%  (P  =196,243)  (1.00%)  234,404  (1.00%)  231,498  Turnover rate  10.00%  40,836  10.00%  40,649  (10.00%)  (40,836)  (10.00%)  (40,649)  Future salary increases  1.00%  234,292  1.00%  231,381  (1.00%)  (205,773)  (1.00%)  (203,194)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Shown below is the maturity analysis of the undiscounted benefit payments:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Less than 1 year  P  =1,502,328  P  =1,293,234  P  =1,490,107  P  =1,282,303  More than 1 year to 5 years  1,736,427  1,519,034  1,723,404  1,509,060  More than 5 years to 10 years  2,590,186  2,429,169  2,573,877  2,406,149  More than 10 years to 15 years  2,537,849  2,021,417  2,486,666  1,988,843  More than 15 years to 20 years  6,282,376  4,891,015  6,060,791  4,747,851  Total  P  =14,649,166  P  =12,153,869  P  =14,334,845  P  =11,934,206   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There are no reimbursement rights recognized as a separate asset as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Group and Parent Company expect to contribute to the defined benefit retirement plans the required funding for normal cost in 2023 amounting to P =99.3 million and P =92.2 million, respectively.

## 30. Service Charges, Fees and Commissions

This account consists of service charges, fees and commissions on:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Credit cards  P  =1,629,562  P  =1,244,673  P  =1,077,643  P  = 1,629,562  P  =1,244,673  P  =1,077,643  Bancassurance  852,355  817,104  727,070  852,355  817,104  727,070  Deposits  801,867  719,763  697,110  801,867  719,763  697,110  Loans  573,935  688,878  593,467  573,935  688,878  571,701  Advisory  372,564  236,702  140,352  -  -  -  Stock brokerage  210,994  265,749  194,776  17,546  -  -  Remittance  29,992  15,256  11,671  29,992  15,256  11,671  Miscellaneous (Note 15)  813,706  542,730  190,162  813,706  542,730  189,399  P  =5,284,975  P  =4,530,855  P  =3,632,251  P  =4,718,963  P  =4,028,404  P  =3,274,594   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2014, the Parent Company entered into a distribution agreement with FWD for the marketing of FWD's life insurance products through the Parent Company's marketing and distribution network. The distribution agreement was approved by the BSP on December 22, 2014 under Monetary Board Resolution No. 2073, through its letter to the Parent Company dated January 7, 2015, and by the Insurance Commission on January 12, 2015.  The term of the distribution agreement shall not be less than 11 years but no longer than 19 years.

<!-- image -->

Bancassurance revenues include recognized portion of access fees, recognized portion of milestone fees, commissions and bonuses from the Bancassurance agreement.  The Parent Company may also receive milestone fees and performance bonuses over the term of the agreement.

Miscellaneous include service charges on bills payment amounting to P =30.7 million, P =32.4 million and P =30.21 million for the period ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Commission on insurance amounting to P =91.9 million, P =103.4 million, P =61.9 million for the period ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

## 31. Miscellaneous Income and Expenses

Miscellaneous income consists of:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Recovery on charged-off assets  P =1,323,974  P  =948,405  P  =262,383  P =1,322,398  P  =948,405  P  =262,383  Income from trust operations  285,884  280,204  226,947  285,884  280,204  226,947  Dividend income  3,573  3,344  9,585  1,612  3,344  9,585  Gain on sale of SBFI  -  -  933,108  -  -  933,108  Miscellaneous  270,439  221,116  261,177  196,194  170,765  34,692  P =1,883,870  P  =1,453,069  P  =1,693,200  P =1,806,088  P  =1,402,718  P  =1,466,715   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Miscellaneous expenses consists of:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Management and other  professional fees  P =2,712,662  P  =2,652,772  P  =1,590,113  P =2,545,042  P  =2,513,442  P  =1,463,592  Insurance expenses  1,332,073  1,197,850  1,208,622  1,326,078  1,191,211  1,197,616  Repairs and Maintenance  1,021,186  744,093  733,945  1,016,523  740,311  725,690  Entertainment, amusement and  recreation (Note 28)  859,299  447,948  474,305  854,072  444,358  461,193  Security, clerical, messengerial and  janitorial services  817,677  778,416  741,098  813,848  775,283  737,226  Advertising and publicity  519,830  339,440  419,636  518,402  337,699  355,298  Postage, telephone and cables and  telegrams  360,028  281,679  360,709  341,737  261,447  339,251  Litigation/assets acquired expenses  328,168  466,906  269,392  328,168  466,906  269,392  Banking fees  242,429  253,490  271,250  242,429  253,490  271,250  Stationery and supplies used  194,252  209,839  177,293  193,767  209,533  176,279  Donations and charitable  contributions  174,616  246,994  186,037  174,616  246,994  186,037  Information technology  111,832  43,457  622,693  111,832  43,457  622,693  Brokerage fees  22,124  20,357  25,922  22,124  20,357  25,922  Miscellaneous  577,758  465,248  202,450  463,912  357,184  155,781  P =9,273,934  P  =8,148,489  P  =7,283,465  P =8,952,550  P  =7,861,672  P  =6,987,220   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Miscellaneous expense includes travelling expenses amounting to P =75.4 million, P =58.3 million, and P =160.9 million for the Group and P =75.1 million, P =58.1 million, and P =159.1 million for the Parent Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.  It also includes athletics and other events amounting to P =37.1 million, P =47.5 million, and P =32.5 million for the Group and P =37.1 million, P =47.5 million, and P =32.5 million for the Parent Company, and fuel and lubricants amounting to P =50.3 million, P =36.1 million, and P =30.4 million for the Group and P =49.5 million, P =35.3 million, and P =29.9 million for the Parent Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

<!-- image -->

## 32. Related Party Transactions

Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions.  The Group's related parties include:

-  Key management personnel, close family members of key management personnel and entities which are controlled, significantly influenced by or for which significant voting power is held by key management personnel or their close family members;
-  Subsidiaries, joint ventures and their respective subsidiaries;
-  Entities under the same group (other affiliates); and
-  Post-employment benefit plans for the benefit of the Groups employees

The Group has several business relationships with related parties.  Transactions with such parties are made in the ordinary course of business and on substantially same terms, including interest and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other parties and are usually settled in cash.  These transactions also did not involve more than the normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable conditions.

Transactions of the Parent Company with Subsidiaries

| December 31, 2022  Category  Amount/  Volume  Outstanding  Balances  Terms and Conditions/ Nature  Loans and receivables  P  =1,201,194  Long term, unsecured, with interest ranging from 2.75% to 7.15%  Grants  P  =881,000  Settlements  755,000  Accrued interest receivable  7,796  Interest income and accrued interest receivable  Accounts receivable  3,120  On demand, unsecured, non-interest bearing  Deposit liabilities  1,713,961  Earns interest at the respective bank deposit rates  Deposits  136,765,977  Withdrawals  136,125,323  Accrued interest payable  -  Interest expense and accrued interest payable  Accounts payable  1,235  On demand, unsecured, non-interest bearing  Rent income  11,183  Lease of office spaces for periods ranging from 1 to 5 years  Rent expense  6,753  Lease of transportation equipment for 3 years  Other assets  3,306  Security deposits  Other liability  Security deposits   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## December 31, 2021

| Category  Amount/  Volume  Outstanding  Balances  Terms and Conditions/ Nature  Loans and receivables  P  =1,075,194  Long term, unsecured, with interest ranging from 1.25% to 3.50%  Grants  P  =786,611  Settlements  531,417  Accrued interest receivable  6,929  Interest income and accrued interest receivable  Accounts receivable  26,682  8,403  On demand, unsecured, non-interest bearing  Deposit liabilities  1,540,892  Earns interest at the respective bank deposit rates  Deposits  126,675,170  Withdrawals  126,665,763  Accrued interest payable  1,593  Interest expense and accrued interest payable  Accounts payable  43,019  On demand, unsecured, non-interest bearing  Rent income  9,360  Lease of office spaces for periods ranging from 1 to 5 years  Rent expense  12,653  Lease of transportation equipment for 3 years  Other assets  1,259  Security deposits  Other liability  2,047  Security deposits   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Accounts receivable from subsidiaries pertains to expenses paid by the Parent Company, which were later billed for reimbursement.  Accounts payable to SBCC pertains to collections received from credit cardholders on behalf of the Parent Company.

The Parent Company has lease agreements with some of its subsidiaries for periods ranging from 1 to 5 years.  The lease agreements include the share of the subsidiaries in the maintenance of the building.

The foregoing transactions were eliminated in the consolidated financial statements of the Group. Other related party transactions conducted in the normal course of business includes the following, as detailed in the Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) between the Parent Company and its subsidiaries:

-  Human resource-related services
-  Finance/accounting functions including audit
-  Collection services (for legal action)
-  Preparation of reports
-  Processing of credit application (for property appraisal and credit information)
-  General services
-  Legal documentation
-  Information technology related service

Expenses allocated to SBFI, SBML, SBCIC, SBEI, SBRC and SBCC pertaining to the above services amounted to P =113.3 million in 2022, P =185.8 million in 2021 and P =69.3 million in 2020.  The Parent Company has not charged expenses to the other subsidiaries since the levels of their operations remain low.

## Transaction of the Group with the Joint Ventures

| December 31, 2022  Category  Amount/  Volume  Outstanding  Balances  Terms and Conditions/ Nature  Receivables purchased  P =740,958  P =-  Assignment of rights on a without recourse basis  Collection Fee  -  3,402  Collection fee expense and prepaid collection fee,  equivalent to 0.2% of the selling price of the lease  receivables amortized over the lease term  Sale of loans  317,128  Sale of loans on a without recourse basis  Loans receivable:  3,135,972  2 to 3-year term; earns 3.5% to 6.25% interest  Grants  1,100,000  Settlement  1,182,097  Accrued interest receivable  126,563  5,151  Interest income and accrued interest receivable  Accounts receivable  -  16,214  Expenses advanced by the Parent Company and  outstanding accounts payable (on demand,  unsecured, non-interest bearing).  Deposit liabilities:  336,326  Earns interest at the respective bank deposit rates  Deposits  38,866,189  Withdrawals  39,005,759  Accrued interest payable  4,381  Interest expense and accrued interest payable   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| December 31, 2021  Category  Amount/  Volume  Outstanding  Balances  Terms and Conditions/ Nature  Receivables purchased  P  =181,555  P  =-  Assignment of rights on a without recourse basis  Collection Fee  -  1,020  Collection fee expense and prepaid collection fee,  equivalent to 0.2% of the selling price of the lease  receivables amortized over the lease term  Loans receivable:  3,218,069  2 to 3-year term; earns 3.30% to 7.20% interest  Grants  3,769,562  Settlement  1,822,502  Accrued interest receivable  113,099  6,044  Interest income and accrued interest receivable  Accounts receivable  -  5,124  Expenses advanced by the Parent Company and  outstanding accounts payable (on demand,  unsecured, non-interest bearing).  Deposit liabilities:  503,986  Earns interest at the respective bank deposit rates  Deposits  13,871,563  Withdrawals  13,445,056  Accrued interest payable  235  Interest expense and accrued interest payable   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022, 2021, and 2020, SBML sold various loans and lease receivables to the Parent Company with carrying amounts of P =716.0 million, P =224.0 million and P =138.3 million, respectively, and realized gains amounting to P =27.6 million, P =5.7 million and P =5.7 million, respectively.

The Parent Company's proportionate share in the gain on sale of lease receivables was eliminated in the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

## Transactions of the Parent Company with Other Affiliates

| December 31, 2022  Category  Amount/  Volume  Outstanding  Balances  Terms and Conditions/ Nature  Due from other banks  $714  Earns interest at the respective bank deposit rates  Deposits  $65,787  Withdrawals  65,179  Due from other banks  ¥442,528  Earns interest at the respective bank deposit rates  Deposits  ¥746,441,869  Withdrawals  746,394,655  Accounts receivable  P =6,275  Unsecured, noninterest bearing  Accrued interest receivable  P =105,689  P =991  Interest income and accrued interest receivable  Deposit liabilities  $912  Earns interest at the respective bank deposit rates  Deposits  $545  Withdrawals  350  Deposit liabilities  P =1,150,674  Earns interest at the respective bank deposit rates  Deposits  P =11,420,387  Withdrawals  10,822,526  Bills payable (USD)  $-  3 months - 3 years term; earns 2% to 5% interest  Availments  $-  Payments  157,026  Accrued interest payable  P =15  Interest expense and accrued   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| December 31, 2021  Category  Amount/  Volume  Outstanding  Balances  Terms and Conditions/ Nature  Due from other banks  $106  Earns interest at the respective bank deposit rates  Deposits  $75,737  Withdrawals  75,780  Due from other banks  ¥395,314  Earns interest at the respective bank deposit rates  Deposits  ¥31,468,516  Withdrawals  31,664,672  Accounts receivable  P =2,740  Unsecured, noninterest bearing  Accrued interest receivable  P  =77  P  =5  Interest income and accrued interest receivable  Deposit liabilities  $717  Earns interest at the respective bank deposit rates  Deposits  $544  Withdrawals  540  Deposit liabilities  P  =552,813  Earns interest at the respective bank deposit rates  Deposits  P  =9,148,987  Withdrawals  8,833,816  Bills payable (USD)  $  157,026  3 months - 3 years term; earns 2% to 5% interest  Availments  $  680,000  Payments  610,000  Accrued interest payable  P  =15  Interest expense and accrued  Deposit liabilities  P  =552,813  Earns interest at the respective bank deposit rates  Deposits  P  =9,148,987   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Transaction of the Group with another Related Party

As part of the Group's continuing support for worthwhile education and livelihood projects, it has made donations to SB Foundation, Inc. (SB Foundation), a non-stock, non-profit organization registered with the SEC and accredited by the Philippine Council for Non-Governmental Organization, as follows:

| Donor  2022  2021  Parent Company  P =140,855  P  =190,778  SBEI  -  7,000  Total  P =140,855  P  =197,778   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Parent Company also recognized trust fees amounting to P =0.7 and P =0.6 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, for acting as the Investment Manager of SB Foundation's fund.

## Transactions of the Group with Key Management Personnel

Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly.  The Group considers senior officers to constitute key management personnel.

| Consolidated  December 31, 2022  Category  Amount/  Volume  Outstanding  Balances  Terms and Conditions/ Nature  Deposit liabilities  P =26,914  P =372,991  Earns interest at respective bank deposit rates  Consolidated  December 31, 2021  Category  Amount/  Volume  Outstanding  Balances  Terms and Conditions/ Nature  Deposit liabilities  P  =251,463  P  =346,077  Earns interest at respective bank deposit rates   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Parent Company  December 31, 2022  Category  Amount/  Volume  Outstanding  Balances  Terms and Conditions/ Nature  Deposit liabilities  P =26,960  P =372,834  Earns interest at respective bank deposit rates  Parent Company  December 31, 2021  Category  Amount/  Volume  Outstanding  Balances  Terms and Conditions/ Nature  Deposit liabilities  P =251,445  P  =345,874  Earns interest at respective bank deposit rates   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Compensation of key management personnel follows:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Salaries and other short-term benefits  P  =366,486  P  =330,122  P  =281,691  P  =335,775  P  =298,059  P  =250,558  Post-employment benefits  14,876  8,268  11,674  14,876  7,811  10,705  P  =381,362  P  =338,390  P  =293,365  P  =350,651  P  =305,870  P  =261,263   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There are no agreements between the Group and any of its directors and key officers providing for benefits upon termination of employment, except for such benefits to which they may be entitled under the Group's retirement plan.

## Transactions of the Group with Retirement Plans

Under PFRS, certain post-employment benefit plans are considered as related parties.  The Parent Company has business relationships with a number of its retirement plans pursuant to which it provides trust and management services to these plans.  Income earned by the Parent Company from such services amounted to P =11.0 million and P =10.3 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair values of the plan assets of the Parent Company and some of its subsidiaries in the retirement funds amounted to P =4.4 billion and P =4.6 billion, respectively, of which  P =4.4 billion and P =4.5 billion, respectively, pertains to the Parent Company.

Relevant information on statements of financial position of carrying values of the Group and the Parent Company's retirement funds:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Debt instruments  P  =2,042,505  P  =2,080,670  P  =2,011,147  P  =2,055,385  Equity instruments  2,172,118  2,215,467  2,169,484  2,211,677  Deposits in banks  7,498  115,761  5,060  111,865  Loans and other receivables  156,338  181,923  161,320  180,898  Investments in Unit Investment  Trust Funds  68,750  34,394  55,000  24,003  Total Fund Assets  P  =4,447,209  P  =4,628,215  P  =4,402,011  P  =4,583,828  Total Fund Liability  P  =9,937  P  =49,654  P  =9,860  P  =49,586   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Debt instruments include government and private securities.

<!-- image -->

The Group's retirement funds may hold or trade the Parent Company's shares or securities. Significant transactions of the retirement fund, particularly with related parties, are approved by the Parent Company's Employees Retirement Plan Board of Trustees.  A summary of transactions with related party retirement plans follows (amounts in thousands except number of shares and market value per share):

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Dividend income  P  =83,624  P  =56,506  P  =83,440  P  =56,303  Number of Parent Company's  shares held by plan - common  3,232,170  163,127  3,232,170  163,127  Number of Parent Company's  shares held by plan - preferred  2,060,400  2,060,400  2,060,400  2,060,400  Market value per common share  P  =87.00  P  =119.00  P  =87.00  P  =119.00  Market value of common shares  P  =281,198,790  P  =19,412,113  P  =281,198,790  P  =19,412,113   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Voting rights over the Parent Company's shares are exercised by an authorized trust officer.

## 33. Long-term Leases

The   Group has entered into commercial property leases with various tenants on its investment property portfolio and part of its bank premises, consisting of the Group's surplus offices and real properties acquired.  These non-cancellable leases have remaining lease terms of between 1 and 5 years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.  Various lease contracts include escalation clauses, most of which bear an annual rent increase of 5.0%.  Rent income from long-term leases (included in 'Rent income' in the statements of income) amounted to P =631.1 million in 2022, P =570.2 million in 2021 and P =516.1 million in 2020 for the Group, of which, P =74.7 million in 2022, P =42.7 million in 2021 and P =30.4 million in 2020 pertain to the Parent Company (see Note 16).

Future minimum rental receivable under non-cancellable operating leases follow:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Within one year  P  =440,569  P  =354,335  P  =552  P  =8,841  After one year but not more than five years  373,938  258,425  37,550  27,008  More than five years  6,105  1,412  6,105  1,412  P  =820,612  P  =614,172  P  =44,207  P  =37,261   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Parent Company leases the premises occupied by some of its branches (about 14.24% of the branch sites are Parent Company-owned).  Some of its subsidiaries also lease the premises occupied by their head offices and most of their branches.  The lease contracts are for periods ranging from 1 to 15 years and are renewable at the Parent Company's option under certain terms and conditions. Various lease contracts include escalation clauses, most of which bear an annual rent increase of 5.0%.

## 34. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

In the normal course of operations of the Group, there are outstanding commitments and contingent liabilities and bank guarantees that are not reflected in the financial statements.  The Group does not anticipate losses that will materially affect its financial position and financial performance as a result of these transactions.

<!-- image -->

There are several suits, claims and assessments that remain unsettled.  Management believes, based on the opinion of its legal counsels, that the ultimate outcome of such cases and claims will not have a material effect on the Group's financial position and financial performance.

## Regulatory Reporting

The following is a summary of the Group's and of the Parent Company's commitments and contingent liabilities at their equivalent peso contractual amounts:

| 2022  2021  Trust department accounts  P =95,116,738  P  =83,799,624  Unutilized credit limit of credit cardholders  53,158,655  35,573,141  Unused commercial letters of credit  37,521,064  29,753,291  Committed loan line  32,470,332  22,580,878  Outstanding guarantees  899,839  1,406,821  Inward bills for collection  950,852  352,848  Outward bills for collection  422,970  83,436  Late deposit/payment received  587,806  37,753  Financial guarantees with commitment  27,968  32,774   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Changes in allowance for credit losses on financial guarantees, loan and other commitments of the Group and Parent Company follow (see Note 24):

| Stage 1  Stage 2  Total  ECL allowance as at January 1,  2022  P =410,651  P =288,730  P =699,381  Provision for credit losses  (Note 14)  (231,484)  (191,742)  (423,226)  Transfers to Stage 1  5,830  (5,830)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (123)  123  -  Foreign exchange and other  adjustment  1,567  -  1,567  P =186,441  P =91,281  P =277,722  Stage 1  Stage 2  Total  ECL allowance as at January 1,  2021  P  =192,682  P  =214,120  P  =406,802  Provision for credit losses  (Note 14)  394,395  (102,775)  291,620  Transfers to Stage 1  25,924  (25,924)  -  Transfers to Stage 2  (203,309)  203,309  -  Foreign exchange and other  adjustment  959  -  959  P  =410,651  P  =288,730  P  =699,381   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 35. Segment Information

The Group's operating businesses are recognized and managed separately according to the nature of services provided and the different markets served with each segment representing a strategic business unit.

The Group derives revenues from the following main operating business segments:

Financial Markets Segment - this segment focuses on providing money market, foreign exchange, financial derivatives, securities distribution, asset management, trust and fiduciary services, as well as the management of the funding operations for the Group.

Wholesale Banking Segment - this segment addresses the corporates, institutional, and public sector markets and commercial clients.  Services include relationship management, lending and other credit facilities, trade, cash management, deposit-taking and leasing services provided by the Group.  It also provides structured financing and advisory services relating to debt and equity capital raising, project financing, and mergers and acquisitions.  The Group's equity brokerage operations are also part of this segment.

Retail Banking Segment - this segment addresses the individual, retail and small businesses.  It covers deposit-taking and servicing, consumer loans, credit card facilities and bancassurance.

All Other Segments - this segment includes but not limited to branch banking and other support services.  Other operations of the Group comprise the operations and financial control groups.

Management monitors the operating results of its business units separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance management.  Segment assets are those operating assets that are employed by a segment in its operating activities and that either directly attributable to the segment or can be allocated to the segment on a  reasonable basis.  Segment liabilities are those operating liabilities that result from the operating activities of a segment and that either are directly attributable to the segment or can be allocated to the segment on a reasonable basis.

The Group's revenue-producing assets are located in the Philippines (i.e., one geographical location), therefore, geographical segment information is no longer presented.

The Group has no significant customers which contribute 10.0% or more of the consolidated revenue, net of interest expense.

The segment results include internal transfer pricing adjustments across business units as deemed appropriate by management.  Transactions between segments are conducted at estimated market rates on an arm's length basis.  Interest is charged/credited to the business units based on a pool rate which approximates the marginal cost of funds.

<!-- image -->

Segment information follows (amounts in millions):

| December 31, 2022  Financial  Markets  Wholesale  Banking  Retail  Banking  All Other  Segments  Elimination  Total  Statement of Income  Net interest income:  Third party  P  =2,693  P  =17,204  P  =9,337  P  =8  P  =4  P  =29,246  Intersegment  (1,477)  (5,656)  4,010  3,093  30  -  1,216  11,548  13,347  3,101  34  29,246  Noninterest income  1,309  1,978  7,099  280  (277)  10,389  Revenue - net of interest expense  2,525  13,526  20,446  3,381  (243)  39,635  Noninterest expense  1,913  9,020  14,754  17  46  25,750  Income before income tax  612  4,506  5,692  3,364  (289)  13,885  Provision/(benefit) for income tax  154  1,630  1,889  (343)  -  3,330  Net income for the year attributable to  the Parent Company  P  =458  P  =2,876  P  =3,803  P  =3,707  (P  =289)  P  =10,555  Statement of Financial Position  Total assets  P  =262,181  431,924  126,740  21,446  P  =-  P  =842,291  Total liabilities  P  =105,536  277,264  322,658  10,985  P  =-  P  =716,443  Other Segment Information  Capital expenditures  P  =9  P  =633  P  =1,169  P  =572  P  =-  P  =2,383  Depreciation and amortization  P  =10  P  =708  P  =1,308  P  =640  P  =-  P  =2,666  Provision for credit and impairment  losses  P  =1  P  =635  P  =1,273  P  =932  P  =-  P  =2,841   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  Financial  Markets  Wholesale  Banking  Retail  Banking  All Other  Segments  Elimination  Total  Statement of Income  Net interest income:  Third party  P  =939  P  =16,422  P  =10,064  P  =37  (P  =6)  P  =27,456  Intersegment  855  (5,687)  2,643  2,195  (6)  -  1,794  10,735  12,707  2,232  (12)  27,456  Noninterest income  2,453  1,021  6,310  (607)  178  9,355  Revenue - net of interest expense  4,247  11,756  19,017  1,625  166  36,811  Noninterest expense  1,757  11,997  12,064  734  (3)  26,549  Income before income tax  2,490  (241)  6,953  891  169  10,262  Provision/(benefit) for income tax  727  869  1,875  (108)  (18)  3,345  Net income for the year attributable to  the Parent Company  P  =1,763  (P  =1,110)  P  =5,078  P  =999  P  =187  P  =6,917  Statement of Financial Position  Total assets  P  =227,321  P  =345,467  P  =109,381  P  =17,448  P  =-  P  =699,617  Total liabilities  P  =70,819  P  =234,973  P  =260,044  P  =8,711  P  =-  P  =574,547  Other Segment Information  Capital expenditures  P  =13  P  =623  P  =917  P  =578  P  =-  P  =2,131  Depreciation and amortization  P  =13  P  =635  P  =935  P  =590  P  =-  P  =2,173  Provision for credit and impairment  losses  (P  =4)  P  =4,795  P  =1,168  (P  =694)  P  =-  P  =5,265   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| December 31, 2020  Financial  Markets  Wholesale  Banking  Retail  Banking  All Other  Segments  Elimination  Total  Statement of Income  Net interest income:  Third party  P  =980  P  =17,350  P  =12,284  P  =36  P =-  P  =30,650  Intersegment  71  (7,163)  3,488  3,604  -  -  1,051  10,187  15,772  3,640  -  30,650  Noninterest income  14,596  1,300  2,755  2,087  (1,015)  19,723  Revenue - net of interest expense  15,647  11,487  18,527  5,727  (1,015)  50,373  Noninterest expense  2,297  12,784  27,684  3,357  (2)  46,120  Income before income tax  13,350  (1,297)  (9,157)  2,370  (1,013)  4,253  Provision for income tax  562  (389)  (2,747)  (664)  59  (3,179)  Net income for the year attributable to  the Parent Company  P  =12,788  (P  =908)  (P  =6,410)  P  =3,034  (P  =1,072)  P  =7,432  Statement of Financial Position  Total assets  P  =183,347  P  =279,683  P  =177,109  P  =12,712  P =-  P  =652,851  Total liabilities  P  =90,414  P  =179,467  P  =251,826  P  =7,838  P =-  P  =529,545  Other Segment Information  Capital expenditures  P  =11  P  =465  P  =608  P  =341  P =-  P  =1,425  Depreciation and amortization  P  =15  P  =656  ₱  787  P  =552  P =-  P  =2,010  Provision for credit and impairment  losses  P  =62  P  =6,012  P  =19,671  P  =673  P =-  P  =26,418   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No operating segments have been aggregated to form the above reportable operating business segments.

The Group's share in net income (loss) of joint ventures amounted to P =147.4 million in 2022, P =81.3 million in 2021 and (P =203.9 million) in 2020 are included under 'All Other Segments'.

## 36. Earnings Per Share

Basic earnings per share amounts were computed as follows (amounts in thousands except earnings per share and weighted average number of outstanding common shares):

| 2022  2021  2020  a.  Net income attributable to the equity holders of the  Parent Company  P  =10,555,599  P  =6,916,970  P  =7,432,256  b.  Dividends declared to Preferred Shares  4,259  4,259  4,259  c.  Weighted average number of outstanding  common shares  753,538,887  753,538,887  753,538,887  d.  Earnings per share [(a-b)/c]  P  =14.00  P  =9.17  P  =9.86   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, the Parent Company has no potentially dilutive common shares.

<!-- image -->

## 37. Notes to the Statements of Cash Flows

The amounts of interbank loans receivables and securities purchased under agreements to resell considered as cash and cash equivalents follow:

| 2022  2021  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  SPURA  P =23,518,740  P  =29,424,643  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  not considered as cash and cash equivalents  Interbank loans receivable  3,996,627  -  P =27,515,367  P  =29,424,643   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, movements in allowance for credit losses on 'Due from other banks' and 'Interbank loans receivable and securities purchased under agreements to resell' as follows:

| 2022  2021  Due from other banks (Note 7)  P =159  (P  =3,358)  Interbank loans receivable and SPURA  (1,224)  (2,541)  (P  =1,065)  (P  =5,899)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Significant non-cash transactions of the Group and the Parent Company include foreclosures of investment properties and chattels as disclosed in Notes 17 and 18, respectively.

Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities follows:

| Consolidated  Beginning  Balance  Cashflows  Non-cash charges  Ending balance  Proceeds/  Availments  Payments  Foreign  exchange  movement  Amortization of  transaction costs  December 31, 2022  Bills payable and SSURA  P  =3,464,424  P  = 245,465,665  (P  =207,940,416)  (P  =69,270)  P  =-  P  =40,920,403  Notes payable  28,721,313  30,359,962  (13,500,000)  1,348,109  182,309  47,111,693  LTNCD  24,728,573  -  -  -  38,213  24,766,786  P  =56,914,310  P  =275,825,627  (P  =221,440,416)  P  =1,278,839  P  =220,522  P  =112,798,882  December 31, 2021  Bills payable and SSURA  P  =21,084,361  P  =7,034,386  (P  =25,188,717)  P  =534,394  P =-  P  =3,464,424  Notes payable  45,710,678  -  (18,000,000)  910,446  100,189  28,721,313  LTNCD  24,690,165  -  -  -  38,408  24,728,573  P  =91,485,204  P  =7,034,386  (P  =43,188,717)  P  =1,444,840  P  =138,597  P  =56,914,310   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Parent Company  Cashflows  Non-cash charges  Beginning balance  Proceeds/  Availments  Payments  Foreign exchange  movement  Amortization of  transaction costs  Ending balance  December 31, 2022  Bills payable and SSURA  P  =3,367,757  P  =244,342,915  (P  =206,839,333)  (P  =69,270)  P  =-  P  =40,802,069  Notes payable  28,721,313  30,359,962  (13,500,000)  1,348,109  182,309  47,111,693  LTNCD  24,728,573  -  -  -  38,213  24,766,786  P  =56,817,643  P  =274,702,877  (P  =220,339,333)  P  =1,278,839  P  =220,522  P  =112,680,548  December 31, 2021  Bills payable and SSURA  P  =20,834,363  P  =7,004,386  (P  =25,005,384)  P  =534,392  P =-  P  =3,367,757  Notes payable  45,710,678  -  (18,000,000)  910,446  100,189  28,721,313  LTNCD  24,690,165  -  -  -  38,408  24,728,573  P  =91,235,206  P  =7,004,386  (P  =43,005,384)  P  =1,444,838  P  =138,597  P  =56,817,643   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reconciliation of lease liabilities of the Group and the Parent Company are disclosed in Note 16.

<!-- image -->

## 38. Events after the Reporting Period

The Parent Company's BOD, in its meeting held on February 28, 2023, approved the declaration of annual cash dividends below:

| Shares  Date of declaration  Per share  Record date  Payment date  Preferred  February 28, 2023  P  =0.004805  March 20, 2023  April 3, 2023  Preferred  February 28, 2023  0.0039  June 26, 2023  July 10, 2023   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 39. Approval of the Release of the Financial Statements

The BOD of the Parent Company reviewed and approved the release of the accompanying consolidated and parent company financial statements on February 28, 2023.

## 40. Supplementary Information Required Under Revenue Regulation No. 15-2010

On November 25, 2010, the BIR issued Revenue Regulation (RR) No. 15-2010 to amend certain provisions of RR No. 21-2002.  The Regulations provide that starting 2010, the notes to financial statements shall include information on taxes and licenses paid or accrued during the taxable year. In compliance with the requirements set forth by RR No. 15-2010, hereunder are the information on taxes, duties and license fees paid or accrued during the calendar year ended December 31, 2022:

## Gross receipt tax (GRT)

The Parent Company is subject to GRT on its gross income from Philippine sources.  GRT is imposed on interest, fees and commissions from lending activities at 5.0% or 1.0%, depending on the loan term, and at 7.0% on non-lending fees and commissions, trading and foreign exchange gains and other items constituting gross income.

In FCDU, income classified under Others, which is subject to corporate income tax, is also subject to GRT at 7.0%.

The details of the Parent Company's GRT payments and corresponding GRT tax base in 2022 are as follows:

| GRT  GRT tax base  Income from lending activities  P  =1,248,244  P  =33,244,552  Other income  470,363  6,611,670  P  =1,718,607  P  =39,856,222   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Taxes and Licenses

This includes all other taxes, local and national, incurred in 2022 and lodged under 'Taxes and licenses' in the statement of income, as follows:

| Amount  Documentary stamp taxes  P  =1,128,353  Mayor's permit  81,257  Fringe benefit taxes  59,385  Real estate taxes  17,614  Other taxes  19,130  P  =1,305,739   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other taxes include car registration fees, privilege taxes and other permits.

## Withholding Taxes

Details of total remittances in 2022 and balances as of December 31, 2022  are as follows:

| Total  Remittance  Balance  Final withholding taxes  P  =1,074,779  P  =162,401  Withholding taxes on compensation and benefits  1,031,435  114,258  Expanded withholding taxes  347,041  35,098  P  =2,453,255  P  =311,757   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Tax Assessments and Cases

As of December 31, 2022 , the Parent Company has no deficiency tax assessments and has no tax cases, litigation and/or prosecution in courts or bodies outside the BIR.

## 41. Supplementary Information Required Under BSP Circular No. 1074

On February 7, 2020, the BSP issued Circular No. 1074 to amend certain provisions of the MORB and Manual of Regulations for Foreign Exchange Transactions (MORFXT).  The Circular provides for new and amended disclosure requirements to the audited financial statements, which are to be presented either (i) on specific notes to the financial statements, or (ii) in a separate note containing supplementary information as required by the BSP.  This supplementary information is not a required disclosure under PFRS.

In compliance with the requirements set forth by Circular No. 1074, hereunder are the supplementary information:

## Financial performance indicators

The following basic ratios measure the financial performance of the Group and the Parent Company:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Return on average equity  8.42%  5.57%  6.16%  8.45%  5.61%  6.00%  Return on average assets  1.37%  1.02%  1.03%  1.37%  1.03%  1.01%  Net interest margin  4.23%  4.43%  4.71%  4.24%  4.44%  4.51%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The following formulas were used to compute the indicators:

| Performance Indicator  BSP Prescribed Formula  Return on Average  Equity  Net Income (or Loss) after Income Tax x 100  Average Total Capital Accounts  Where: Average Total Capital Accounts =  Current calendar/fiscal year-end Total capital accounts balance +  previous calendar /fiscal year-end Total capital accounts balance  2   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Return on Average  Assets  Net Income (or Loss) after Income Tax x 100  Average Total Assets  Where: Average Total Assets =  Current calendar/fiscal year-end Total assets balance +  previous calendar /fiscal year-end Total assets balance  2  Net Interest Margin  Net Interest Income x 100  Average Interest Earning Assets  Where:  Net Interest Income =  Total Interest Income - Total Interest Expense  Average Interest Earning Assets =  Current calendar/fiscal year-end Total interest earning assets balance +  previous calendar /fiscal year-end Total interest earning assets balance  2   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Capital instruments

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Parent Company's capital stock consists of:

| Shares*  Amount  Common stock - P  =10 par value  Authorized  1,000,000,000  P  =10,000,000  Issued and outstanding  Balance at the beginning and end of the period  753,538,887  7,535,389  Preferred stock - P  =0.10 par value  Authorized  1,000,000,000  100,000  Issued and outstanding  Balance at the beginning and end of the period  1,000,000,000  100,000  1,753,538,887  P  =7,635,389   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Absolute number of shares

There are no capital instruments issued by the Group and the Parent Company in 2022 and 2021.

<!-- image -->

## Significant credit exposures as to industry/economic sector

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, information on the concentration of credit as to industry, net of unearned discounts and deferred credits, follows (amounts in millions):

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Amount  %  Amount  %  Amount  %  Amount  %  Real estate activities  P  =124,325  24.3  P  =107,582  23.3  P  =124,325  24.2  P  =107,582  23.3  Wholesale and retail trade; repair of  motor vehicles and motorcycles  85,691  16.7  70,906  15.4  85,691  16.7  70,906  15.4  Electricity, gas, stream and air  conditioning supply  76,678  15.0  70,250  15.2  76,678  15.0  70,250  15.2  Manufacturing  60,430  11.8  51,750  11.2  60,430  11.8  51,750  11.2  Activities of households as  employers; undifferentiated  goods and services producing  activities of households for own  use*  43,305  8.4  41,601  9.0  43,304  8.4  41,601  9.0  Information and communication  23,783  4.6  18,769  4.1  23,783  4.6  18,769  4.1  Transportation and storage  21,631  4.2  20,539  4.5  21,631  4.2  20,539  4.4  Construction  17,156  3.3  14,270  3.1  17,156  3.3  14,270  3.1  Financial and insurance activities  15,583  3.0  33,443  7.2  16,784  3.3  34,013  7.4  Agriculture, forestry and fishing  10,407  2.0  9,058  2.0  10,407  2.0  9,058  2.0  Professional scientific and technical  services  10,298  2.0  5,734  1.2  10,298  2.0  5,734  1.2  Water supply, sewerage, waste  management and remediation  activities  9,892  1.9  5,082  1.1  9,892  1.9  5,082  1.1  Others  13,392  2.6  12,423  2.7  12,361  2.4  12,208  2.6  P  =512,571  100.0  P  =461,407  100.0  P  =512,740  100.0  P  =461,762  100.0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Excludes loans and receivables on real estate or dwelling units which are considered production activities and classified under 'Real estate'

## Breakdown of total loans as to security and status

The following table shows the breakdown of receivable from customers as to secured and unsecured and the breakdown of secured receivables from customers as to the type of security as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (amounts in millions):

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Amount  %  Amount  %  Amount  %  Amount  %  Secured by:  Real estate  P  =74,325  14.4  P  =70,793  15.3  P  =74,325  14.4  P  =70,793  15.3  Chattel  16,883  3.3  18,052  3.9  16,883  3.3  18,052  3.9  Assignment of projects/  company assets/contracts  20,661  4.0  21,086  4.6  20,661  4.0  21,086  4.6  Mortgage trust indenture  9,485  1.8  9,670  2.1  9,485  1.8  9,670  2.1  Deposit hold-out  3,278  0.6  2,962  0.6  3,278  0.6  2,962  0.6  Others  11,655  2.3  14,590  3.2  10,625  2.1  13,873  3.0  136,287  26.5  137,153  29.7  135,257  26.3  136,436  29.5  Unsecured  378,160  73.5  325,325  70.3  379,358  73.7  326,397  70.5  P  =514,447  100.0  P  =462,478  100.0  P  =514,615  100.0  P  =462,833  100.0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The following table shows the breakdown of receivable from customers net of unearned discounts and deferred credits as to performing and non-performing as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| Consolidated  Parent Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Performing loans  Corporate lending  P =376,188,196  P  =339,560,682  P =376,637,653  P  =339,919,257  Consumer lending  50,675,378  45,567,409  50,394,424  45,563,994  Residential mortgages  69,094,360  55,392,460  69,094,360  55,392,460  Small business lending  655,181  1,167,709  655,181  1,167,709  496,613,115  441,688,260  496,781,618  442,043,420  Non-performing loans  Corporate lending  11,705,398  P  =12,555,152  11,705,398  P  =12,555,151  Consumer lending  2,433,038  3,880,030  2,433,038  3,879,948  Residential mortgages  1,757,024  3,234,018  1,757,024  3,234,018  Small business lending  62,888  49,529  62,888  49,529  15,958,348  19,718,729  15,958,348  19,718,646  P =512,571,463  P  =461,406,989  P =512,739,966  P  =461,762,066   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Information on related party loans

In the ordinary course of business, the Parent Company has loan transactions with subsidiaries and with certain DOSRI.  Under the Parent Company's policies, these loans are made substantially on the same terms as loans to other individuals and businesses of comparable risks.

On January 31, 2007, BSP Circular No. 560 was issued providing the rules and regulations that shall govern loans, other credit accommodations and guarantees granted to subsidiaries and affiliates of banks and quasi-banks.  Under the said circular, the total outstanding loans, credit accommodations and guarantees to each of the bank's subsidiaries and affiliates shall not exceed 10.00% of the bank's net worth, the unsecured portion shall not exceed 5.00% of such net worth.  Further, the total outstanding exposures shall not exceed 20.00% of the net worth of the lending bank.  The said Circular became effective on February 15, 2007.

BSP Circular No. 423, dated March 15, 2004 amended the definition of DOSRI accounts.  Further, BSP issued Circular No. 464 dated January 4, 2005 clarifying the definition of DOSRI accounts.

The following table shows information relating to DOSRI accounts of the Parent Company:

| 2022  2021  Total outstanding DOSRI accounts (in billions)  P =0.468  P  =0.449  Percent of DOSRI accounts granted prior to  effectivity of BSP Circular No. 423 to total loans  0.09  0.09  Percent of DOSRI accounts granted after effectivity  of BSP Circular No. 423 to total loans  -  -  Percent of DOSRI accounts to total loans  0.09  0.09  Percent of unsecured DOSRI accounts to  total DOSRI loans  3.83  4.36  Percent of past due DOSRI accounts to  total DOSRI loans  -  -  Percent of nonperforming DOSRI accounts to  total DOSRI loans  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total interest income on DOSRI accounts in 2022, 2021, and 2020 amounted to P =66.9 million, P =52.1 million, P =54.8  million, respectively.

<!-- image -->

## Aggregate amount of secured liabilities and assets pledged as security

The following are the carrying values of the investment securities pledged and transferred under SSURA transactions of the Group:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Carrying  Value  Fair Value  Carrying  Value  Fair Value  Financial assets at FVTPL (Note 10)  Government securities  P  =3,857,764  P  =3,857,764  P  =3,945,013  P  =3,945,013  Financial assets at FVTOCI (Note 12)  Treasury bonds  4,142,731  4,142,731  -  -  Investment securities at amortized cost  (Note 13)  Private bonds  19,888,110  18,708,912  -  -  P  =27,888,605  P  =26,709,407  P  =3,945,013  P  =3,945,013   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of SSURA amounted to P =23.4 billion and P =2.8 billion, respectively.

## Commitments and contingent liabilities

The following is a summary of the Group's and of the Parent Company's commitments and contingent liabilities at their equivalent peso contractual amounts:

| 2022  2021  Trust department accounts  P =95,116,738  P  =83,799,624  Unutilized credit limit of credit cardholders  53,158,655  35,573,141  Unused commercial letters of credit  37,521,064  29,753,291  Committed loan line  32,470,332  22,580,878  Outstanding guarantees  899,839  1,406,821  Inward bills for collection  950,852  352,848  Outward bills for collection  422,970  83,436  Late deposit/payment received  587,806  37,753  Financial guarantees with commitment  27,968  32,774   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

SyCip Gorres Velayo &amp; Co. 6760 Ayala Avenue 1226 Makati City Philippines

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT ON SUPPLEMENTARY SCHEDULES

The Stockholders and the Board of Directors Security Bank Corporation Security Bank Centre 6776 Ayala Avenue Makati City

We have audited, in accordance with Philippine Standards on Auditing, the financial statements of Security Bank Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Group) as at December 31, 2022 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, included in the Form 17-A, and have issued our report thereon dated February 28, 2023.  Our audits were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic financial statements taken as a whole.  The schedules listed in the Index to Supplementary Schedules are the responsibility of the Group's management.  These schedules are presented for purposes of complying with the Revised Securities Regulation Code Rule 68  and are not part of the basic financial statements.  These schedules have been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audit of the basic financial statements and in our opinion, fairly state, in all material respects, the information required to be set forth therein in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole.

SYCIP GORRES VELAYO &amp; CO.

<!-- image -->

Valid to cover audit of 2020 to 2024 financial statements of SEC covered institutions

Juan Carlo B. Maminta Partner CPA Certificate No. 115260 Tax Identification No. 210-320-399 BOA/PRC Reg. No. 0001, August 25, 2021, valid until April 15, 2024 SEC Partner Accreditation No. 115260-SEC (Group A) SEC Firm Accreditation No. 0001-SEC (Group A)

Valid to cover audit of 2021 to 2025 financial statements of SEC covered institutions BIR Accreditation No. 08-001998-132-2020, November 27, 2020, valid until November 26, 2023 PTR No. 9564655, January 3, 2023, Makati City

February 28, 2023

Tel: (632) 8891 0307 Fax: (632) 8819 0872 ey.com/ph

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

SyCip Gorres Velayo &amp; Co. 6760 Ayala Avenue 1226 Makati City Philippines

Tel: (632) 8891 0307 Fax: (632) 8819 0872 ey.com/ph

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT ON COMPONENTS OF FINANCIAL SOUNDNESS INDICATORS

The Stockholders and the Board of Directors Security Bank Corporation Security Bank Centre 6776 Ayala Avenue Makati City

We have audited in accordance with Philippine Standards on Auditing, the financial statements of Security Bank Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Group) as at December 31, 2022 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and have issued our report thereon dated February 28, 2023.  Our audits were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic financial statements taken as a whole.  The Supplementary Schedule on Financial Soundness Indicators, including their definitions, formulas, calculation, and their appropriateness or usefulness to the intended users, are the responsibility of the Group's management.  These financial soundness indicators are not measures of operating performance defined by Philippine Financial Reporting Standards (PFRSs) and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.  This schedule is presented for the purpose of complying with the Revised Securities Regulation Code Rule 68 issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is not a required part of the basic financial statements prepared in accordance with PFRSs.  The components of these financial soundness indicators have been traced to the Group's financial statements as at December 21, 2022 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and no material exceptions were noted.

SYCIP GORRES VELAYO &amp; CO.

<!-- image -->

Juan Carlo B. Maminta

Partner

CPA Certificate No. 115260

Tax Identification No. 210-320-399

BOA/PRC Reg. No. 0001, August 25, 2021, valid until April 15, 2024

SEC Partner Accreditation No. 115260-SEC (Group A)

Valid to cover audit of 2020 to 2024 financial statements of SEC covered institutions SEC Firm Accreditation No. 0001-SEC (Group A)

Valid to cover audit of 2021 to 2025 financial statements of SEC covered institutions BIR Accreditation No. 08-001998-132-2020, November 27, 2020, valid until November 26, 2023 PTR No. 9564655, January 3, 2023, Makati City

February 28, 2023

<!-- image -->

## SECURITY BANK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO THE SUPPLEMENTARY SCHEDULES

## DECEMBER 31, 2022

| Schedule  Part I  Content  Page No.  I  Schedule of Reconciliation of Retained Earnings Available for Dividend  Declaration  1  II  Map Showing Relationships Between and Among Parent, Subsidiaries and Joint  Ventures  2  Part II  Supplementary Schedules Required by Annex 68-J  A  Financial Assets    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income    Investment securities at amortized cost  3  B  Amounts Receivable from Directors, Officers, Employees, Related Parties and  Principal Stockholders (Other than Related Parties)  4  C  Amounts Receivable from Related Parties which are Eliminated During the  Consolidation of Financial Statements  5  D  Long-Term Debt  6-7  F  Indebtedness to Related Parties (Included in the Consolidated Statements of  Financial Position)  8  G  Guarantees of Securities of Other Issuers  9  H  Capital Stock  10  Part III  Schedule of Financial Soundness Indicators  11   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SECURITY BANK CORPORATION SCHEDULE I RECONCILIATION OF RETAINED EARNINGS AVAILABLE FOR DIVIDEND DECLARATION DECEMBER 31, 2022

(Amounts in Thousands)

| Audited Unappropriated Retained Earnings at Beginning of Year  P =75,947,253  Adjustments on beginning balance:  Unrealized foreign exchange gains - net (except those attributable  to cash and cash equivalents)  (1,019,962)  Fair value adjustments  (621,837)  Fair value gain at foreclosure date  (326,994)  Remeasurement gains on defined benefit plans  (48,843)  Accumulated share in net income of subsidiaries and joint venture  (943,094)  Deferred tax assets  (6,038,175)  Unappropriated Retained Earnings,  as adjusted to available for dividend distribution,  beginning of the year  66,948,348  Add: Net income actually earned/realized during the year  Net Income during the year  10,561,008  Less: Non-actual/unrealized income net of tax during the year  Unrealized foreign exchange gains - net (except those attributable to cash and  cash equivalents)  931,176  Fair value adjustments (gains arising from marked-to-market valuation)  229,985  Fair value gain at foreclosure date  999,314  Share in net income subsidiaries and joint venture (net of dividends)  266,214  Remeasurement gains on defined benefit plans  1,480  Recognized deferred tax asset  (153,435)  Sub-total  2,274,734  Net income actually earned during the period  8,286,274  Add (Less):  Dividend declarations during the year  (2,264,876)  Appropriations of retained earnings during the period  (1,687,797)  Reversals of appropriations  1,104,700  Sub-total  (2,847,973)  Total Retained Earnings, End of the Year Available for Dividend Declaration  P =72,386,649   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SCHEDULE III MAP SHOWING RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN AND AMONG PARENT SUBSIDIARIES AND JOINT VENTURES

<!-- image -->

## Security Bank Corporation and Subsidiaries Schedule A - Financial Assets

December 31, 2022

(Amounts and Number of Shares in Thousands)

| Name of issuing entity and association  of each issue  Number of shares or  principal amount of  bonds or notes  Amount shown on the  balance sheet  Valued based on market  quotation at balance  sheet date  Income accrued  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  Philippine government  4,731,213  P  =4,795,122  P  = 4,795,122  P  =67,031  Other government  7,806  8,919  8,919  30  Private corporations  105,961  98,149  98,149  830  Various derivative counterparties  2,664,382  2,664,382  53,377  P  =7,566,572  P  =7,566,572  P  =121,268  Financial assets at fair value through other  comprehensive income  Philippine government  106,618,906  P  =99,381,057  P  = 99,381,057  P  =945,561  Other government  9,524,459  9,045,003  9,045,003  88,120  Private corporations  4,202,477  4,050,963  4,050,963  55,978  Equity Securities  328  414,470  414,470  -  P  =112,891,493  P  =112,891,493  P  = 1,089,659  Investment securities at amortized cost  Philippine government  11,751,087  P  =12,005,556  P  =12,005,556  P  =114,834  Private corporations  57,241,929  57,241,929  54,764,889  510,772  P  =69,247,485  P  =66,770,445  P  =625,606   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Security Bank Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Schedule B - Amounts Receivable from Directors, Officers, Employees, Related Parties and Principal Stockholders (Other than Related Parties)

## December 31, 2022

| Name of Debtor  Balance at beginning of period  Additions  Amounts Collected  Amounts Written- off  Current  Non- Current  Balance at end of period   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

None to Report

Receivables from Directors, Officers, Employees, Related Parties and Principal Stockholders are subject to usual terms in the normal course of business.

## Security Bank Corporation and Subsidiaries Schedule C - Amounts Receivable from Related Parties which are eliminated during the consolidation of financial statements

December 31, 2022

(Amounts in Thousands)

## Deductions

| Name of Debtor  Balance at  beginning of  period  Additions  Amounts  Collected  Effect of  disposal group  classified as  held for sale  Current  Non-  Current  Balance at end  of period  Philippine Peso  SB Cards Corporation  P  =39,406  P  =992,017  P  =1,031,310  P  =-  P  =113  P  =-  P  =113  SB Capital Investment  Corporation  1,541  29,511  29,158  -  1,894  -  1,894  SB Equities, Inc.  1,830  25,334  24,829  -  2,335  -  2,335  SB Rental Corporation  2,133  20,090  20,915  -  1,308  -  1,308  P =44,910  P =1,066,952  P =1,106,212  P =-  P =5,650  P =-  P =5,650   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Schedule D - Long-Term Debt December 31, 2022

(Amounts in Millions)

| Title of issue and type of obligation (i)  Amount  authorized by  indenture  Amount shown  under caption  'Current portion'  Amount shown  under caption  'Long-Term  Debt'  Interest Rate  %  Maturity Date  Long-term Negotiable Certificates of  Deposit (LTNCD)  Maturing on May 8, 2023  P  =8,596  P  =8,596  P =  -  3.88%  5/08/2023  Maturing on Nov 2, 2023  5,772  5,772  -  4.50%  11/02/2023  Maturing on March 23, 2025  6,036  -  6,036  4.00%  03/23/2025  Maturing on June 17, 2025  2,301  -  2,301  4.00%  06/17/2025  Maturing on August 05, 2025  2,062  -  2,062  4.00%  08/05/2025  P  =24,767  P  =14,368  P  =10,399  Bills Payable and Securities Sold Under  Repurchased Agreements (SSURA)  Bills Payable - DBP Funded  P  =19  P =  -  P  =19  8.00%  8/25/2031  Bills Payable - DBP Funded  20  -  20  8.00%  8/25/2031  Bills Payable - DBP Funded  10  -  10  8.00%  8/25/2031  Bills Payable - DBP Funded  25  -  25  8.00%  8/25/2031  Bills Payable - DBP Funded  27  -  27  8.00%  8/25/2031  Bills Payable - DBP Funded  31  -  31  8.00%  8/25/2031  Bills Payable - SSURA  826  -  826  4.30%  1/22/2024  Bills Payable - SSURA  2,211  -  2,211  4.73%  3/30/2026  Bills Payable  7  7  -  4.10%  7/6/2023  Bills Payable  26  26  -  3.60%  11/24/2023  Bills Payable  20  -  20  4.25%  12/6/2023  Bills Payable  15  -  15  3.50%  3/1/2025  P  =3,237  P  =33  P  =3,204   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes and Bonds Payable

| Title of issue and type of obligation (i)  Amount  authorized by  indenture  Amount shown  under caption  'Current portion'  Amount shown  under caption  'Long-Term  Debt'  Interest Rate  %  Maturity Date  Senior Notes due 2023  P  =16,705  P  =16,705  P =  -  4.50%  9/25/2023  Fixed rate bond due January 2024  15,911  -  15,911  3.74%  1/20/2024  Fixed rate bonds due May 2024  14,496  -  14,496  5.30%  5/10/2024  P  =47,112  P  =16,705  P  =30,407   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) Include in this column each type of obligation authorized

## Schedule F - Indebtedness to Related Parties (included in the consolidated statements of financial position)

December 31, 2022

Name of Related Parties (i)

Balance at beginning of period

Balance at end of period (ii)

None to Report

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(i) The related parties named shall be grouped as in Schedule D.  The information called shall be stated for any persons whose investments  shown separately in such related schedule.

(ii) For each affiliate named in the first column, explain in a note hereto the nature and purpose of any material increase during the period that is in excess of 10 percent of the related balance at either the beginning or end of the period.

## Security Bank Corporation and Subsidiaries Schedule G - Guarantees of Securities of Other Issuers

December 31, 2022

| Name of issuing entity of securities guaranteed by the company for which this statement is filed  Title of issue of each class of securities guaranteed  Total amount of guaranteed and outstanding (i)  Amount owned by person of which statement is filed  Nature of guarantee (ii)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## None to Report

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(i)  Indicate in a note any significant changes since the date of the last balance sheet file.  If this schedule is filed in support of consolidated financial statements, there shall be set forth guarantees by any person included in the consolidation except such guarantees of securities which are included in the consolidated balance sheet.

(ii) There must be a brief statement of the nature of the guarantee, such as 'Guarantee of principal and interest', 'Guarantee of Interest', or 'Guarantee of Dividends'.  If the guarantee is of interest, dividends, or both, state the annual aggregate amount of interest or dividends so guaranteed.

## Security Bank Corporation and Subsidiaries Schedule H - Capital Stock December 31, 2022

(Absolute number of shares)

| Title of Issue  (i)  Number of  shares  authorized  Number of  shares issued  and outstanding  as shown under  the related  balance sheet  caption  Number of  shares reserved  for options,  warrants,  conversion and  other rights  Number of  shares held by  related parties  (ii)  Directors,  officers and  employees  Others  (iii)  Common stock - P  =10 par value  Authorized  1,000,000,000  -  -  -  -  Issued and outstanding  -  753,538,887  -  -  121,975,931  Preferred stock - P  =0.10 par value  Authorized  1,000,000,000  -  -  -  -  Issued and outstanding  -  1,000,000,000  -  -  592,163,309   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(i) Include in this column each type of issue authorized

(ii) Related parties referred to include persons for which separate financial statements are filed and those included in the consolidated financial  statements, other than the issuer of the particular security.

(iii) Indicate in a note any significant changes since the date of the last balance sheet filed.

## SECURITY BANK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE OF FINANCIAL SOUNDNESS INDICATORS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

| 2022  2021  a)  Liquid to total assets  37.22  32.94  b)  Loans (net) to deposit ratio  82.96  85.67  c)  Debt-to-equity ratio  5.69  4.59  d)  Asset-to-equity ratio  6.69  5.59  e)  Interest rate coverage ratio  2.85  2.88  f)  Return on assets  1.37  1.02  g)  Return on equity  8.42  5.57  h)  Net interest margin  4.23  4.43  i)  Cost to income ratio  57.80  57.82   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Exhibit 6

<!-- image -->

## 2022 Integrated Report

## Toward meaningful impact

## Our sustainability framework

In 2022, Security Bank progressed in the development of its ESG best practices. This progress was built upon milestones achieved in 2021 with the Board approval and implementation of the Bank's Environmental and Social Risk Management System (ESRMS). This was quickly followed by the approval of the Sustainable Finance Framework (SFF) to support its sustainability commitments and set out how it intends to raise Sustainable Financing Instruments (SFIs).

It's important to the Bank to ensure that the sustainability framework is implemented in a transparent manner. The Bank builds strong partnerships and demonstrates how BetterBanking creates value and leads to a sustainable business. The framework is designed to support our ambition of being the most customer-centric bank in the Philippines and relies on every Security Banker to pursue financial service excellence.

## ENRICHING LIVES

<!-- image -->

For our customers, employees, and shareholders, BetterBanking means continuously improving to create positive experiences and interactions. We also strive to keep our people happy, healthy, continuously learning, and growing professionally so they are equipped and enabled to serve our customers well.

## EMPOWERING BUSINESSES

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 6

Security Bank's commitment to long-term sustainability includes advocating lending, investment, and procurement activities that will help the country transition to a lower carbon economy and be resilient to climate change.'

## Eduardo Olbes

Chief Financial Officer and Sustainability Committee Chairman

## BUILDING COMMUNITIES SUSTAINABLY

<!-- image -->

The Bank recognizes that, as corporate citizens, it is socially responsible for the communities where it operates. CSR is integral to the Bank-it supports and prioritizes opportunities aligned with its mission and sustainability goals. We actively partner with groups including national government agencies, local government units, academic institutions, and other foundations or charitable institutions to advocate for education, health and wellness, enterprise development, arts and culture, disaster recovery, and women empowerment.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

IMPACT TO BUSINESS

## Our material topics and ESG focus areas

## GRI 3-1, 3-2

Guided by the prescribed process of the GRI standards, the Bank conducted a Materiality Assessment Survey to gather insights on how it can create impact and address issues important to its key stakeholders. Survey participants included employees (13.09%), customers (80.62%), community partners (5.99%), and key suppliers (0.30%). Survey data was the basis for strategizing the sustainability agenda for the next three to five years.

IMPACT TO SHAREHOLDERS

<!-- image -->

## ENRICHING LIVES

## BUILDING COMMUNITIES SUSTAINABLY

- Customer satisfaction
- Employee relation, development, and retention
- Data privacy and cybersecurity
- Ethical operations and good governance
- Innovative products and services

## EMPOWERING BUSINESSES

- Business growth (financial, operational)
- Fair disclosure
- Environmental impact of Security Bank investments and loans
- Risk and disaster management
- Socio-economic development of the communities and society
- Protecting natural resources
- Waste management
- Initiatives to mitigate climate change
- Supporting local procurement
- Use of recycled and reused materials
- Protecting indigenous people's rights

## Strong governance on our sustainability journey

GRI 2-13, 2-17

To ensure our sustainability initiatives are well-governed, our structure consists of the following:

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE

Oversees and ensures full implementation of the Risk Management Framework and approved the Bank's Sustainability Framework and Transition Plan.

## RISK OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE

Board-level committee responsible for the approval and oversight of the Environmental and Social Risk Management System (ESRMS).

## SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE

Management-level committee chaired by the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), with the Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) as Vice Chair. Committee members include the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO), Chief Risk Officer (CRO), various business segment heads (e.g., Financial Markets Segment, Wholesale Banking Segment, Retail Banking Segment), and representatives from Human Capital Management (HCM) and Corporate Communications &amp; Brand (CC&amp;B). This group works on the Bank's sustainability policies, resolves issues, approves measures related to environmental and social risks, oversees external communications, and monitors overall progress toward sustainability goals.

## SUSTAINABILITY UNIT

Headed by a Sustainability Officer (SO), provides guidance to various units/teams operationalizing the Bank's sustainability programs. Together with other relevant bank units, they implement the sustainability strategy and advocate for financial products and services with E&amp;S benefits. The unit also drives the regular review and update of the Sustainability Framework whenever necessary.

In accordance with the practice of BetterBanking, the Board of Directors continues to develop and enhance their collective knowledge of ESG. They are provided with resources on the Bank's sustainability framework and initiatives.

During the Annual Corporate Governance Training held in April 2022, one of the sessions was on 'How banking boards are elevating sustainable finance and ESG' and tackled the following:

- Opportunities and risks of sustainable finance
- Necessity of identifying the impact of climate change
- Financial inclusion and future actions from a government perspective

## TABLE OF ORGANIZATION

<!-- image -->

## Environment and Social Risk Management System

## GRI 3-3, 201-2

As we grow our understanding of how sustainability issues impact our business, our clients, and the environment and communities where we operate, we continue to find ways to integrate ESG considerations into our operations. We aim to go beyond compliance to ensure that environmental and social risks are appropriately managed and mitigated.

Since 2020, when the Board approved our Sustainability Framework, the Bank has endorsed policies for the management of environmental and social issues. This includes an Environment and Social Risk Management System (ESRMS) to help identify, assess, and manage environmental and social risks associated with our banking operations.

Today, the ESRMS is incorporated into our banking policies and procedures and is aligned with our risk appetite which defines the nature and level of risk that the Bank is willing to take to achieve business objectives. Our employees, especially our Relationship Managers (RMs), are trained to identify and evaluate potential environmental and social risks associated with business dealings.

The ESRMS identifies our focus areas where the Bank can contribute a positive and meaningful impact and the strategies to be used in pursuit of our objectives:

## CLIMATE CHANGE

We're committed to playing our part in addressing the challenges of climate change, and we understand that the transition to a low-carbon economy presents both risks and opportunities. As such, we aim to:

- Better understand the impacts of climate change in our banking and administrative operations; and properly identify and manage our environmental and risk exposures.
- Ensure that our corporate lending and asset management policies support the responsible transition to a low-carbon economy.
- Increase the resilience of our business to climate risks and take advantage of opportunities by creating climate- and sustainability-linked products, like green mortgage products or green and sustainable bonds.
- Advocate and support our clients and our employees in their transition to a low-carbon economy.
- Disclose the actions we are taking, have taken, and our progress in addressing climate-related risk to our stakeholders.

<!-- image -->

## ENERGY

Addressing climate change and helping our clients and communities transition to low-carbon technologies and business models presents challenges and opportunities for us. We will seek to ensure that our clients continue to have access to the necessary capital that would develop their businesses, help them invest in more efficient processes, and reduce their carbon footprint.

Security Bank will work with its Energy sector clients who are committed to sustainable development, are venturing into low-carbon energy sources, and implementing new technologies to help in the transition to a lower-carbon economy. We aim to provide them with support, from both a corporate lending and capital market perspective.

Any transaction involving financing of the transmission of oil or gas will require an enhanced Environmental and Social review and will be subject to strict specific project criteria. We will also look at sector-specific factors and assess the client's management systems and track record, specifically on the impact on the cultural, historic, religious value, and agricultural land. We will also look at the robustness of regulatory frameworks, as well as assessments on seismic and/or flood risks.

Apart from understanding the environmental and social impact of these business activities, we will assess the client's track record of fatalities and accidents. Moreover, we will assess the client's involvement in controversies such as pollution, or violations of applicable regulatory standards.

<!-- image -->

## HEALTH AND SAFETY GRI 403-1

Security Bank will provide a healthy and safe work environment for our customers, employees, suppliers, and visitors. To ensure effective delivery and continuous improvement of our health and safety policy, the Bank will:

- Comply with health and safety legal regulatory requirements.
- Ensure that adequate resources (financial, human, and technological) are provided to safeguard the health and safety of all our employees.
- Document and implement a health and safety management system.
- Provide employee training on health and safety.
- Communicate to our external stakeholders how we continue to provide a healthy and safe work environment.
- Consult with relevant external parties on health and safety arrangements, if needed.

## SUPPLY CHAIN GRI 3-3, 2,6, 204-1, 308-1, 308-2,414-1,414-2

Security Bank aims to create meaningful supplier relationships, fully committed to implementing effective management and control of our supply chain and fair treatment of our suppliers. In return, we expect them to abide by our Supplier Standards and adhere to our Sustainable Procurement Policy.

As prescribed by the policy, due diligence relating to our Supplier Standards is conducted for all potential suppliers. And to ensure consistent practice by all our contracted suppliers, we monitor compliance using a risk-based approach suitable for the size of their business. This is done in a transparent manner, communicating with concerned suppliers any findings and, if necessary, asking them to make the necessary improvements in their business to ensure alignment with our standards.

It is important to note that these policies are considered living documents to be constantly reviewed and improved to address environmental and social issues as they emerge and evolve over time.

<!-- image -->

In all these strategies and approaches, the role of every Security Banker is essential. Thus, the Bank will provide ESG training to all employees, especially our Relationship Managers. We also recognize the importance of our external stakeholders in our sustainability journey, thus our regular engagement with clients, peer financial institutions, investors, policymakers, and NGOs to help improve our approach and strategy in identifying and managing E&amp;S risks.

We also conduct periodic audits of our existing policies, as well as an annual review of the ESRMS framework. This is to ensure compliance, enhance the quality of our disclosures, adapt to the ever-changing environment and legislation, given increasing stakeholder expectations on ESG.

## INSPIRING CONFIDENCE THROUGH EFFECTIVE RISK MANAGEMENT

In exchange for the trust that clients place in the industry, banks are compelled to demonstrate professionalism beyond competence through the effective management of risks faced in the conduct of business and activities, including credit, market, liquidity, and operational risks.

Hence, we have included an integrated risk management system in our value creation process that addresses such risks. Exposures across these identified risk areas under both 'business as usual' and 'stressed scenarios' are regularly monitored, managed, and reported to both Senior Management and the Board. Results of these stress tests consequently inform our Risk Management strategies to ensure that our ESG approaches remain responsive and data-driven.

We conducted stress tests, the results of which influenced our bank policies and strategies. As an example, based on stress tests, the Bank has committed to no longer finance the construction of new coal-fueled power plants, and completely exit coal financing by 2033.

Security Bank submits an ICAAP document and its outputs to the BSP. The ICAAP document, submitted January of each year, is the basis for any dialogue with the BSP wherein we discuss our processes for identifying and measuring risks as well as how much capital, if any, is allocated against them.

## CULTIVATING SUSTAINABILITY AND INCORPORATING ESG IN OUR DNA GRI 2-24

Security Bank works to integrate environmental and social risk assessment into our loan processes by seeking to understand our clients' objectives and priorities. This information is important to how we assess and manage risks. The consequences of failing to appropriately manage environmental and social issues can directly impact Security Bank's reputation, our clients' operations, and the environment and communities where we and our clients operate.

Therefore, the Bank has publicly committed to engaging in transactions only with clients doing responsible business. Security Bank does not permit project fund expenditures (direct lending) and investments in the following activities:

- Gambling, casinos, and equivalent enterprises.
- Production or trade in radioactive materials. This does not apply to the purchase of medical equipment, quality control (measurement) equipment, and any equipment where IFC considers the radioactive source to be trivial and/or adequately shielded.
- Businesses that knowingly and intentionally engage in child labor, forced labor, and unfair labor practices.
- Businesses that engage in illegal activities.
- Production or trade in weapons and munition.
- Projects engaged in the use of coal by 2033.

<!-- image -->

The Bank also has a specific restriction list that precludes engagement with businesses with drift net fishing in the marine environment using nets over 2.5 km in length.

The Bank is currently planning the next steps to implement changes in credit risk assessment directly incorporating ESRMS knowledge and is conducting further studies based on the data collected.

The Bank will align with regulatory expectations and industry best practices on environmental and social risks such that no material financial, reputational, or regulatory risks arise because of failure to minimize the negative impact of its operations on the environment or to ensure healthy and safe premises for its customers, employees, suppliers, and visitors.

The Bank has started monitoring clients' compliance with the passage of the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR), which gives product manufacturers responsibility for the entire lifecycle of a product. There is a potential shift among plastic manufacturing entities to alternative products and/ or additional funding requirements given higher costs driven by additional actions (i.e., recovery) as stated by the law.

The Bank has committed to no longer finance the construction of new coal-fueled power plants, and completely exit coal financing by 2033.'

## Nikki Lizares

Sustainability Unit Head

## WHOLESALE BANKING SEGMENT ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIAL RISK EXPOSURE PER INDUSTRY

| Industry classification  %  E&amp;S score  Electricity  21.0%  Medium  Real Estate - Large  8.6%  High  Manufacturing - Food  6.7%  High  Real Estate - MM/MSME  5.7%  Medium  Telecommunication  5.7%  Low  Non-Bank Financial Services  4.8%  Low  Wholesaler - Industrial Supplies  4.7%  Low  Auto Retailing  4.5%  Low  Construction  3.8%  Medium  Wholesaler - Agriproducts &amp; Food  3.7%  Low  Oil &amp; Gas  3.4%  High  Manufacturing - Auto/Metal/Machinery  3.2%  High  Land Transport  3.0%  Medium  Agriculture  2.8%  Medium  Water Utilities  2.3%  Medium  Manufacturing - Chemicals &amp; Pharmaceuticals  2.2%  High  Manufacturing - Intermediate Goods  2.2%  High  Others - (Wholesaler/Retailer - Discretionary, Professional Services, Groceries,  Financial &amp; Lending, Admin &amp; Support  ctivities, Education, Diversified  holding companies)  6.7%  Low  Others - (Air/Sea Transport, Storage &amp; Logistics, Medical &amp; Healthcare,  Hospitality &amp; Tourism, Restaurants &amp; Food Services)  4.3%  Medium  Others - (Mining &amp; Quarying, Manufacturing - Consumer Discretionary,  Manufacturing - Electrical Component)  0.8%  High  ## Total  100.0%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Expectations of our stakeholders

## GRI 2-29

Delivering BetterBanking requires a true understanding of our stakeholders' concerns and expectations. Aside from the materiality survey, we engage with our stakeholders in a meaningful manner, across all possible touchpoints.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Stakeholder  Mode of engagement  Frequency  Concerns/  expectations  Response  Customers  •  Branches, chatbot, and  contact center  •  Relationship teams  •  Website and social media  •  Email, correspondences  •  Phone calls, SMS, and  Instant Messaging (IM)  •  As needed  •  Accessibility and  convenience  •  Speed and quality of  service  •  Better product  features  •  Financial advice and  updates  •  Digitalization  •  Privacy and security  •  Self-service facilities  •  New features for digital channels  •  Streamlined standards of service  •  Creation or improvement of  products based on customer  feedback  •  Employee training  •  Globally recognized certifications  on information security and data  privacy  Employees  •  Meetings, town halls,  Kapihan sessions,  roadshows  •  Email, correspondences  •  Employee engagement  activities  •  Focus Group Discussions  (FGDs)  •  Teleconsultations  •  Virtual platforms  •  Telephone calls, SMS, IM  •  Employee Engagement  Surveys (via Glint)  •  As needed  •  Annually  •  Work-life balance  •  Personal development  •  Health and wellness  •  Operational efficiency/  continuity  •  Employee Engagement  Index that is on an  upward trend  •  Engagement activities (e.g.,  Midweek service, weekly masses,  movie treats, CSR activities)  •  Health and wellness advisories/  messages, roadshows  •  Continuous improvement of  processes (e.g., digitalization)  •  New communications channels  and platforms (e.g., Yammer)  •  Action Plans to address employee  concerns arising from the survey  (done at the enterprise level to  the team level).  •  People Managers have the  Employee Engagement Index as  part of their performance goals,  to ensure that action will be taken  to address the feedback  of employees.  •  Awards and recognition programs  (OSAM, SBC Compliments, etc.)  Shareholders/  Investors  •  Annual and quarterly  meetings  •  Investor briefings and  communications  •  Official disclosures (e.g.,  Annual Financial and  Sustainability Report/  Integrated Report)  •  Annual  •  Monthly  •  On demand  •  As scheduled  •  Financial returns and  shareholder value  •  Minimum risks related  to business and  expansion  •  Stable dividends  •  Regular, timely, and transparent  disclosures  •  Investment outlets  •  Immediate response to investors'  queries  Regulators  •  Regular discussions  •  Annual examinations  and audits  •  Email, correspondences  •  As needed  •  Compliance with laws  and regulations  •  Impact of new  initiatives and policies  •  Timely and accurate release  of reports  •  Compliance with regulations  •  Timely response to regulatory  queries  Suppliers  •  Email, correspondences  •  Meetings  •  As needed  •  Transparency in  accreditation  •  Integrity of bids  •  Timeliness of  payments  •  Clear and transparent  accreditation  •  Audited bidding process   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Stakeholder  Mode of engagement  Frequency  Concerns/  expectations  Response  Local  communities  •  CSR programs  (i.e., development,  implementation,  monitoring, and  evaluation)  •  Partnerships and  agreements  •  Email, correspondences  •  Phone calls, interviews,  and meetings  •  Website, social media,  print and online platforms  •  Press releases  •  As needed  •  Involvement  of community  stakeholders in  implementation  •  Advancement of  quality education  •  Upliftment of the  quality of life in the  communities  •  Support in times of  crisis, disasters  •  Relationships with key  proponents in communities  •  Classroom construction  and repair, teacher training,  scholarships  •  Learning continuity through  educational and financial  assistance, equipment, and  digital learning resources for  students, teachers, and schools  •  Integrated and multi-stakeholder  approach to program  implementation  •  Partnership-building  •  Measurement of program  outcome and impact  •  Healthcare system  reinforcement through financial  support (e.g., SLMC, PGH  Chemo Prep lab)  •  Support for economic recovery  with livelihood opportunities for  communities and marginalized  groups through equipment  donation, start-up capital  provision, and business  development/livelihood training  •  Relief and rehabilitation support  for communities and schools  damaged by disasters  Media  •  Press statements/  releases  •  Press briefings/  roundtable interviews  •  Media rounds and meet-  and-greets  •  Media events  •  As necessary  •  Product brief/details  •  Transparency  •  Factual information  •  Timely release of  announcements  •  Availability of spokespersons  •  Press kits with fact sheets and  profiles of speakers  •  Market information  Partners  •  Email, correspondences  •  As necessary  •  Transparency in  disclosures  •  Alignment of  advocacies  •  Regular disclosure of overall  performance  Industry  associations  •  Membership meetings  and sponsorships  •  As scheduled  •  Sharing of industry  updates, standards,  best practices, and  concerns  •  Active participation relating to  policy matters   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Our value creation model

## Our value creation goals

<!-- image -->

## Vision

To become the most customer-centric bank in the Philippines

<!-- image -->

## Enriching lives

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Empowering businesses

Building communities sustainably

## Our capitals

## Human

7,338

## 1,287

Employees (Excluding SBML, SB Finance, Inc., and SB Foundation)

Employees under CBA

## Financial

PHP842 billion

## PHP126 billion

Total assets

Total equity

## Manufactured

316

Branches

663

ATMs

(including Cash Acceptance Machines)

## Intellectual

12.3%

Technology spend as % of total revenues

## Social and Relationship

## PHP141 million

## Holistic CSR approach

Community investment

## 14,149,095.11

KWH Electricity consumption

Education, health and wellness, enterprise development, and community building (e.g., women empowerment, arts and culture, disaster recovery)

## Natural

## 79,091

CU.M Water consumption

•

We've visualized the value we create by connecting our purpose and strategy with relevant capitals, outcomes, impacts, and focus United Nations Sustainability Development Goals (UN SDGs).

## How we create value

## Core businesses

- Wholesale Banking (Corporate &amp;
- Commercial)

•

- Retail Banking
- Business Banking (MSME)
- Financial Markets

## Key enablers

•

•

•

- Human Capital Management
- Technology
- Risk Management

## Operating disciplines

- Core franchise strength
- Stable funding sources and proactive capital management
- Industry-leading asset quality
- Experienced and diverse
- management team
- Multi-awarded brand
- Strategy for sustainable growth
- Well-recognized for good governance

## ESRMS focus areas

- Climate change
- Energy
- Health and safety
- Supply chain

## The value we create

## Enriching lives

## PHP7.54 billion

Worth of employee compensation and benefits

## Future of Work (FoW)

Hybrid work setup

45

Job-specific development programs

## 322,570

Training hours provided for employees

33% - 67%

Male vs. Female percentage

## PHP503 billion

Loan portfolio

## PHP606 billion

Deposits

## Empowering businesses

## PHP6.7 billion

97%

Loans for MSMEs

CSAT score

Wholesale clients

## Building communities sustainably

## Scholars for Better Communities

## Healthcare

## 1,290

Scholars

185

College graduates (7 employed with Security Bank)

## Ready, Set, Read!

36,314

Teachers trained

90%

Students acquired English proficiency

## Disaster recovery

19

homes rebuilt

Our UN SDG focus areas:

1

PGH chemo prep room donation

200

Chemo medications served per day

## Build a School, Build a Nation

663

Classrooms* (279 classrooms repaired)

118

Beneficiary schools

184,000

Students helped

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Tree Planting

5-year partnership La Mesa Watershed

2,000

Seedlings planted

200

Employee volunteers

## Arts and culture

1

Security Bank Hall at National Museum of the Philippines

14

Guillermo Tolentino sculptures donated

*as of 2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 81%

Engagement score (6 points above global benchmark)

0

Work-related injuries

## 1,594,792

Checking and Savings Accounts

## How we create meaningful impact

<!-- image -->

## Operating environment

While there were continued global challenges, the Philippine economy grew 7.6% YoY in 2022, with the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) the highest since 1976 and among the strongest in the ASEAN. While the following year presents headwinds with inflation and depreciation as dampeners, the Bank remains optimistic on the economy's resilience.

## THE PHILIPPINE ECONOMY

With the reopening of the country in 2022, the Philippine's economic recovery started to speed up. Improved vaccination levels led to a loosening of mobility and lockdown restrictions in the first quarter of the year, driving a resurgence in both consumer and business activity.

The Philippine GDP posted a growth of 7.6%. The sectors which contributed the most to the growth figures were those that benefited from the sustained easing in mobility restrictions despite inflation's headwinds-wholesale and retail trade, manufacturing, and construction.

As with the global narrative, pent-up domestic demand and revenge spending also helped spur recovery of key sectors. Greater mobility and high appetite for leisure have driven the growth of restaurants, hotels and recreation, while the reopening of schools have spurred education consumption. Household expenditure grew by 8.3% from 2021 to contribute around 41% to growth, while international trade contributed close to 37% for the year.

Inflation 2022

GDP growth in 2022

7.6%

2023 Forecast

6-7%

2023 Forecast 5.8% 5.4%

However, 2022 also posed as a year of landmark inflation, which averaged 5.8%, well above the target range of 2-4%. Geopolitical tensions, global supply chain issues driving up the prices of oil and commodities, and the appreciation of the dollar amidst aggressive rate hikes all contributed to higher than usual inflation. In a bid to curb rising prices, the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) implemented a series of rate hikes beginning in June 2022, with rates ending at 5.5% in December 2022.

Similar moves to curb inflation by the Feds pushed the US dollar to record highs in 2022 with the peso depreciating to a low of PHP59.26/USD in September 2022 and ending the year at PHP55.67/USD.

Yet even with inflation at its highest level since 2008, momentum in household spending at 74% of GDP remained strong despite the higher cost of living. Reopening, wage gains with the increase in minimum wages by the Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE), and government subsidies helped cushion the impact of higher prices. To anchor inflation, the administration has extended tariffs on essential goods like pork, rice, corn, and coal, which would help augment supply.

## THE US &amp; GLOBAL ECONOMY

In 2022, the US Federal Reserve raised interest rates in a bid to curb inflation in what has been called the fastest rate hiking cycle since the 80s, with ripple effects felt throughout the world as currencies weakened against the dollar. In December 2022, the US interest rate reached its highest level in 15 years, taking it to a targeted range of 4.25-4.5%.

However, signs that inflation was slowing could be seen near the end of the year, with inflation slowing to 7.1% in December 2022 and key indicators such as the Producer Price Index (PPI) and Core Consumer Price Index (CPI) on a downward trend. The US Labor Market remained tight, with low unemployment and robust job growth.

2022 Key policy rate

TOP CONTRIBUTORS TO GROWTH (% SHARE TO GDP IN 2022)

2023 Interest rate forecast

18.7%

18.6%

Manufacturing

10%

Wholesale and Retail Trade

7.0%

Financial and insurance activities

Construction

<!-- image -->

5.5% 6.25%

<!-- image -->

Globally, three big economies-US, China, and EU-all posted lower growth in 2022 at 2.1%, 3.0% and projected 3.3%, respectively. China's slower than usual growth, due to the energy crunch and its Zero COVID policy, had global impacts in terms of disrupting the flow of trade and investment. With most ASEAN exporters having significant exposure to China, this left currencies on a tenuous perch amidst federal rate hikes.

Leading global economic indicators such as Manufacturing PMIs, consumer and business sentiment all point to a slowdown, with rising inflation driven by revenge spending and the volatility of commodity prices due to geopolitical developments, though levels at the end of 2022 are below their March to June 2022 peaks, which indicate that war shock to prices is waning.

## OUR OUTLOOK

Looking ahead, we remain optimistic on prospects for modest growth in 2023. As shown in 2022, even with inflation and depreciation headwinds in force, consumer demand remained strong, making growth very feasible in 2023 despite policy tightening.

While no recession is expected with private consumption being the main engine for growth, inflation will be a dampener. Revenge spending will also wane based on the rate hike's lag effects and the trickle-down effect of the global slowdown; however domestic growth will remain steady with the resumption of face-to-face classes, the bouncing back of travel and increased business activity from MSMEs. The implementation of the Corporate Recovery and Tax Incentives for Enterprises (CREATE) Law, Financial Institutions Strategic Transfer (FIST) Act, as well as further reduction in personal income taxes can also boost growth in 2023.

MAJOR INDUSTRIES (% SHARE TO GDP IN 2022)

HOUSEHOLD EXPENDITURE

8.9%

Agriculture, Forestry, and Fishing (AFF)

29.7%

61.4%

Industry

Services

<!-- image -->

8.3%

YoY Growth

Inflation is expected to remain elevated at the 5%-6% range. Further tightening from the BSP could still be ahead in line with similar actions from the Federal Reserve. However, we see rate hikes pausing at 6.25% by the first quarter 2023. With the rate cycle ending and inflation tempering, we see the bond market and fixed income instruments bounce back in 2023.

In the US, easing inflation and sectoral contraction would temper the Federal Reserve's need for outsized rate hikes-a positive sign for the fixed income market. While signs still point to a recession, it could be minor with slowing consumer demand and job openings remaining elevated, putting inflation on a downward trend. We foresee the Fed to pause their rate hike at 5.00%-5.25% by 1H of 2023. While the dollar may remain volatile, this could mean growth for the bond market.

For the peso, more moderate rate hikes in the US could aid in its recovery. However, the country's trade deficit will remain wide as imports will continue to exceed exports on the back of strong consumer demand, so volatility that affects the Philippine peso will likely continue in 2023.

We foresee a boost in global inflation with China's reopening, though tempered in comparison to the spike at the beginning of the Russia-Ukraine war. Elevated rates will mean a slowdown in global growth. But, offset with China's recovery, will benefit Europe the most in terms of GDP, being its most direct trading partner. Commodity prices are expected to recover in 2H23, with China being the largest consumer of commodities.

Resulting trade imbalances may affect local currencies negatively, especially if imports are still affected; however, the effect of the war on Ukraine could be negated once commodity flows improve with the reopening of China and other major economies.

TOP CONTRIBUTORS (% SHARE TO GDP IN 2022)

37.4%

Food and non-alcoholic beverages

Utilities 12.7%

14.2%

8.0%

Misc. goods and services

Transport

7.0%

Restaurants and hotels

<!-- image -->

## Strategy statement

Our vision is to be the most customer-centric bank in the Philippines. To be customer-centric, we will strengthen our capabilities to address our customers' evolving needs and continue to invest in what matters to them.

## To track our progress in reaching our vision, we have set goals to:

<!-- image -->

Grow mass affluent and corporate share, focusing on customers with high potential for growth and where we can differentiate on service.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Become the industry leader in Net Promoter Score (NPS) for Retail, Corporate, Commercial, and Business (MSME) segments-serving our clients' financial needs and partnering with them for success.

Be an Employer of Choice, promoting a healthy environment, flexible working, and a connected culture.

Enhance shareholder value by targeting the Top 3 Peer Return on Equity (ROE).

## To support our goals, we continue to fortify our key enablers:

<!-- image -->

Our Human Capital Management team is transforming the employee lifecycle to deliver on our strategic ambition.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Our Risk Management Group is building our capabilities to allow for agility, the ability to take calculated risks, and pivot when challenges arise.

Our Information Technology Group is modernizing and future-proofing our infrastructure, while building resource capacity and capability to execute on our goals.

Further, our affiliation with MUFG enables global linkages that add value to our customers, employees, and other stakeholders.

We embed our strategy in the work we do every day-adding value to every interaction and providing a BetterBanking experience to our stakeholders.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Our economic contribution

GRI 201-1, 203-1

As shown by our Economic Value Distribution data, through our sustained growth, we enabled growth in other industriesfueling the economy's capability to bounce back. In addition, the conscientious companies and industries that the Bank has been supporting through its various services have also helped in improving the country's ESG profile as a whole.

The economic value that we generate for, and distribute to, various stakeholders includes salaries for employees, taxes for local and national government, sales for our suppliers and contractors, dividends for investors, and charitable contributions for disadvantaged sectors.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Our economic value generated and distributed in PHP million  2022  2021  Total economic  value generated  Direct economic value generated (revenue)  PHP39,635  PHP36,811  Total economic  value distributed  Includes operating costs, employee wages and  benefits, payments to providers of capital, payments to  government by country, and community investment  PHP25,510  PHP23,664  Operating costs  Cash payments outside the organization for material,  product components, facilities, and services (e.g., property  rental, license fees, royalties, etc.)  PHP370  PHP375  Employee wages  and benefits  Total payroll including employee salaries and amounts  paid to government institutions on behalf of employees,  total benefits or other cost items directly related to the  employee's job function  PHP7,539  PHP6,922  Stockholders  Payments to providers of capital as dividends to all  shareholders, plus interest payments made to providers of  loans (interest on all forms of debt and borrowings, arrears  of dividends due to preferred shareholders)  PHP2,265  PHP2,265  Governments  Taxes plus related penalties paid at the international,  national, and local levels; organization taxes can include  corporate, income, and property  PHP3,396  PHP3,418  Suppliers  Payment made for the provision of utilities, goods, and  services  PHP11,799  PHP10,486  Community  investment  Actual expenditures in the reporting period, not  commitments; community investments as voluntary  donations plus investment of funds in the broader  community where the target beneficiaries are external  to the organization  PHP141  PHP198  Direct economic  value retained  Direct economic value generated less economic value  distributed  PHP14,125  PHP13,147  Stockholder's data  Earnings per share (PHP)  14.00  9.17  Cash dividends declared (PHP MN)  2,265  2,265  Cash dividends per common share (PHP)  3  3  Cash dividends per preferred share July 10 issue (PHP)  0.0039  0.0039  Cash dividends per preferred share April 1 issue (PHP)  0.0048  0.0048  Stock dividends paid  None  None  Book value per share (PHP)  166.88  165.84   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Providing differentiated retail banking

More agile. More intuitive. 2022 was the year the Retail Banking Segment (RBS) strengthened its foundation to anticipate and better respond to customers' needs while growing its share in the mass affluent market.

Acquisition and customer satisfaction were integral to its goal. From improving processes to providing optimized points for customer interaction, RBS focused on the products and experiences that mattered most to its customers.

RBS offers financial services to the Bank's retail customers and is divided into three groups: Customer Segmentation, Retail Products, and Retail Channels.

## STRENGTHENED RELATIONSHIPS AND IMPROVED CUSTOMER JOURNEYS

Consumer demand recovery drove consumption upward in 2022. RBS was able to leverage this demand and saw a volume build-up for its cards and home loan products and services, even exceeding prepandemic levels. Nurtured partnerships with real estate developers such as Ayala Land and online aggregators helped extend the Bank's network and contributed to over 30% of home loan total bookings for the year. The segment also reported strong growth in CASA nearing its 2019 numbers and an increase in recoveries for auto loans from 2021.

2022 also saw effective collaboration between product, channels, customer segmentation, and analytics teams resulting in key successes for the year including:

- Implementation of cloud data platform - Referred to as the 'data lake,' the platform allowed RBS to work with analytics, risk, and data science teams to understand the available customer behavior data and gain better customer insights to deliver more intuitive services and offers at a given time.
- Increase in NTB customers - RBS saw a 65% increase in 2022, contributing to its mediumterm objective to gain top market share in its target segments. Complemented by analytics and digital marketing, RBS captured customer intent and shortened sales cycles through relevant engagements. On the digital front, tools like Exponea (marketing automation) and constant optimization of Google and Facebook ads charted the course for cost-efficient NTB acquisition. As a result, the average bank product holdings per new customer increased to 1.39 compared to 1.28 in 2021.
- Fortified ties with ETB customers - A more robust cross-selling program allowed RBS to deepen its relationship with Existing-to-Bank customers. Through a review of existing risk guidelines

<!-- image -->

supported by data-driven lead generation and the streamlining of application processes, RBS was able to reframe the value cross-sell could bring to its customer. This resulted in a product holdings per customer of 1.63-21% higher than in 2021.

•

- Delivery of new service channels - New ways of serving customers emerged through a more engaging presence on social media, a revamped website which saw a 246% growth in non-brand organic clicks since 2019, enhanced digital onboarding of new clients, and a more responsive in-app chat channel. The launch of eKYC in the latter part of the year allowed RBS to build momentum for customer growth. It enabled a more seamless online CASA account opening experience, improving turnaround times from seven days to 11 minutes, with an almost 100% increase in successful completions.
- Improved customer journeys and better products With strategic investments in improving processes that matter the most-from ATM and credit card delivery to cash advance requests and installment applications-the Bank saw higher CSAT throughout the year. As a result, it also gained significant operational cost savings of over PHP30 million. In addition, RBS also introduced the award-winning Security Bank Cashback Platinum Mastercard, which provides outright savings for everyday essentials. This product was recognized as the Best Credit Card Product in the Philippines at the 2022 Asian Banker Excellence Awards.

•

- Differentiated Wealth experience - Harnessing the expertise of the Bank's Wealth and Trust teams, RBS ensured that the affluent segment, which makes up over 60% of the Bank's Total Relationship Balance (TRB), received end-to-end and preferred treatment.
- Reinvention of collections process and management - A thorough revamp of the Bank's approach to its credit card and loan collections paved the way for lower account defaults and past dues.

With a keen focus on its customers, RBS was also able to de-couple its Corporate Salary Loan (CSL) and Personal Loan offerings to SB Finance, the consumer finance arm of Security Bank in partnership with Thailand's Krungsri (Bank of Ayudhya).

Further, with the help of automation, advanced digital tools, and the Bank's Future of Work approach, RBS employees enjoyed a hybrid work set-up, which enabled them to focus on core tasks that contributed greater value and boosted the organization's productivity.

## LOOKING AHEAD: FOCUS ON SEAMLESS CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE

Following through on digital transformation will be critical for RBS. In 2023, the segment will continue to optimize customer journeys, execute value propositions, enhance processes, provide seamless experiences, and strengthen employees' commitment to driving growth.

- System enhancements - RBS hopes to expand the scope of eKYC and make changes to its Loan Origination System (LOS). These will allow faster onboarding of customers, more seamless decisionmaking, and improved customer experience.

<!-- image -->

•

Continuous improvement on self-serve channels

- RBS' goal of customer-centricity entails quick and easy client interactions with the Bank. RBS will step up its digital-first or hybrid channels (improved chatbot, eKYC, revamp of online channels), and improve customer value propositions to grow its mass affluent customer base. With targeted initiatives, the emerging affluent and affluent customers can also expect differentiated experiences.
- Increase customer engagement - With continued investments in technology, whether through the cloud data platform or marketing automation software like Exponea, RBS hopes to deepen customer-product relationships, achieve higher balances and volumes, more usage, and stronger customer loyalty.

## Transforming the branch experience

Branch banking is an integral channel of the Bank to strengthen customer relationships and accelerates revenue growth, providing the human touch in an increasingly digital landscape. The Branch Banking Group (BBG) team has set itself up to deliver the right balance of meaningful, face-to-face interactions and online relationship-building to create seamless customer experiences.

Across internal process improvements and customerrelated initiatives, BBG's achievements in 2022 were characterized by one key theme: transition.

## BEYOND EXPECTATION IN 2022

BBG ended the year with a net income achievement rate of 131%. Due to an increase in monthly spread rates and achievement of budget in deposit volumes, its net margin exceeded the year's budget by 25%.

With a view to optimizing branches and poised to support RBS, WBS, and BBS, BBG realized the following successes in 2022:

- Achievement of KRAs - BBG reached its key targets for the year for New to Bank (NTB) and Existing to Bank (ETB), as well as credit cards and Business Express Loans (BEL).
- Branch transformation - With the easing of pandemic restrictions, BBG was able to implement the complete transformation of 11 branches. These branches not only bear the Bank's new signature look but also make various channels accessible to customers, providing quick access to banking products and services through automated machines and virtual spaces, enabling self-service filing of inquiries and requests. Six existing branches were renovated to the new transformed look, while five were relocated to high growth areas.
- Deployment of ATM with Cash Deposits (ATMCDs) BBG facilitated the migration from over-the-counter deposits to ATMCDs in selected branches. The group ran incentive campaigns at participating branches, resulting in cost savings.
- New Wealth creation model - BBG collaborated with consultants and other internal teams on a new 'Tripod Model.' Piloted in selected branches, this model provides enhanced relationship management through team-based delivery-where the Wealth Relationship Manager, the Investment Specialist, and the Service Specialist work closely with the Business Manager to improve customer experience.
- MSME support - By proactively offering loans, savings vehicles, investments, and non-financial services to MSMEs, BBG provided support to local businesses while surpassing its own targets in this sector: CASA by 177% and loans by 105%.
- Alignment across groups - BBG established the Spark 7 groups to discuss and monitor the progress of KRA deliverables: 1) ETB retail strategy, 2) Wholesale ecosystem strategy, 3) NTB and BBS strategy, 4) Wealth Management Strategy, 5) Compliance and Governance Strategy, 6) CSAT and Process Improvements, and 7) Sales Process and Productivity and Bancassurance. With Spark 7, BBG leaders collaborated with business partners and segment heads to develop and apply best strategies to meet business goals.
- People upskilling strategy - BBG implemented a people upskilling strategy where CSS-Tellers advanced as Universal Bankers (UBs) and Customer Advisors (CAs) had opportunities to be trained on investment products, as a path towards junior Wealth Managers. These enhancements enabled robust career pathways for BBG employees. Twenty-five UBs were deployed and 61 CSS-Tellers underwent training. Seven CAs were trained and certified to assist Wealth clients in selected branches.
- Process and CSAT improvements - A total of 27 process improvements related to Compliance, Audit and Risk (CAR) were implemented in 2022. BBG also reviewed a total of 97 policies for the year versus the target 60 policies, 51 of which were issued. BBG collaborated with the Service Analytics and Operations Group on Customer Satisfaction (CSAT) improvements.
- BBG Spiritual Wellness Ministry - In partnership with the bank chaplain, BBG launched its own Wellness Ministry to enhance spiritual growth and understanding, boost physical health, and improve leadership.

<!-- image -->

## LOOKING AHEAD: CONSISTENT CUSTOMER-CENTRICITY

BBG sees itself as stronger, more confident, and resilient-more opportunities are on the horizon to prove its ability to navigate future business challenges. Its work plan for 2023 focuses on the following 'BOSS' attributes:

- Build relationships
- Increase Operational efficiency
- Improve Service differentiation
- Continue Sustainability activities

BBG is ready to fully launch the Wealth Tripod Model in terms of customer engagement, further its people transformation strategies, and streamline branch policies and procedures to promote efficiency in operations and serve customers better.

In addition to the ongoing branch transformation, BBG aims to open many new branches in the next two years. Stringent standards will be set in terms of branding and queueing. Universal Banking training will be given to tellers and CAs to enable them to deliver straightthrough, value-added service.

BBG's overall strategy is designed to prepare the Bank to outpace the competition and thrive in the future. With a goal to serve customer's needs, improve CSAT, and achieve its goals, BBG will remain a strong channel for both retail, wholesale, and MSME customers.

## A virtual tour

The transformed Security Bank branches combine speed, convenience, and ease of access with personal faceto-face interactions. BBG ensures ease and convenience by making banking accessible on various channels:

- Virtual/Digital - Customers can access the Bank's online platforms via digital devices. This is also where they can do self-service filing of inquiries and requests.
- Self-service/Automated - In place of OTC transactions, the Bank encourages customers to make use of automated channels. For instance, ATMCD facilities located within the branch help them save time by eliminating queueing.
- Face to face - Customers who opt for face-to-face interaction are more than welcome. BBG enhances customer service by expanding the skill sets of branch personnel, particularly Universal Bankers and Customer Advisors, to provide value at every interaction.

The newly transformed branches received positive feedback from customers, especially those in the provinces. Customers highlighted not only the physical transformation but also the convenience during OTC transactions.

<!-- image -->

Learnings from the pandemic not only made us stronger but made us confident that we are resilient enough to navigate future shocks. Today, we are Built to Win, ready to effectively capitalize on opportunities from post-COVID recovery and against future business challenges.'

## Leslie Y. Cham

Branch Banking Group Head

## Offering innovative trust and investment products

## The Trust and Asset Management Group (TAMG)

offers a complete trust product line that includes investment products, trust, and fiduciary services that cater to all client segments of the Bank-retail customers, corporate, commercial, and MSME clients. TAMG enriches lives by optimizing returns and generating income for customers from the funds entrusted to the Bank. In 2022, TAMG's total Assets under Management (AUM) grew by 14% which translated to an increased full year gross revenue contribution to the Bank by 9% compared to the previous year.

## A CHANGED LANDSCAPE IN 2022

Responding to changes in client's behavior and preferences, TAMG offered a money market UITF variant that is more accessible to customers because of lower investment amounts. TAMG also offered new thematic funds through the two new feeder funds targeted for clients who wanted more options for their USD investible funds. TAMG also participated in several primary corporate bonds that were issued in 2022 by offering these to the Bank's clients via the Directed IMA account (or DIMA). As a direct result of the following 2022 initiatives, TAMG registered yet again, an all-time high AUM record, over 500 New-ToTrust customers investing in SB UITFs, and over 4,000 new to DIMA clients:

## · Launching tailor-made UITF and feeder funds

In 2022, the Bank launched the SB Peso Cash Management Fund-providing more accessibility to customers with its low investment entry amount, maintaining amount, and minimum top-up amount. TAMG also launched the SB US Technology Equity Index Feeder Fund, and the SB ESG Aware Equity Index Feeder Fund-the Bank's first thematic UITFs. The SB US Technology Equity Index Feeder Fund was designed for investors to gain access to US stocks in the technology sector through its target fund: Invesco NASDAQ 100 ETF. The SB ESG Aware Equity Index Feeder Fund was ideal for investors to gain access to US stocks with positive Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) characteristics, through its target fund: iShares ESG Aware MSCI USA ETF. The latter aligns with the Bank's #BetterBankingIsSustainable journey and commitment to clients.

With pandemic restrictions, these products were introduced through webinars: the new Thematic SB Feeder Funds product launch was led by the Equity Fund Managers and Sales Officers, with mostly Wealth clients in attendance; while the SB Peso Cash Management Fund product launch was led by the Fixed Income Fund Managers and Sales Officers and was attended by mostly mass and mass affluent customers.

<!-- image -->

## · Catering to changing investment appetites

- In 2022, the minimum initial and maintaining investment amounts for DIMA were lowered to allow more clients to participate and invest in their preferred investment outlets that included primary corporate bond issuances and purchases of securities from the secondary market that include Treasury Bills and corporate bonds. This made the Bank one of the few-if not the only-trust entity that allows clients' investment participation at PHP100,000 via the DIMA product.

Heeding clients' shift in investment appetite from money market funds to corporate bonds, several primary corporate bond issuances were made accessible through the DIMA product. To aid the existing and potential clients' investment discernment, TAMG prepared and supplied them with easily understandable Corporate Bond Primers for each bond issuance.

For branches and Wealth Managers, TAMG made indepth product and process content available to help them better assist clients who wanted to participate in primary bond offering. Top-selling branches and Wealth Managers were also recognized.

- Increasing financial literacy - To help clients make informed investment decisions, TAMG offered awareness webinars and programs such as 'Finding Solid Footing: A 2021 Market Recap and 2022 Outlook' and 'Almost on Solid Ground: Markets at a Critical Juncture'; and regular updates on 'Trust Tuesdays Facebook Live.' through social media. In addition, clients gained access to valuable insights through Monthly Market Huddle Reports and updated Special Market Reports.

## LOOKING AHEAD: BUILD FURTHER, HIGHER, BETTER

As the landscape continues to evolve, TAMG will expand investment options to include Principal Protected Structured Notes. It will also continue to offer customers the full spectrum of investments and trust and fiduciary services.

Digital channels have become a reliable resource to increase awareness about TAMG's investment products, specifically through social media channels and email direct messaging (EDM). Relationships and communication channels also remain open through a variety of marketing content designed for specific needs of existing and potential clients, as well as branches and Wealth Managers.

To meet the Bank's sustainability targets, paperless initiatives and reports automation-that allow easy access to documents and swift submission of reportswill continue. Maximizing available and developing technology, online banking features will be further improved to make the Bank's UITF products convenient and attractive to more clients.

Finally, towards becoming the most customer-centric bank, TAMG will continue the Trust Relationship Investments Officers (TRIO) program, where Sales Officers are the TRIO for trust investment products, providing investment solutions to corporate clients with the end goal of being a one-stop shop for all their investment and trust needs.

## Caring for customers

GRI 3-3, 416-1, 418-1, 417-2, 417-3

The Customer Care Department (CCD) has worked throughout the year to care for its clients, ensuring their concerns are addressed appropriately and promptly. The team consistently adopts a Complaints Management Framework in handling customer concerns. The framework defines the process for intake, verification, handling, escalation, fulfillment, and response to complaints received through the Bank's frontline communication channels and various regulatory bodies.

CCD monitors insights from CSAT surveys conducted by the Bank in 2022. From the CSAT data, analytics showed that the key points of opportunity in the customer journey were in the areas of:

- Customer information update
- Security Bank Online-related inquiries
- Card delivery inquiry
- Card inquires (credit limit increase, card fees, card installment)

To address these, the team successfully implemented the following initiatives:

- An 'Employee Get Employee' program and hiring acceleration with the assistance of managers and team leaders to augment manpower.
- Optimized training duration by 25% to expedite deployment of staff to production.
- Skills-based routing methodology to regulate volume traffic and enable faster turnaround in answering calls.
- Cross-skilling of non-voice staff to optimize capacity and expedite backlog reduction.
- Five-week forecasting model to improve volume and staffing projections, ensuring critical intervals are properly resourced.
- Proactive callouts to unsatisfied customers as a way of service recovery.
- Point of call resolution approach on actions/ dispositions in relation to fee-related concerns and requests.

Furthermore, as a fitting response to changing customer needs, the Bank continued to pursue a holistic approach to digital transformation-across Operations, Human Capital Management, network, cloud, digital banking platforms/channels, and technology stack. Our technology evolution continues to be a competitive advantage.

## · Strengthening protection of data privacy

The Bank is vigilant in protecting the privacy of our clients, cognizant of the fact that all processes involving the creation, processing, storage, use, and transmission of information would involve some measure of data security risk exposure. Given current fraud trends, more attention has been focused on digital channels (internet banking via mobile and web) and the core back-end systems that support them and hold the personal and account information of the bank's customers.

•

## Automating processes for better customer

- experience - The Bank conducted extensive analyses to determine operational challenges and find improvement opportunities. By automating processes, the Bank reduced errors, generated efficiencies, and sped up turnaround times. Positive impact included:
- » Decreased escalated customer complaints on payment posting concerns by 91%.
- » Improved ATM card replacement and checkbook reorder average turnaround time from three days to one day.
- » Reduced Statement of Account (SOA) for Home Loans request average turnaround time from 102 days to two and a half days.
- » Improved History of Account (HOP) request average turnaround time from 13 days to 6 days.

## CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

| Segment  Score  Wholesale Banking Segment  97%   |
|--------------------------------------------------|

## MARKETING &amp; LABELING

| Requirements  Quantity  Total no. of incidents of non-  compliance with regulations resulting  in a fine or penalty  2021 to 2022 - none  Total no. of incidents of non-  compliance with regulations resulting  in a warning  2021 to 2022 - none  Total no. of incidents of non-  compliance with voluntary codes  2021 to 2022 - none  Total no. of substantiated complaints  2021 to 2022 - none  Total no. of complaints addressed  2021 to 2022 - none   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Powering customer experiences with Enterprise Technology &amp; Operations

Not only an enabler-but a partner of the business in achieving goals and aspirations. This was the goal of the Enterprise Technology &amp; Operations (ETO) Segment when it was established in 2021. ETO comprises the Information Technology Group (ITG), Information Security Group (ISG), Operations Group (OG), and the Testing Center of Excellence (TCOE).

The work of ETO had a two-pronged foundation: a strong and secure technology backbone and a skilled, service-oriented workforce.

## OPTIMIZED OPERATIONS AND A REFRESHED TECH ROADMAP

In 2022, ETO formulated and implemented structural and systemic changes to leapfrog the Bank into the future-for existing and future clients, at all touchpoints.

ITG reassessed and recalibrated the Bank's technology roadmap based on the organization's top-down vision and strategy, bottom-up project realities, and the evolving business landscape. The refresh intensified the Bank's capabilities to respond to customers' changing needs and preferences by focusing on the right technologies and organizational structures.

In parallel, the Operations team took a customer-first attitude and culture shift to adopt technology, while shoring up its workforce with risk management, regulatory, and other capability training.

In 2022, ETO achieved success in the following areas:

- ITG systems streamlining and organizational restructure - The Technology Management Uplift (TMU) program was launched to drive the Bank's transformation journey. This program will create a world-class technology function delivering a modern, simplified data and technology infrastructure landscape; a collaborative operating model between business and technology; a future-ready technology workforce and culture; a well-defined ecosystem and sourcing model; and leading-edge cybersecurity capabilities.

To ensure that core banking is consistently available, the legacy system Fusion Banking Equation's (FBEQ's) end-of-day and end-of-month (EOD/EOM) processing was streamlined through the iStream/ iBoost initiative. Consistent uptime of FBEQ allows channels, including customer-facing applications like Security Bank Online and DigiBanker, to be available earlier, daily, and enable customers to transact realtime/online (day mode).

<!-- image -->

Further, with APIs as the key foundation in the technology roadmap, the rollout of core channel systems and transformational platforms like the Payment Hub and Gateway were initiated. By instituting the Central API (CAPI), ITG enabled the enhanced delivery of core transformation programs.

- Operations and process automation - Several processes were streamlined and automated which created efficiencies, man-hour/manpower savings, quality of service improvements, shortened TATsaddressing customer pain points. These included:
- » Automatic generation of Statements of Account (SOA) and History of Payment (HOP) for consumer loans delivered service faster-contributing to the YoY improvement of complaints volume (77% for payment-related complaints) and CSAT on HOP requests (TAT went from Very Dissatisfied to Very Satisfied in 2022).
- » The 'Magaling at Magiliw na Security Guard (SG)' program, which improved improved SG competence while ensuring they were respectful, helpful, and courteous. This program resulted in fewer complaints and better performance ratings.
- » Enhanced armored car tellering system with additional new Deposit Pick-up (DPU) clients.
- » CSAT through QR code, expediting client feedback on customer experience.
- » Tool to quickly process requests for ATM card replacement, PIN mailer replacement, and checkbook reorder in bulk.
- » Completion of Operations Group Buddy-enabled centralization of all requests, issues, and concerns.
- » Security and Safety Caravans implemented across all branches. Inspections retraining of SGs were rolled out in one weekend, nationwide, resulting in discovery and correction of many security and safety issues.
- » Establishment of gun-clearing stations and the implementation of a three-tiered defense system vastly improved safety for both employees and clients.
- Strengthened cybersecurity - ETO shifted its perspective to focus on detection and response capabilities, including the activation of network anomaly detection and response, threat hunting, and threat intelligence services to augment the Bank's managed security and incident response capabilities. The risk-based frameworks and increased spend on cybersecurity to focus on prevalent offensive attacks and high-risk vulnerabilities, mitigating cybersecurity attacks by up to 85%. The workforce was also upskilled and certified in the areas of Incident Response and Digital Forensics. Regular training sessions and regular issuance of fraud bulletins kept the team abreast of fraud trends.
- Internal CSAT recognition - Four units in Operations were among the top 5 in internal CSAT. The Clearing Department won the Internal CSAT's Most Customer Centric - Best in Customer Service award while the Corporate and Consumers Loans Department won the Most Improved Award during the Bank's Outstanding Security Bankers Achievements and Milestones (OSAM) Awards.
- Evolution of WFH environment - The transition to a hybrid model work arrangement enabled the team to reconnect with people face-to-face which improved collaboration. This provided an opportunity to downsize substantial physical office space, reducing recurring operating expenses.

## LOOKING AHEAD: FUTURE-PROOFING THE BANK

ETO looks to make great strides in enabling the Bank to become the most customer-focused and technologydriven in the country.

Foundational programs will be mobilized to drive digitization: BetterBanking Experience (BBX) and the Payment Hub and Gateway (PHG). BBX will accelerate delivery of a continuum of BetterBanking experiences through omni-channel capabilities for retail, corporate, and MSMEs customers. PHG is a single-payment platform that will harmonize customer-centric processes and drive transaction costs down. More importantly, it will improve overall operation efficiency. A major benefit of PHG is that it will allow the Bank to align with Philippine regulatory and market initiatives into payment schemes such as PESONet, InstaPay, PhilPass Plus, PDDTS, and SWIFT.

ETO will also be more aggressive in its automation initiative with the completion of the new tellering/lobby management/Signature Verification System (SVS), core banking modernization, Check Image Clearing System (CICS) upgrade, power scanning improving TAT in sending outward checks to PCHC, and the new Loan Origination System (LOS).

The team looks to achieve success working as one team.

- Increasing operational efficiency and better risk management through automation.
- Keeping workspaces safe for employees and customers.
- Helping business segments achieve their targets through technology, improved processed, and bestin-class operations.

ETO received a multitude of awards, including Grand Champion, Smart New Approach on Process and Procedure 2022 for iStream/iBoost initiative; Winner, 2022 Internal CSAT Award for Most Customer Centricity for Clearing Department; Straight Through Processing (STP) Excellence Awards for Outstanding Payment Formatting and Straight Through Rate awarded by Standard Chartered Bank (one award for USD payments and another for Euro payments) and Bank of New York (for USD payments).

<!-- image -->

## Championing employee well-being and development

GRI 2-7

You matter. These two words are the core of Human Capital Management's (HCM) mandate: serving the Bank's employees.

In 2022, HCM successfully implemented initiatives to manage employees' learning and development, leadership and performance, and personal well-being. In exploring new spaces and formats for delivering learning sessions and ensuring that employees are fit for their specific roles, HCM led the way in implementing a high-performance culture for the Bank's workforce. HCM also championed the Bank's distinct Future of Work (FoW) program, a hybrid work arrangement that has enabled remote working for employees, a clear differentiator in the industry, while providing hotdesking and physical venues for employee interaction.

HCM was recognized in the 2022 Outstanding Security Banker Achievements and Milestones Awards: Smart New Approaches to Processes and Procedures as the First Runner Up for its Empowering Security Bankers in the New Normal Project. The Philippine Daily Inquirer and Statista also named the Bank among 2023 Philippines' Best Employers, emerging as the top local bank employer.

## BUILDING A HIGHLY ENGAGED, HIGH-PERFORMANCE CULTURE

One of the most important realizations of 2022, post-pandemic, was that work would never be the same again. To respond to this challenge, HCM used technology to deliver training efficiently and to make it more accessible using blended learning tools. Virtual and hybrid strategies resulted in 70% cost reduction and allowed employees to continue learning even in the comfort of their homes.

2022 was a very successful year for the HCM segment and this was demonstrated through the following initiatives:

- Focused approach to talent managemen t - The creation of the SBC leadership capability framework provided a library of competencies for critical roles to aid in succession planning and preparation for future roles. Knowing the strengths of employees and areas where they needed support, HCM was able to provide fit-for-purpose initiatives for their development. Ultimately, this led to a more focused and targeted approach to hiring, developing, and engaging talent.
- Qualitative measurement of performance outcomes - In addition to Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for measuring performance

<!-- image -->

outcomes of L1 leaders, HCM also introduced the behavior rating for performance management. With this, HCM was able to measure what was achieved, how the goals were delivered, and how employees behaved, enabling the Bank to achieve a values-led, high-performance culture.

- Expansion of learning spaces - The transition to LearnSpace, a new Learning Management System (LMS) allowed efficient and flexible delivery of employee training, resulting in:
- » 70% cost savings versus face-to-face training.
- » PHP5 million cost savings on vendor fees versus outsourced eLearning development.
- » Reduction of trainer teach days from an average of 35 days to 24 days due to conversion of traditional to blended learning approach.

With 100% of bank employees utilizing and accessing LearnSpace 24/7, it also provided timely feedback for helpdesk concerns, and data-driven measures of learning effectiveness.

- Outcome-based indicators of training effectiveness - SBC Academy, which put in place a robust learning ecosystem, was able to measure training effectiveness through structured and outcome-based metrics that quantified the financial impact of the training. As an example, the Branch Banking Group increased profitability by 41% from January to June 2022 after upskilling the group's sales employees in virtual and telephone crossselling. The Retail Banking Segment also benefited from customized training solutions for its Credit Cards Telesales Team, which reached its lift in efficiency rates after the program.
- Better learning culture - HCM introduced the Learner Badges so that personal and professional courses could be taken in LinkedIn Learning in a gamified manner. The Learning Hour encouraged employees to dedicate at least 20 minutes of their time to learning. New hires were provided with more targeted and role-based learning paths and a seamless onboarding experience.
- Better coaching culture - Data from the GLINT Employee Engagement Survey and Mind You's Employee Mental Health Survey, among others, aided HCM in providing opportunities to develop leaders of the organization through the People Enabler Program (PEP). Leadership courses were included in PEP to transform people managers into coaches guiding and supporting their teams towards achieving bank objectives.

## · Addressing learning needs of communities

HCM continued its advocacy of promoting quality education through Learn for a Cause-for every hour spent on LinkedIn Learning courses, SBC Academy donated PHP1 to Security Bank Foundation's Regalo Mo, Kinabukasan Ko program. In 2022, the Bank completed 200,000 learning hours, equivalent to a PHP200,000 donation, which benefited five scholars across Metro Manila.

- Pandemic-related initiatives - HCM partnered with a mental health wellness provider, Mind You, to give employees access to the services they need to cope with day-to-day stressors. COVID-19 booster shots were also provided to employees and their dependents.

## CELEBRATING DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION GRI 3-3, 406-1, 2-25

In 2022, the Bank maintained its over ~7,000-strong workforce at a stable 1:2 ratio of male to female. By championing the Future of Work, HCM has stood firm as an advocate of diversity and inclusion. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, the Bank ensured that all employees had equal opportunities for career movement. Hiring and promotion decisions were based on qualifications while merit increases were based solely on performance, without bias for gender. At the same time, the Bank reviewed its compensation and benefits packages to ensure that it provides employees with fair wages and benefits at par with industry standards.

HCM's programs were essential in successfully retaining talent and these programs focused on providing an overall rewarding employee experience that recognized people's contribution and collaboration towards the Bank's continued development and success.

•

Meaningful Performance Management process

- Aligned with the principles of BetterBanking, this process considers both goal rating (what was achieved) and behavior rating (how the goals were achieved and how the employees behaved). HCM used various means and tools, depending on the employee's role, to monitor performance and results. Excellent performers achieved merit increases, promotions, and public recognition through various company-wide programs: OSAM Awards, SBC Compliments, Service Tenure Awards, and CSAT Kudos.
- Listening to our people - HCM let every employee know and understand that their voice mattered. The Bank maintained various channels that were accessible and available to all employees and that allowed them to address concerns or grievances. These channels include the Security Bank Employees' Union, the Management and Labor Committee, and an open-door policy that bolsters our Whistleblower Program. Any complaints raised were properly investigated, deliberated, and addressed.
- Addressing concerns with respect - The Whistleblower Program and other escalation procedures are in place, and these are designed to help employees address their concerns without the fear of discrimination and/or retaliation. Employees have the option to report any irregularities by accomplishing a form, by sending an email to: speak\_up@securitybank.com.ph, or other reporting authorities. Once a report is received, HCM evaluates the report, performs an investigation, initiates an administrative due process, or refers the matter to concerned units for resolution.

<!-- image -->

## EMPLOYEES GRI 2-7, 2-8, 405-1

| Category  Male  Female  Total  &lt; 30 y.o.  30-50 y.o.  &gt; 50 y.o.  &lt; 30 y.o.  30-50 y.o.  &gt; 50 y.o.  Contract type  Full-time  936  1,311  156  2,401  2,292  248  7,344*  Part-time  0  0  0  0  0  0  -  Position  Senior Management  1  78  189  -  127  222  617  Middle Management  392  75  958  806  121  1,803  4,155  Staff  543  3  164  1,595  267  2,572  Corporate-wide  Corporate Office  566  826  77  1,239  1,138  105  3,951  Branch Office  370  485  79  1,162  1,154  143  3,393  Region-wide distribution  Luzon  818  1,134  121  2,131  2,042  205  6,451  Visayas  33  70  13  143  121  23  403  Mindanao  85  107  22  127  129  20  490   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excludes SB Finance, Inc. and SBML.

## EMPLOYEES IN THE LOCAL COMMUNITY GRI 202-2

| Category  Male  Female  Total  &lt; 30 y.o.  30-50 y.o.  &gt; 50 y.o.  &lt; 30 y.o.  30-50 y.o.  &gt; 50 y.o.  Contract  Full-time  301  343  53  826  735  82  2,340  Part-time  0  0  0  0  0  0  -  Position  Senior Management  0  31  21  0  37  41  130  Middle Management  103  246  31  274  600  41  1,295  Staff  198  66  1  552  98  0  915   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NEW HIRES GRI 401-1

| Male  Female  Total  &lt; 30 y.o.  30-50 y.o.  &gt; 50 y.o.  &lt; 30 y.o.  30-50 y.o.  &gt; 50 y.o.  479  233  8  900  276  11  1,907   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TURNOVER GRI 401-1

| Male  Female  Total  &lt; 30 y.o.  30-50 y.o.  &gt; 50 y.o.  &lt; 30 y.o.  30-50 y.o.  &gt; 50 y.o.  266  222  8  568  261  5  1,330   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TENURE

| Male  Female  Total  &lt; 1 year  1 year - &lt; 5 years  5-20 years  &gt; 20 years  &lt;1 year  1 year - &lt; 5  years  5-20 years  &gt; 20 years  613  889  830  71  1,027  1,781  1,962  171  7,344   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BENEFITS GRI 401-2

| Benefits  Provided  % of women who  availed  % of men who availed  SSS  Maternity  Yes  5.57%  0.00%  Sickness  Yes  4.43%  3.25%  SSS Loan  Yes  20.87%  15.27%  PhilHealth  Yes  7.83%  3.70%  Pag-IBIG  Yes  8.03%  5.62%  Parental leave  Yes  7%  3%  Vacation leave  Yes  83%  77%  Sick leave  Yes  81%  73%  Medical benefits (aside from PhilHealth)  Yes  100%  100%  Housing assistance (aside from Pag-IBIG)  Yes  .08%  .08%  Retirement fund (aside from SSS)  Yes  1.72%  1.33%  Further education support (scholarships)  Yes  2%  0.9%  Company Stock options  No  Telecommuting  Yes  56%  73%  Flexible working hours  Yes  55%  71%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PARENTAL LEAVE GRI 401-3

| Indicators  Male  Female  Total  Total number of employees that were entitled to parental leave  4,941  2,403  7,344  Total number of employees that took parental leave in 2022  76  355  431  Total number of employees that returned to work in 2022 after parental leave ended  76  355  431  Return to work rate  1  1  1  Total number of employees who availed the parental leave in 2022 and returned to  work in 2023  0  82  82  Total number of employees that took parental leave in 2021  69  301  370  Retention rate  0  27%  22%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SOLO PARENTAL LEAVE

| Indicators  Male  Female  Total  Total number of employees that were entitled to parental leave  1  38  39  Total number of employees that took parental leave in 2022  1  33  34  Total number of employees that returned to work in 2022 after parental leave  ended  1  33  34  Return to work rate  1  1  1  Total number of employees who availed the parental leave in 2022 and returned to  work in 2023  0  0  0  Total number of employees that took parental leave in 2021  0  19  19  Retention rate  -  0  0   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## RATIO OF STANDARD ENTRY LEVEL WAGE BY GENDER COMPARED TO LOCAL MINIMUM WAGE

GRI 202-1

| Disclosure  Male  Female  Standard entry level wage  14,400.00  14,400.00  Local minimum wage  14,992.50  14,992.50  Ratio  1.00  1.00  Average hourly wage  71.29  71.29  % of in-store and distribution center  employees earning min. wage  0  0   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PERCENTAGE OF EMPLOYEES IN COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS

GRI 2-30

| No. of employees under CBA  1,287  % of employees under CBA  18%  No. of consultations conducted with  employees concerning employee-  related policies  2   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## EMPOWERING LEADERS TO DELIVER BETTERBANKING

The Bank's Succession Planning Policy ensures business continuity by building a reliable pipeline of leaders. In 2022, we launched the SBC Leadership Capability Framework that outlines the 'DNA' of the Security Bank leader and lists the competencies needed by the organization.

- SBC Leadership Capability Framework (LCF) This framework provides proficiency levels for each of the leadership ranks, from the most junior to the top executives.
- Technical Competency Framework (TCF) - As a complement to the LCF, the TCF helps us define the technical skills and proficiency levels needed per role. Against this framework, the Bank will be able to identify the skills gaps, make better decisions around workforce planning, and deliver fit-for-purpose programs to upskill the workforce.
- Leadership Skills Gap Analysis for people managers - We have completed a Leadership Skills Gap Analysis covering all people managers. The results will feed into workforce planning, training and development, succession planning, and talent development programs starting in 2023.
- Learning Governance Committee - The committee addresses concerns about potential 'learning fatigue' by periodically reviewing all training programs initiated either by SBC Academy or by the business units. The committee, along with the Learning Partners and SMEs, classified the critical programs as 'Learn Now' or 'Learn Later.' Through the committee's help, HCM provided fit-for-purpose learning solutions that are critical to an employee's role in the Bank.

## GRI 404-1, 404-2, 404-3

| Indicators  Total  Total training hours  322,570  Total number of employees who  attended the trainings  5,007  Average hours of training  45.63  Total no. of trainings conducted (internal)  131  Total no. of trainings conducted  (external)  66   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PROMOTING WORKPLACE SAFETY

GRI 3-3, 403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 403-4, 404-5,403-6, 403-7, 403-9, 403-10

When the government further eased COVID-19 restrictions in 2022, the Bank showed its full support through the reiteration of its Health and Safety Policy that works on the principle of active collaboration among all employees to maintain a healthy and safe workplace for all.

- Consistent practice of Health and Safety protocols Security Bank continued implementation of thermal scanning at entrances for employees, clients, and visitors, along with wearing of face masks in enclosed areas.
- Continuous communications and reminders Coming from a successful vaccination program, campaigns continued on the proper use of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), along with maintaining a high level of hygiene, with emphasis on handwashing and responsibly staying at home if not feeling well. An Office Ergonomics webinar was conducted and the practice of a 5-minute stand break every two hours for the care of people's musculoskeletal health was implemented.
- Caring for mental health - We partnered with provider Mind You to provide mental healthcare solutions to deal with change, cope with stress, and prioritize self-care. Employees had access to psychological counseling sessions, online learning materials, and wellness webinars, among others.
- Using insights from Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment, and Control (HIRAC) - These insights addressed our day-to-day operations and processes concerns through the joint management-worker health and safety committee. There were also Safety Officers appointed for each branch or facility to field any report from employees on work-related hazards and hazardous situations. Any work-related incidents were investigated by Security Officers or Safety Officers to determine the proximate cause of the incident, isolate the area, immediately implement corrective measures, or escalate the issue to concerned units.

•

- Training on disaster preparedness - In 2022, the Bank participated in the National Simultaneous Earthquake Drill (NSED) as well as the Tabletop Drill for Fire.

<!-- image -->

## LOOKING FORWARD: BETTER PEOPLE FOR BETTERBANKING

As the Bank moves into becoming a more competencybased organization, HCM's role remains critical. The segment looks forward to building on the success from 2022 with new plans for 2023 including:

- Launching a new HCM system - This will be a one-stop-shop for all employee information, centralize employee rewards and recognition, and provide opportunities to build camaraderie among teams.
- Move toward a competency-based organization With the establishment of the SBC Capability Framework, we are primed to use this for other HR processes that support the employee's lifecycle. The framework, which has been tailored to align with the Bank's vision, values, and strategy, will be the basis for hiring talent, offering competency-based training and development opportunities, rewarding, and recognizing our people-all the way to retirement.
- New partnerships - HCM will work with partners, such as Nomura Research Institute (NRI) to create a culture roadmap. It also looks to works with partners such as Amazon Web Services (AWS) to introduce gamified learning methodologies that will encourage collaboration and infuse fun in learning.
- Increased sense of purpose - In line with the 'You Matter' Employee Value Proposition (EVP), HCM will enhance current people programs and employee engagement activities to build a culture of gratitude and giving back, and promote a sense of inclusion and belongingness.

<!-- image -->

The Bank stands out in the region because of the progress it has made toward a gender-neutral view of recruitment and the number of women in middle and senior management positions. Women hold about 58% of the senior management positions, and the Bank has consistently come top in the Philippines in recent years for this metric.'

## Asiamoney

## HOW WE CREATE MEANINGFUL IMPACT

## Empowering businesses

<!-- image -->

## Partnering for growth and stability in financial markets

Treasury delivers on the BetterBanking promise through its mutually beneficial interactions with counterparties and market participants; and by providing value-driven, innovative, and varied investment and hedging opportunities for clients.

## ENHANCED PROCESSES AND STRENGTHENED CLIENT ENGAGEMENT

As it was a challenging year with unexpected events that affected financial markets, such as the RussiaUkraine war and the aggressive Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) rate hiking cycle, Treasury recalibrated its funding plans in the second half of the year, tapping the market in July and November 2022 and focusing on liquidity and regulatory ratios. The year saw Treasury's achievements in:

- Increased investment activity - Fixed Income (FI) sales gains were 50% above the previous year's performance, as investment activity of Wealth clients leaned towards USD bonds and asset swap products. By helping clients hedge their FX exposure risk despite the rapid depreciation of the Philippine peso versus the US dollar, FX sales income increased by 13%, generating healthy returns.
- Successful fundraising efforts - Treasury marked a milestone by raising more than PHP30 billion worth of corporate bonds-the largest ever in its history-to support lending activities and expand its funding base. The successful issuance and oversubscription of these corporate bonds due 2024 was a testament to investor confidence in the Bank.
- Improved processes - Licensing up traders in the corporate sales desk enabled the team to crosssell government securities as well as medium-to long-term government bonds (ROPs), increasing wallet share with conglomerates and institutional clients. The team also worked to improve service and pricing-ensuring speed to market.
- Enhanced customer experience - The team enabled efficiency and ease of transactions with digitally signed documents, including certificates of sale and Time Deposit certificates. When needed, documents were delivered by bank representatives and retrieved at clients' convenience.

Through online platforms, more client calls and meetings were conducted, although face-to-face meetings resumed as well. The team kept clients abreast of movements in the market, providing timely and accurate advice. The team received many compliments from its clients on its efficient execution of trades, despite hindrances brought about by the pandemic.

<!-- image -->

- Success with Wealth clients - A change from product approach to portfolio approach served the needs of Wealth clients well. Leveraging the Wealth Tripod Model at select branches-enhanced relationship management through team-based delivery. Wealth Centers were put in place, new sales processes implemented, and new products introduced. This resulted in significant volume and revenue for fixed income trades, higher Total Relationship Balance (TRB), and the acquisition of New-To-Bank and New-To-Investment clients for these branches.

## LOOKING AHEAD: BUILDING ON THE MOMENTUM

Treasury looks forward to continuing the good momentum, increasing its business with clients recovering from the pandemic (FMCG, retail, etc.), and launching new yield-enhancing products upon BSP approval. Its vision is to have an investments distribution team focused on the investment needs of the Wealth segment by providing multi-asset product sets as investment options.

While being actively involved in the financial marketsmonitoring closely and reacting accordingly-Treasury will continue to provide timely advice and help its clients navigate the challenging economic environment.

We made history with our corporate bond issuances and are proud of the Bank's inclusion in the bi-annual list of BAP and Bloomberg's Top 12 Most Active FX Market Participants. The Bank also became one of the top FX banks for counterparties, winning awards in both FI and FX categories. No less than the Philippines's Bureau of Treasury named us one of the top Government Securities Eligible Dealers (GSED) market makers. We have consistently received outstanding scores for external CSAT, as well as The Asset and FMAP awards, among others.'

## Raul Martin A. Pedro

Financial Markets Segment Head

## Growing assets and deepening corporate and commercial relationships

The Wholesale Banking Segment (WBS) provides a suite of banking products and services to large corporate and commercial accounts through its Corporate Banking Group and Commercial Banking Group (i.e., CorBank and ComBank). Relationship teams in WBS are supported by Product teams such as the Financial Markets Segment (FMS) for treasury services, Transaction Banking Group (TBG) for trade and cash management services, SB Capital Investment Corporation for investment banking transactions, SB Equities, Inc. for stock brokerage services, Security Bank Marubeni (SBM) Leasing, Inc. and SB Rental Corporation for financial and operating lease requirements.

In building and deepening client relationships, WBS takes a proactive approach-understanding clients' businesses, investing in what matters to them, and developing solutions that resolve pain points and address evolving needs. WBS' approach is anchored on five strategic pillars: 1) Operating Model, 2) Focus Segments, 3) Commercial Excellence, 4) Digital Platform, and 5) Risk Management.

## CONVERSION, COLLABORATION, CLIENT SATISFACTION

The marching order to WBS at the start of 2022 was clear: grow assets profitably. WBS wrapped an outstanding year by posting a 19% growth in wholesale loans and investments in corporate bonds.

At the heart of WBS' efforts to intensify its asset drive was the strong engagement with conglomerates and corporate clients in various industries. This led to the creation of ecosystems, giving them the opportunity to engage and cross-sell. WBS completed its Focus Segment team in 2022 to drive the business and grow New-To-Bank clients (NTBs) in FMCG, healthcare, and other collection-heavy industries. Further, FMCG and healthcare specialists helped in identifying needs of clients and developing unique solutions. Through the collaboration with MUFG and its partner banks, WBS opened new business opportunities for clients, adding value to overall relationships.

CorBank posted a significant increase in other income YoY, mostly driven by fees and commissions from capital market deals such as Vista Land and Lifescapes, Inc. Corporate Note Issuance, Miescor Infrastructure Development Corporation Syndicated Term Loan, and Ayala Land, Inc. Bond Offering. Other achievements of CorBank include:

<!-- image -->

- Client-focused solutions - The group supported clients by sharing economic and interest rate insights and offering flexibility in pricing structures to tide them over a highly volatile interest rate regime. Hedging solutions were also made available to address foreign exchange risks; credit limits of corporate clients were increased to provide additional working capital to mitigate rising costs.
- Support for challenged accounts - CorBank worked with the Enterprise Risk Evaluation Division and Loans Product Management (LPM) to manage Expected Credit Losses (ECL). Together, they were able to monitor challenged accounts, be proactive in identifying risk areas, and provide solutions to avoid downgrading clients' credit classification.
- Award-winning client satisfaction - CorBank's Financial Institution Desk emerged as second runner-up in the Bank's Customer-Centricity Award (External). This award recognized the team for providing consistently excellent customer service, passing CSAT scores every quarter during the assessment period, garnering one of the highest average CSAT scores bank-wide over two years, and receiving at least 30 CSAT survey responses in 2020 and 2021. The recognition was based on feedback from customers in terms of turnaround time, creativity of products, and pricing.

Meanwhile, ComBank initiatives in 2022 led to:

- Coverage of untapped accounts - ComBank engaged with over 530 NTB clients despite the economic and political challenges of 2022. The embedding of senior management in engagements strengthened customer ties. This was critical in the conversion of non-borrowing to borrowing accounts, as well as in the increase in Product Penetration Rate (PPR).
- Increase in business volumes - ComBank posted a 9% YoY growth in loans and a significant increase in deposits. These are attributed to the aggressive sales approach, clear pricing strategies and special deposit rates.
- Participation in cash management and capital market deals - ComBank successfully implemented more than 2,000 simple and complex cash management deals, resulting in an uptick in low-cost CASA accounts. Despite the increase in FX and lending rates at the start of 2H 2022, CASA contribution, as well as client relationships, remained stable.

The hallmark of WBS' success in 2022 was collaboration-not only between CorBank and ComBank-but also across teams such as the Alliance Segment, which provided clients with leads for potential suppliers, customer distribution channels, joint ventures, and acquisition prospects. The segment also worked with SB Capital and TBG to participate in capital market deals and secure cash management service mandates. Team spirit remained high to drive business growth and achieve the year's goals and objectives.

<!-- image -->

## LOOKING AHEAD: CONTINUED FOCUS ON CUSTOMER-CENTRICITY

WBS is on a relentless quest to achieve customercentricity through wider coverage, with more clients served across industries. The team will continue to drive market share by growing its asset base profitably, driving cross-sell, increasing deposits, other incomes and fee-based transactions.

In line with the Bank's Future of Work approach, WBS will continue its hybrid work set-up to enable Relationship Managers and frontliners to spend more time with clients, perform face-to-face visits and calls, further deepen relationships. The segment looks to:

- Enhance process improvements - WBS will invest in new tools to execute and implement projects identified for service management and credit process improvements, including turnaround time and mitigation of risks.
- Add focus industries - On top of FMCG and healthcare, WBS will also develop products, solutions, and unique value propositions for other growth industries such as utilities, real estate, automotive, trade, and logistics.

WBS remains focused on driving customer-centricity and enhancing shareholder value. We aim to increase our market share, building on what we have achieved in 2022 to grow our assets, focused on enhancing profitability. We will continue to partner with our clients and as importantly, take care of our people, ensuring they remain engaged and fully committed.'

## Charles M. Rodriguez

Wholesale Banking Segment Head

## Enabling Filipino MSMEs

Security Bank's goal of customer-centricity was reinforced in 2022 with the establishment of a separate business unit to care for Micro, Small, and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs)-the Business Banking Segment (BBS) .

As pandemic restrictions eased and Filipinos sought to regain more solid footing in economic recovery, BBS played a key role in extending much-needed support to MSMEs, which comprise 99.5% of all business firms in the Philippines.

## SETTING THE FOUNDATION IN 2022

Reorganization and innovation were key achievements in 2022. With a mindset that combined the best of retail and wholesale banking, BBS established a team and structure to understand the individual behind the business and the fundamentals of the business itself. Key functions were designated in 2022 such as the Customer Value Proposition (CVP) team to develop holistic customer solutions and drive client engagement; the Middle Office to support client servicing requirements which included the creation of a dedicated Customer Care team focused on addressing business clients' requests.

The team was able to ramp up its sales volume for Luzon, Visayas, and Mindanao-achieving volume increase targets in collaboration with the sales team. Business activity was manifested by rising loan bookings, increasing fee income, and improved NPL ratios to pre-pandemic levels. Loan bookings rose 107% and fee income grew 20%, driven by income from foreign exchange transactions.

BBS' product offerings enabled MSMEs to optimize the benefits of their checking account product, BusinessPlus, as well as DigiBanker, the Bank's cash management platform. BBS assisted MSMEs in choosing the right insurance products for their businesses via FWD's Live Safe, Work Safe, and Keyman Insurance. Further, BBS enhanced features of existing product offerings to facilitate MSMEs' recovery:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

•

- Higher loan amounts - In April 2022, the Bank improved its Business Mortgage Loan (BML) offering by increasing its maximum loan amount from PHP20 million to PHP30 million. In addition, selected applicant profiles can also access up to 80% LTV to maximize the property value and up to 20-year tenor to manage their cash flows.

## •

- Lower business account maintaining balance The minimum starting and maintaining balance for BusinessPlus was lowered to PHP25,000, improving access for MSMEs to utilize cash management services.
- Relaunch of revolving credit line - In an internal 2021 market study, the Bank noted that MSMEs prefer more financing flexibility, such as a credit facility that enabled them to obtain funds for their businesses at different points in time when needed. In 2022, BBS responded by relaunching the revolving credit line.
- Enhanced client coverage - In 2022, BBS formed remote teams to address client concerns as well as present new offers. These teams enabled queries and business needs to be promptly and conveniently addressed.

BBS' achievements were underpinned by five key propositions: 1) facilitate transactions through deposits, 2) provide loans to boost growth, 3) ensure efficiency through cash management, 4) extend convenience through digital channels, and 5) devise insurance products to help MSMEs protect their businesses.

## LOOKING AHEAD: INNOVATING PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

BBS will continue to innovate to meet the needs of MSMEs, including launching engagement tools to optimize client interactions and developing new product bundles.

BBS aims to improve its digital channels with the right partners to address pain points faced by MSMEs, from logistics to payment collection and expand its suite of products and services to align with its five propositions. Initiatives being explored include business-focused credit cards and non-life insurance that can help address MSMEs holistic needs.

We've laid the groundwork for BBS to become the reliable business partner of MSMEs. We've set up our new operating model, launched awareness campaigns, and continue to innovate holistic solutions to help sustain MSMEs recover and grow their businesses.'

Another key initiative for BBS is to transform the lending journey with improved processes that facilitate faster turnaround time for MSMEs to obtain capital to grow their businesses. As long as business owners submit all required documentation, Business Express Loans (BEL) may be obtained in three days maximum.

## JD Yap

Business Banking Segment Head

## Security Bank's Sanjiv Vohra spoke with entrepreneur Verne de la Cruz about his BetterBanking experience

In a CEO-to-CEO series, Security Bank President and CEO Sanjiv Vohra met with entrepreneur Verne Roscoe de la Cruz to find out why he remains loyal to Security Bank.  De La Cruz pointed out how the Bank has always been responsive to his business needs for capital through the quick disbursement of BEL.

'(In) two days, it was already approved; after the following day, it was released.  So, the first BEL that we availed of during that time helped us in our capital expenditure.  Buying the stocks that we need(ed), the furniture and fixtures for our office and in the succeeding years, helped us build our receivables,' says de la Cruz.  He adds: 'I'm sure BEL would be a game-changer not only for me, but for all the young entrepreneurs and MSME business entrepreneurs.'

<!-- image -->

## Ensuring integrity and growing global presence

In 2022, the Alliance Segment harnessed the strategic partnership between Security Bank and the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG) to expand the Bank's business and enhance its corporate value. With an extended ecosystem and integrating best practices of MUFG, the Bank opened global opportunities for its local clients.

Alliance continued to expand the Bank's network through MUFG partner banks in Indonesia, Thailand, and Vietnam, and managed business relations between Security Bank, Japanese, and non-Japanese corporations.

## PARTNERED FOR CORPORATE SUCCESS, BUSINESS INCUBATION, AND GOVERNANCE

The continued efforts of Alliance in servicing clients' needs even through the pandemic resulted in growth and opportunities in various areas, while strengthening the BetterBanking proposition for clients. Alliance's key achievements for the year include:

- Providing solutions for corporates - Alliance, through Japan Desk, worked with WBS to develop solutions for Japanese companies in the Philippines seeking ample liquidity to meet financing requirements and sustain business operations, as they sought to regain solid footing from the pandemic.
- Capturing the client's ecosystem - In 2022, Alliance recorded a growth of 26% in CASA ADB. This was attributed to the segment's ability to address the client ecosystem from end to end; from the suppliers to manufacturers, and to the distributors and dealers.
- Positioning for return of investmen t - In coordination with SB Capital, Alliance actively sought potential business interests even during the pandemic, when the inclination to invest by Japanese corporates was low. By maintaining constant contact with them, the Bank remained in place to capture their renewed interest in the Philippines and build on these contacts as economic activity began to pick up in 2022.
- Synergy with global partners - Japan Desk and Alliance established a new referral framework with Mitsubishi UFJ Securities, and MUFG's Thai partner, Krungsri Bank. This new framework gave MUFG more room for collaboration with MUFG's investment banking arm in the debt capital markets business, and with Krungsri Bank for referrals in mergers and acquisitions. Through this synergy, Alliance positioned itself as an advisor of choice for Filipino clients looking for organic growth outside the Philippines.

<!-- image -->

Alliance was actively involved with digital unicorns, such as MarCoPay and Grab, to embody the Bank's customer-centric goals. They also built communities by providing financing and payment alternatives to thousands of Filipinos wishing to improve their livelihoods.

- Alliance with mobile e-money platform - The Bank partnered with MarCoPay, a joint venture between Japan's Nippon Yusen Kaisha and Philippine conglomerate Transnational Diversified Group which provides Filipino seafarers with financial products. MUFG has a minor strategic investment in the venture. With this relationship, the Bank was able to provide easy access and preferential auto and home loans to seafarers and their families through the MarCoPay application.
- Collaboration region-leading super app - Alliance built on its current business with Grab, where MUFG is a strategic investor. The segment laid the groundwork for a cash management deal, expected to bring more business and deposits to the Bank. It also started working on refining credit scoring to incorporate a more favorable appetite towards Grab drivers and enable them to access loans to grow their business. The collaboration with Grab was complemented by a tie-up with a Japanese car manufacturer in the form of a soon-to-be-completed unique package for Grab's drivers in 2023 that will give them access to auto loans under reasonable terms.

Alliance also acted as a key player in building a stronger foundation in governance including the Bank's evolution in its Environmental and Social Governance (ESG) imperative.

- Strengthened Lines-of-Defense model - Alliance strengthened monthly Compliance, Audit, and Risk Management meetings with the Bank's management and top executives.
- Establishment of Sustainable Finance Framework (SFF) - In 2022, given MUFG's ESG expertise, the segment was designated to help develop the Bank's SFF to support its sustainability commitments and

set out how it intends to raise Sustainable Financing Instruments (SFIs). The SFF aims to raise awareness of lesser known but vital industries such as renewable energy and promote the Bank's support for investments in this sector to help mitigate the harmful impacts of climate change.

- Continuing education - In 2022, Alliance organized a series of study sessions with MUFG to share best practices and incorporate MUFG expertise into the Bank. The topics included Cyber and IT Risk Management, Operational Risk Management, Business Continuity, and Sustainability.

## LOOKING AHEAD: RAISING THE BANK'S PROFILE

Alliance aspires to raise the Bank's profile further by innovating services and expanding global reachserving as the link between MUFG, the Bank, and other partners.

In 2023, the Alliance Segment expects bigger investment interest from Japanese corporations in real estate, renewable energy, infrastructure, and health care, given the momentum in these sectors. The relaxation of regulations has also driven interest. An example is in the renewable energy sector, where a measure introduced by the Philippine government in allows for full foreign equity ownership for renewable energy projects.

Alliance will continue to bridge connections between Japanese/non-Japanese and Filipino enterprises in both public and private sectors. Going forward, Alliance will pursue matches among companies from these two countries, ensuring the best fit and seamless synergy to get joint ventures moving full steam ahead.

Alliance will continue to build on the Bank's strategic partnership with MUFG to pursue and explore other investments with digital unicorns, seize the growth of the mass and mass-affluent retail market in the Philippines, strengthen the Bank's foundations through good governance, robust technological innovations, comprehensive talent development; and further its sustainability agenda.'

## Takashi Takeuchi

Alliance Segment Head

<!-- image -->

| Loans by industry sector  Industry sector  2022  2021  Financial intermidiaries  18,578  33,440  Power, electricity, and water distribution  87,499  75,936  Wholesale and retail trade  81,646  65,975  Manufacturing  57,545  49,616  Transportation, storage, information, and communication  44,731  39,039  Real estate  123,865  106,641  Others  88,753  77,937  Total  502,617  448,584   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## HOW WE CREATE MEANINGFUL IMPACT

## Building communities sustainably

The Bank applies a holistic approach to giving by assessing the needs of people and communities, identifying strategic project partners, executing, collaborating, and following through for sustainable impact.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## BetterBanking by doing social good

## GRI 3-3 203-1, 203-2, 413-1, 413-2

In 2022, Security Bank and its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) arm, Security Bank Foundation, Inc. (SBFI), demonstrated a deep commitment to partner communities by implementing new and continuing established programs.

At the same time, SBFI partnered with Security Bank clients Motech Automotive Educational Center and Sambon P&amp;E Philippines, Inc. to provide technical vocational scholarships for 16 students of Don Bosco Academy Pampanga. Below are just some of the CSR programs and initiatives supported throughout 2022 that made a difference in the lives of people in our communities:

## · Enabling equitable access to quality education

As of 2022, our flagship educational program Build a School, Build a Nation Program donated a total of 663 classrooms (121 school buildings) to 118 beneficiary schools, reaching 184,000 students in 69 cities/municipalities. Since its launch in 2011, the program has been successful in communities where Security Bank is present-this has been complemented with major repair support, training for teachers and school principals, and other interventions for their learners.

As of 2022, The Scholars for Better Communities Program supported 1,290 scholars, produced 185 college graduates, with seven of the graduates now employed with the Bank. Launched in 1993, this program awards scholarships to outstanding students with financial challenges, covering our employees and their children, agency personnel and their children, and college students from our partner tertiary schools.

Launched in 2021, the Ready, Set, Read! Program complemented both programs by improving proficiency in English Reading. Partnering with the Ateneo De Manila University, Knowledge Channel Foundation, and AHA! Learning Center as partners, the program produced 20 English Reading educational videos and trained 34,927 teachers and 4,280 parents. An estimated 8.2 million individuals were reached by the videos, expanding the impact of the program to an even wider audience.

In December 2022, Security Bank and SBFI partnered with Read to Achieve Foundation Philippines (RAFPI). They provided Alpabasa teaching sets to the Biñan Elementary School to enrich reading and writing abilities of students from kindergarten to third grade.

Recognizing the challenge of teachers in the new normal of education, where they have to innovate the learning experience to make it exciting for students, Security Bank Foundation partnered with Knowledge Channel and Jeremake to donate modern learning tools to public schools.

Security Bank Foundation's 64 beneficiary schools received Knowledge Channel portable media libraries to increase inventory of ready-made videos for interactive learning. Eleven beneficiary high schools received keychain microscopes with animal and plant cell samples to enable experimentation inside classrooms, given lack of adequate science laboratories.

## · Developing environmental and cultural awareness

Engaging our stakeholders and providing avenues for community participation was a significant part of the Bank's CSR work throughout the year. In 2022, SBFI signed a five-year partnership with ABS-CBN Foundation to plant 10,000 trees, in support of the reforestation efforts for the La Mesa Watershed, a major source of Metro Manila's clean water. In the first year of its partnership, 2,000 seedlings were planted with the help of 200 employee volunteers.

The Bank continued to support the National Heritage Month-the annual celebration on the promotion of our rich Filipino heritage with this year's theme: Pamanang Lokal: Binhi ng Kulturang Pilipino. The Filipino Heritage Festival 2022 included an array of activities presented on both online platforms and at onsite venues. Virtual activities such as webinars, contests, and performances were mounted and viewed publicly on FHFI's Facebook Page and YouTube Channel; exhibits and film screenings were in-person events in Metro Manila, Visayas, and Mindanao.

In 2022, the Bank also strengthened partnership with the National Museum of the Philippines by donating 14 sculptures of National Artist Guillermo Tolentino and renovating the Security Bank Hall at the National Museum of Fine Arts. With the hall's public reintroduction, underpinned by the official handover of Tolentino's 14 pieces, we hope to spark fresh interest in historic art and make these easily accessible to visitors and the community for generations to come. First opened in 2013, the Security Bank Hall is home to the work of the late Tolentino which is featured as 'Eskultor ng Lahing Filipino: Honoring the Life and Work of Guillermo Tolentino.

Security Bank and long-time community partner, ArteFino, joined forces for the 2022 ArteFino Festival and its much-anticipated Makers Lab Upcycling Design Challenge. The theme of: Renew, Repurpose, and Regenerate aligned with the Bank's focus on sustainability, while promoting Filipino culture and craftsmanship.

- Supporting resilient communities through health and disaster relief/recovery initiatives - The Bank partnered with organizations that have a deep understanding of their community's needs. This includes Operation Smile Philippines (OSP) which marked its 40th anniversary in 2022 through activities such as the Swing for Smiles Golf Tournament and the construction of the Cebu Comprehensive Cleft Care Center of Excellence. The Cebu facility aims to serve 10,000 patients in the next four to five years.

Caring for the health of our community members is ingrained in our people's DNA, as shown in the Christmas Gift Giving Activity for PGH-Cancer Institute Patients. The project was a continuation of a relationship that began in 2020 as the Bank sponsored the Helping Women and Others Foundation (HWAO) to help fund the renovation of the PGH-Cancer Institute's Chemo Prep Room. The new Chemo Prep Room can now prepare up to 200 chemo cocktails per day, doubling the capacity. This year's gift-giving activity was a way to send our well-wishes to 53 of the Institute's cancer patients and share our hope for a better and healthier future. Holiday wishes ranged from gadgets for online schooling, financial assistance, clothing, food, bikes, oven for additional source of income for the family, toys, etc.

The Bank also assisted 19 indigent families rebuild their homes in Aklan through the Typhoon Paeng program. We partnered with International Care Ministries (ICM) and sent donations to cover the construction materials needed to help their network of typhoon victims.

Security Bank Foundation repairs previouslydonated classrooms, most especially to address damages from disasters. Since 2019, 279 previouslydonated classrooms have already been repaired. Through the funding from the Bank, SBFI also donated new roofing sheets to 60 classrooms damaged by Typhoon Odette. Since 2021, 105 classrooms damaged by typhoons have been rehabilitated through roofing sheets donation.

- Encouraging self-sufficiency and a transformative mindset through livelihood projects - The Bank aims to fight poverty through both education and livelihood. In 2022, we strengthened our partnership with the Center for Community Transformation (CCT) through the Shoebox Giving Project and Lupang Pangako.

The Shoebox Giving Project was a holiday activity where employees from 90 branches participated. Branches in Cavite, Laguna, Batangas, Rizal, Northern and Central Luzon, Palawan, Tacloban, Cebu, Iloilo, Bacolod, General Santos, and Davao took part, together with the Wealth Management Division. A total of 318 shoeboxes were distributed to indigent children.

Meanwhile, Lupang Pangako is a 37.5-hectare resettlement site Nueva Ecija. It was put up for former street dwellers served by the CCT Kaibigan Ministry. Our partnership will provide shelter and livelihood opportunities for them. The community will be composed of ten Kaibigan Villages or KVs. At present, CCT Kaibigan Ministry helps around 5,000 street dwellers annually across the Philippines. CCT aims to relocate 180 rehabilitated street dwellers to Lupang Pangako yearly.

The Bank also partnered with the Community Crafts Association of the Philippines, Inc. (CCAP) to put up Lokalakalan: Kultura, Kabuhayan, Kababaihan at Kalikasan Trade Fair that was designed to open market access to 15 social entrepreneurs. Inspired by CCAP's commitment to sustaining the source of livelihood of its community-based artisans, we supported this project that empowered women, while protecting the environment. The event brought CCAP's network of marginalized community enterprises marketing leads and promoted their products to a larger audience.

<!-- image -->

## Being conscientious stewards of our planet

GRI 3-3, 306-1

Climate change and energy are among the main focus areas of our ESRMS. In this regard, the Bank seeks to contribute meaningful impact as a change agent and advocate for action and accountability as responsible stewards of the environment. To 'walk the talk,' the Bank continues to disclose its actions to address climaterelated risks to its internal and external stakeholders.

In 2022, the Bank continued organization-wide efforts towards environmental impact reduction, environmental improvement, and pollution prevention across its operations through:

- Reduction of environmental impact at offices Ran campaign for resource-recycling and efficient use of energy and resources, such as shifting to LED for lighting and inverter air-conditioning units.
- Environmental improvement and pollution prevention - Consistently monitored waste segregation as the Bank shifted to digital as an essential strategy to reduce the use of paper. Also, the Bank continued the buy-back arrangement with its battery suppliers.
- Raising environmental awareness across the organization - Executive champions actively worked towards environmental education and supported activities in the branches. The Bank's Pollution Control Officers and managing heads of different departments learned about new technologies and approaches that the Bank may consider adopting to optimize resource efficiency.

<!-- image -->

The Bank has been consistent in managing and monitoring the consumption of resources such as fuel, electricity, and water; and tracks the progress of its initiatives.

## GRI 303-5 WATER CONSUMPTION (OVERALL) IN CU.M

| Year  Head Office  Branches  SLC Bldg.  Other offsite  Total  2020  43,594  29,113 1  1,096  6,356  80,159  2021  42,364  36,057  811  5,759  85,001  2022  46,796  27,715  965  3,616  79,091   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FUEL CONSUMPTION (OVERALL) IN LITERS

| Year  Head Office  Branches  Total  2020  1,500  8,310  9,810  2021  0 1  7,595  7,595  2022  0 1  8,086  8,086   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

[1] No fuel refill expenses for the years 2021 and 2022.

## FUEL CONSUMPTION OF BRANCHES IN LITERS

| Year  Luzon  Visayas  Mindanao  Total  2020  6,306  884  1,120  8,310  2021  3,825  2,057  1,713  7,595  2022  4,524  1,865  1,697  8,085   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND INTENSITY IN KWH, SQM GRI 302-1, 302-3

| Facility/ Site  Energy type  Total  Metric area in square  Intensity  kWh/sqm  Head Office  Electricity  4,468,940 kWh  24,444  183  SLC  Electricity  486,244 kWh  3,589  135  Other offsite  Electricity  1,180,755 kWh  13,563  87  Branches  Electricity  8,013,156 kWh  68,526  117   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENERGY CONSUMPTION FOR BRANCHES

IN KWH, L GRI 302-2

| Facility/ Site  Energy type  Total  Luzon  Electricity  6,465,978 kWh  Visayas  Electricity  688,618 kWh  Mindanao  Electricity  858,560 kWh   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDIRECT (SCOPE 2) GHG EMISSIONS (IN TONS CO 2 E)

| Facility/ Site  Total energy in  kWh  Emission  Head Office  4,468,940  3,183  SLC  486,244  346  Other offsite  1,180,755  841  Branches  8,013,156  5,765   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## RECYCLED INPUT MATERIALS USED GRI 301-2

| Type/Name of recycled  material used  Quantity  % recycled  Paper  5,921 kg  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECT (SCOPE 1) GHG EMISSIONS (IN TONS CO 2 E) FOR BRANCHES GRI 305-1

| Facility/ Site  Total energy (L)  Emission  Luzon  4,524  17  Visayas  1,865  5  Mindanao  1,697  5   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDIRECT (SCOPE 2) GHG EMISSIONS (IN TONS CO 2 E) FOR BRANCHES GRI 305-2

| Facility/ Site  Total energy in  kWh  Emission  Luzon  6,465,978  4,605  Visayas  688,618  490  Mindanao  858,560  669   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GRI Content Index

(Note - Disclosure and paging below is based on full integrated report)

<!-- image -->

For the Content Index - Essentials Service, GRI Services reviewed that the GRI content index is clearly presented, in a manner consistent with the Standards, and that the references for disclosures 2-1 to 2-5, 3-1 and 3-2 are aligned with the appropriate sections in the body of the report.

Statement of use

Security Bank Corporation has reported in accordance with the GRI Standards for the period 01 January 2022 to 31 December 2022.

GRI 1 used

Applicable GRI Sector

GRI 1: Foundation 2021

None

| GRI Standard/  Other Source  Disclosure  Page numbers and/or  direct answers  Omission  Requirement(s)  Omitted  Reason  Explanation  General Disclosures  GRI 2: General  Disclosures 2021  2-1  Organizational details  5, 288, 296, 310  2-2  Entities included in the organization's  sustainability reporting  All entities in the  consolidated financial  statements are included in  the sustainability report  2-3  Reporting period, frequency and  contact point  310  2-4  Restatements of information  No restatements  2-5  External assurance  The report has not  undergone external  assurance  2-6  Activities, value chain and other  business relationships  6, 19, 289  2-7  Employees  40, 42  2-8  Workers who are not employees  42  2-9  Governance structure and  composition  60, 81, 82, 86, 92  2-10  Nomination and selection of the  highest governance body  83  2-11  Chair of the highest governance body  83  2-12  Role of the highest governance body  in overseeing the management of  impacts  83  2-13  Delegation of responsibility for  managing impacts  17  2-14  Role of the highest governance body  in sustainability reporting  82  2-15  Conflicts of interest  102, 106, 111  2-16  Communication of critical concerns  Critical sustainability and  E&amp;S concerns are escalated  to the Sustainability  Committee (Management)  and reported to the BoD  through CorGov  2-17  Collective knowledge of the highest  governance body  17  2-18  Evaluation of the performance of  the highest governance body  84  2-19  Remuneration policies  84  2-20  Process to determine remuneration  84  2-21  Annual total compensation ratio  84  2-22  Statement on sustainable  development strategy  8, 10  2-23  Policy commitments  4, 94  2-24  Embedding policy commitments  20  2-25  Processes to remediate negative  impacts  41  2-26  Mechanisms for seeking advice  and raising concerns  112   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| GRI Standard /  Othter Source  Disclosure  Page numbers and/or  direct answers  Omission  Requirement(s)  Omitted  Reason  Explanation  General Disclosures  2-27  Compliance with laws and regulations  104  2-28  Membership associations  309  2-29  Approach to stakeholder engagement  22  2-30  Collective bargaining agreements  43  Material Topics  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-1  Process to determine material topics  16  3-2  List of material topics  Enriching lives  •  Customer satisfaction  •  Employee relation,  development, and  retention  •  Data privacy and  cybersecurity  •  Ethical operations and  good governance  •  Innovative products  and services  Empowering businesses  •  Business growth (financial,  operations)  •  Fair disclosure  •  Environmental impact  of Security Bank's  investments and loans  Building communities  sustainably  •  Risk and disaster  management  •  Socio-economic  development of the  communities and society  •  Protecting natural  resources  •  Waste management  •  Initiative to mitigate  climate change  •  Supporting local  procurement  •  Use of recycled and  reused materials  •  Protecting indigenous  people's rights  Business Growth/Risk &amp; Disaster Management  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  30  GRI 201:  Economic  Performance  2016  201-1  Direct economic value generated and  distributed  6, 30  201-2  Financial implications and other risks  and opportunities due to climate  change  18  201-3  Defined benefit plan obligations and  other retirement plans  85  201-4  Financial assistance received from  government  None  Fair Disclosure  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  82  GRI 207: Tax  2019  207-1  Approach to tax  82  207-2  Tax governance, control, and risk  management  97  207-3  Stakeholder engagement and  management of concerns related  to tax  82  207-4  Country-by-country reporting  Only for Philippines   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Supporting Local Procurement  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  19  GRI 204:  Procurement  Practices 2016  204-1  Proportion of spending on local  suppliers  19  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  19  GRI 308:  Supplier  Environmental  Assessment  2016  308-1  New suppliers that were screened  using environmental criteria  19  308-2  Negative environmental impacts in  the supply chain and actions taken  19  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  19  GRI 414:  Supplier Social  Assessment  2016  414-1  New suppliers that were screened  using social criteria  19  414-2  Negative social impacts in the supply  chain and actions taken  19  Customer Satisfaction  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  37  GRI 416:  Customer  Health and  Safety 2016  416-1  Assessment of the health and safety  impacts of product and service  categories  37  416-2  Incidents of non-compliance  concerning the health and safety  impacts of products and services  Zero  GRI Standard /  Othter Source  Disclosure  Page numbers and/or  direct answers  Omission  Requirement(s)  Omitted  Reason  Explanation  Innovative Products and Services  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  104  GRI 417:  Marketing and  Labeling 2016  417-1  Requirements for product and service  information and labeling  104  417-2  Incidents of non-compliance  concerning product and service  information and labeling  37  417-3  Incident of non-compliance concerning  marketing communications  37  Data Privacy and Cybersecurity  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  37, 102, 110  GRI 405:  Diversity  and Equal  Opportunity  2016  418-1  Substantiated complaints concerning  breaches of customer privacy and  losses of customer data  37  Employee Relation, Development, and Retention  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  41  GRI 405:  Diversity  and Equal  Opportunity  2016  405-1  Diversity of governance bodies and  employees  42, 82  405-2  Ratio of basic salary and remuneration  of women to men  Remuneration policy is  based on position and not  gender  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  41  GRI 401:  Employment  2016  401-4  New employee hires and employee  turnover  42  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  41  GRI 202: Market  Presence 2016  202-1  Ratios of standard entry level wage by  gender compared to local minimum  wage  43  202-2  Proportion of senior management  hired from the local community  42, 82   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| GRI Standard /  Othter Source  Disclosure  Page numbers and/or  direct answers  Omission  Requirement(s)  Omitted  Reason  Explanation  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  37, 102, 110  GRI 405:  Diversity  and Equal  Opportunity  2016  418-1  Substantiated complaints concerning  breaches of customer privacy and  losses of customer data  37  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  41  GRI 405:  Diversity  and Equal  Opportunity  2016  405-1  Diversity of governance bodies and  employees  42, 82  405-2  Ratio of basic salary and remuneration  of women to men  Remuneration policy is  based on position and not  gender  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  41  GRI 401:  Employment  2016  401-4  New employee hires and employee  turnover  42  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  41  GRI 202: Market  Presence 2016  202-1  Ratios of standard entry level wage by  gender compared to local minimum  wage  43  202-2  Proportion of senior management  hired from the local community  42, 82  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  41  GRI 404:  Training and  Education 2016  404-1  Average hours of training per year per  employee  44  404-2  Programs for upgrading employee skills  and transition assistance program  44  404-3  Percentage of employees receiving  regular performance and career  development reviews  100% for all employees  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  41  GRI 401:  Employment  2016  401-2  Benefits provided to full-time  employees that are not provided to  temporary or part-time employees  43  401-3  Parental leave  43  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  41  GRI 402: Labor/  Management  Relations 2016  402-1  Minimum notice periods regarding  operational changes  1  week at least  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  41  GRI 407:  Freedom of  Association  and Collective  Bargaining 2016  407-1  Operations and suppliers in which the  right to freedom of association and  collective bargaining may be at risk  43   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  44  GRI 403:  Occupational  Health &amp; Safety  2018  403-1  Occupational health and safety  management system  19, 44  403-2  Hazard identification, risk assessment,  and incident investigation  44  403-3  Occupational health services  44  403-4  Worker participation, consultation,  and communication on occupational  health and safety  44  403-5  Worker training on occupational  health and safety  44  403-6  Promotion of worker health  44  403-7  Prevention and mitigation of  occupational health and safety  impacts directly linked by business  relationships  44  403-8  Workers covered by an occupational  health and safety management  system  Both employees and  workers are covered by an  OHS Management System  based on legal requirements  and/or recognized  standards/guidelines  403-9  Work-related injuries  44  403-10  Worker-related ill health  44  Socio-economic development of the Communities and Society/Protecting Indigenous People's Rights  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  55  GRI 203:  Indirect  Economic  Impacts 2016  203-1  Infrastructure investments and  services supported  55, 30  203-2  Significant indirect economic impacts  55  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  55  GRI 413: Local  Communities  2016  413-1  Operations with local community  engagement, impact assessments,  and development programs  55  413-2  Operations with significant actual and  potential negative impacts on local  communities  55  Initiative to Mitigate Climate Change  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  47, 18  GRI 302: Energy  2016  302-1  Energy consumption within the  organization  58  302-2  Energy consumption outside of the  organization  58  302-3  Energy intensity  58  302-4  Reduction of energy consumption  Decreased compared to  last year  302-5  Reductions in energy requirements of  products and services  Omitted  Not applicable  We do not  offer such  products  and services  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  57  GRI Standard /  Othter Source  Disclosure  Page numbers and/or  direct answers  Omission  Requirement(s)  Omitted  Reason  Explanation   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Protecting Natural Resources  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  57  GRI 303: Water  and Effluents  2018  303-1  Interactions with water as a shared  resource  Municipal Water for  Domestic Use  303-2  Management of water discharge-  related impacts  The wastewater is  discharged to local sewer  lines which are managed by  the local government units  and designated water utility  companies  303-3  Water withdrawal  We don't extract  groundwater  303-4  Water discharge  We do not measure the  water discharge since the  consumption is only for  domestic use  303-5  Water consumption  58  GRI 305:  Emissions 2016  305-1  Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions  58  305-2  Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG  emissions  58  305-3  Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG  emissions  Omitted  Information  unavailable  We are not  measuring  Scope 3  emissions  yet  305-6  Emissions of ozone-depleting  substances (ODS)  Omitted  Not applicable  We do not  emit ODS  305-7  Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides  (SOx), and other significant air  emissions  Omitted  Information  unavailable  We do not  monitor  other air  emission  GRI Standard /  Othter Source  Disclosure  Page numbers and/or  direct answers  Omission  Requirement(s)  Omitted  Reason  Explanation  Waste management  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  57  GRI 306: Waste  2020  306-1  Waste generation and significant  waste-related impacts  57  306-2  Management of significant waste-  related impacts  We are dependent on the  Local Government Unit  waste disposal  306-3  Waste generated  Omitted  Information  unavailable  We are  updating our  process for  monitoring  of waste  generation  and disposal  306-4  Waste diverted from disposal  Omitted  Information  unavailable  306-5  Waste directed to disposal  Omitted  Information  unavailable  Use of recycled and Reused Materials  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  Transition to eco or paper  bags instead of plastic bags  GRI 301:  Materials 2016  301-1  Materials used by weight or volume  58  301-2  Recycled input materials used  58  301-3  Reclaimed products and their  packaging materials  None   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Protecting Natural Resources  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  SBFI has committed to  longer term protection of  a considerable area of La  Mesa Watershed.  GRI 304:  Biodiversity  2016  304-1  Operational sites owned, leased,  managed in, or adjacent to, protected  areas and areas of high biodiversity  value outside protected areas  Omitted  Not applicable  We have no  operations  in such  locations  304-2  Significant impacts of activities,  products, and services on biodiversity  Omitted  Not applicable  We have  no impact  in such  locations  304-3  Habitats protected and restored  Omitted  Not applicable  None  Ethical Operations and Good Governance  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  104  GRI 205: Anti-  corruption 2016  205-1  Operations assessed for risks related  to corruption  104  205-2  Communication and training  about anti-corruption policies and  procedures  111  205-3  Confirmed incidents of corruption  and actions taken  111  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  105  GRI 206: Anti-  competitive  Behavior 2016  206-1  Legal actions for anti-competitive  behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly  practices  None  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  112, 41  GRI 406: Non-  discrimination  2016  406-1  Incidents of discrimination and  corrective actions taken  112, 41  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  112  GRI 408: Child  Labor 2016  408-1  Operations and suppliers at  significant risk for incidents of child  labor  112  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  112  GRI 409: Forced  or Compulsory  Labor 2016  409-1  Operations and suppliers at  significant risk for incidents of forced  or compulsory labor  112  Environmental impact of Security Bank's investment and loans  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3  Management of material topics  18  GRI Standard /  Othter Source  Disclosure  Page numbers and/or  direct answers  Omission  Requirement(s)  Omitted  Reason  Explanation   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Page numbers in this GRI Content Index refer to full 2022 Integrated Report.

SECURITY BANK CENTRE

6776 Ayala Avenue, Makati City, 0719 Philippines Tel. Nos. (632) 8876-6788 | (632) 8888-7800 | 8887-9188

www.securitybank.com