<!-- image -->

## Sinopharm Tech Holdings Limited 國藥科技股份有限公司

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) (Stock Code: 8156)

## Annual Report 2022

## CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM ('GEM') OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE 'STOCK EXCHANGE')

GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate small and mid-sized companies to which a higher  investment  risk  may  be  attached  than  other  companies  listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange.  Prospective investors  should  be  aware  of  the  potential  risks  of  investing  in  such  companies  and  should  make  the decision to invest only after due and careful consideration. Given  the  companies  listed  on  GEM  are  generally  small  and  mid-sized  companies,  there  is  a  risk  that securities  traded  on  GEM  may  be  more  susceptible  to  high  market  volatility  than  securities  traded  on  the Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange  and  no  assurance  is  given  that  there  will  be  a  liquid  market  in  the securities  traded  on  GEM. Hong  Kong  Exchanges  and  Clearing  Limited  and  the  Stock  Exchange  take  no  responsibility  for  the  contents  of  this annual  report,  make  no  representation  as  to  its  accuracy  or  completeness  and  expressly  disclaim  any  liability whatsoever  for  any  loss  howsoever  arising  from  or  in  reliance  upon  the  whole  or  any  part  of  the  contents  of  this annual report. ') ')  for  the  purpose  of  giving

This  annual  report,  for  which  the  directors  (the  ' Directors ')  of  Sinopharm  Tech  Holdings  Limited  (the  ' Company collectively  and  individually  accept  full  responsibility,  includes  particulars  given  in  compliance  with  the  Rules  Governing the  Listing  of  Securities  on  GEM  of  the  Stock  Exchange  (the  ' GEM  Listing  Rules information  with  regard  to  the  Company.  The  Directors,  having  made  all  reasonable  enquiries,  confirm  that  to  the best  of  their  knowledge  and  belief  the  information  contained  in  this  annual  report  is  accurate  and  complete  in  all material  respects  and  not  misleading  or  deceptive,  and  there  are  no  other  matters  the  omission  of  which  would  make any  statement  herein  or  this  annual  report  misleading.

## CONTENTS

| Corporate Information  2  Management Discussion and Analysis  3  Profiles  of  Directors  and  Senior  Management  11  Corporate Governance Report  15  Directors'  Report  24  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Report  46  Independent Auditor's Report  58  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other  Comprehensive Income  65  Consolidated Statement of Financial  Position  67  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  69  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  70  Notes to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  72  Five-Year  Financial  Summary  171  Glossary  172   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr.  CHAU Wai Wah Fred (re-designated  on  1  August  2022) Mr.  HO  Kam Kin (appointed  on  5  September  2022) Ms. KWOK Shuk Yi (appointed on 5 September 2022)

## Non-executive Director

Dr.  CHENG Yanjie

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr.  LAU  Fai  Lawrence Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei Mr.  LAM Kit  Sun  (appointed  on  1  August  2022)

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr.  LAU  Fai  Lawrence (Chairperson) Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei Mr.  LAM Kit  Sun (appointed  on  1  August  2022)

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr.  LAU  Fai  Lawrence (Chairperson) Mr.  CHAU Wai Wah Fred Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei Mr.  LAM Kit  Sun (appointed  on  1  August  2022)

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Mr.  LAM Kit  Sun (Chairperson) (appointed  on  1  August  2022) Mr.  CHAU Wai Wah Fred Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr.  CHAU Wai Wah Fred (appointed on 1 August 2022) Mr.  HO  Kam Kin

## COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Mr.  CHAU Wai Wah Fred (appointed on 1 August 2022)

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr.  HO  Kam Kin

## HONORARY CONSULTANT

Mr.  CHU Woon Ming

## AUDITORS

CCTH CPA Limited

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited Nanyang Commercial Bank, Limited Chong Hing Bank Limited

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Second Floor,  Century  Yard Cricket  Square,  P.O.  Box  902 Grand Cayman, KY1-1103 Cayman Islands

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

Units  15-16,  25/F.,  Corporation  Park 11 On Lai Street,  Shatin New Territories,  Hong  Kong

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE IN CAYMAN ISLANDS

Tricor  Services  (Cayman  Islands)  Limited Second Floor,  Century  Yard Cricket  Square,  P.O.  Box  902 Grand Cayman, KY1-1103 Cayman Islands

## BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE IN HONG KONG

Tricor  Standard  Limited 17/F,  Far  East  Finance  Centre 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong

## STOCK CODE

8156

## COMPANY WEBSITE

www.sinopharmtech.com.hk

## BUSINESS REVIEW

During  the  year  under  review,  the  pandemic  of  Coronavirus  Disease  2019  (the  ' Pandemic ')  continued  to  affect  the normal  operation  of  the  society  and  daily  economic  activities,  but  the  Group  has  concentrated  its  efforts  and strengths  on  developing  pandemic  prevention-oriented  business  according  to  its  own  conditions.  The  'Internet  Plus' services  and  the  personal  protective  equipment  manufacturing  and  distribution  business  catered  to  the  current demand  for  epidemic  prevention  and  have  become  the  main  source  of  income  of  the  Group,  with  the  supply  chain business  segment  of  the  'Internet  Plus'  service  increasing  as  compared  with  the  same  period  of  last  year.  A  minor portion  of  revenue  was  generated  from  the  Lottery-related  services,  which  also  reported  steady  earnings  in  each  of the  first  three  quarters.

## 'Internet Plus' Business

During  the  period  under  review,  the  'Internet  Plus'  business  has  become  the  main  source  of  revenue  to  the  Group. The  continuous  recurrence  of  the  Pandemic  in  Hong  Kong  resulted  in  a  strong  demand  for  pandemic  prevention materials,  which  contributed  revenue  to  the  related  supply  chain  business  of  the  Group.  The  Company  leverages  on its  own  experience  and  advantages  in  supply  chain  business  and  material  procurement  to  provide  customers  with prompt supply chain services.

The  anti-counterfeiting  business  of  the  'Internet  Plus'  segment  also  made  steady  progress.  In  July  2021,  Shenzhen Guoke Anti-counterfeiting Technology Company Limited* ( 深圳國科防偽科技有限公司 ) (' Guoke Anticounterfeiting '),  a  direct  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  and  Shenzhen  Ficus  Technology  Holdings  Ltd. ( 深圳細葉榕科技控股有限公司 )  (' Ficus '),  the  holder  of  patented  technologies,  entered  into  a  licensing  and  master service  agreement  in  relation  to  the  provision  of  total  solutions  by  Ficus  to  Guoke  Anti-counterfeiting.  The  entering into  the  agreement  allows  the  Group  to  obtain  proper  authorization  on  legally  using  the  anti-counterfeiting  total solutions  and  device  to  comply  with  the  requirement  of  necessary  approval  for  conducting  the  relevant  business  and gain  business  support.

Since  then,  taking  into  account  the  newly  added  provinces  during  the  period  under  review,  the  Group  has  entered into  commercial  contracts  with  corporate  users  in  various  regions  for  the  provision  of  Guoke  innovative  anticounterfeiting  products  (Anti-counterfeiting  device  with  lottery  of  Guoke  Anti-counterfeiting,  ' ACL '),  covering  a number  of  industries,  such  as  tea  leaves  and  health  food  products.  During  the  period  under  review,  the  Group  has completed  the  delivery  of  several  batches  of  ACL.  In  addition  to  traditional  consumer  products,  ACL  can  also  be applied  to  digital  collectibles  and  derivatives.

## Personal Protective Equipment Business

During the period under review, the revenue from the personal protective equipment business recorded a contraction as  compared with the same period of last year, which was attributable to the completion of the Group's participation in  the  one-year  Local  Mask  Production  Subsidy  Scheme  launched  by  the  Hong  Kong  Special  Administrative  Region Government  in  the  last  financial  year.  Meanwhile,  there  has  been  a  continuous  demand  for  personal  protective equipment  in  the  market  due  to  the  recurrence  of  the  Pandemic.  Depending  on  the  actual  situation  of  the  market, the  Group  will  make  active  deployment  on  machine  capacity,  production  line  and  product  style  and  configuration, labor  arrangement  and  other  aspects,  in  order  to  meet  market  demand  on  the  premise  of  maximizing  efficiency.

All  of  the  Group's  personal  protective  equipment  was  supplied  to  the  local  market  in  Hong  Kong.  The  sales  channel for  institutional  customers  remained  stable,  which  is  believed  to  generate  steady  revenue  for  the  Group.  The  Group will  continue  to  improve  the  quality  and  workmanship  of  its  products  and  expand  its  sales  channels  in  all  aspects  to provide  safe  and  reliable  products  for  institutional  customers.

Owing to the Pandemic, the increase in transportation costs since September 2021 has led to an increase in the cost of  personal  protective  equipment  business,  but  the  cost  has  returned  to  a  stable  trend  after  April  2022.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Lottery-related Business

The  traditional  lottery  industry  in  Mainland  China  (the  ' Mainland ')  is  subject  to  uncertainties  and  the  Group's lottery-related  business  is  facing  adjustments  and  challenges.  During  the  period  under  review,  the  Group  continued  to generate  income  by  offering  maintenance  service  for  its  lottery  system  to  customers  in  the  Mainland.  However,  the lottery-related  maintenance  services  contract  was  suspended  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.

## Structure Optimization

During  the  period  under  review,  the  Group  adjusted  and  streamlined  its  internal  structure  allocation  with  a  view  to optimize  the  structure  of  its  human  resources  team  and  reduce  costs  according  to  its  business  arrangements  and conditions.  The  Group  strives  to  reduce  operating  costs  through  flexible  adjustments  in  order  to  enhance  revenue efficiency  and  achieve  sustainable  business  objectives.

## Future Outlook

The  year  of  2022  remains  challenging  for  the  Group,  with  business  progress  slowing  down  as  well  as  business strategies  and  personnel  structure  being  adjusted  as  a  result  of  the  Pandemic.  In  light  of  the  continuing  global Pandemic,  the  Group  will  continue  to  make  efficient  use  of  the  business  resources  of  strategic  shareholders  in  the pharmaceutical industry,  concentrate  human  and  financial  resources  on  its  personal  protective  equipment  business  and develop healthcare  and  other  health-related  businesses.

In  respect  of  the  'Internet  Plus'  business,  the  Group  will  step  up  its  efforts  to  develop  its  supply  chain  business. After  the  period  under  review,  the  Group  entered  into  a  service  agreement  with  a  platform  operator  in  Mainland China,  pursuant  to  which  the  affiliated  companies  of  the  platform  operators,  which  include  'Xiaodian  Platform'  ( 小 店平台 ),  'Global  Shopping  Platform'  ( 全球購平台 ),  'Toutiao'  ( 今日頭條 ),  'TikTok'  ( 抖音 )  and  'Xigua'  ( 西瓜視頻 ), will  procure  the  product  supply  chain  services  provided  by  the  Company.  The  Group  also  entered  into  procurement agreements  with  internationally  renowned  skin  care  brands,  providing  a  quality  and  stable  source  of  supply  for  its supply  chain  business.  The  Group  will  continue  to  strengthen  its  collaboration  with  various  major  cosmetics  brands and  pharmaceutical  manufacturers  to  expand  its  product  portfolio  on  the  platform  and  provide  reliable  products  and supply  chain  services  for  the  platform.  Moreover,  after  the  period  under  review,  the  Group  entered  into  a  supply chain  service  agreement  with  a  retail  and  gift  redemption  chain  store  for  one-stop  professional  photographic equipment  and  electronic  digital  products  in  Macau,  pursuant  to  which  the  Group  will  provide  supply  chain  services such  as  real-time  product  delivery  and  procurement.  The  Group  believed  that  the  aforesaid  businesses  will  open  up new revenue streams and development opportunities for the Group.

The  Group  will  also  continue  to  explore  other  development  opportunities  for  the  'Internet  Plus'  business  in  the future,  including  negotiations  with  industry  players  on  'Internet  Plus'  solutions  and  in-depth  cooperation  in  fields such  as  medical  and  health-related  platforms.

The  Group  appointed  a  number  of  senior  managers  with  extensive  experience  in  the  supply  chain  business  and e-commerce  as  the  leaders  of  the  business  (details  are  set  out  in  Profiles  of  Senior  Management)  after  the  period under  review.  The  Group  believes  that  it  will  embrace  new  development  opportunities  under  the  leadership  of  the new  business  managers.  The  new  management  team  will  also  lead  the  employees  to  uphold  the  Group's  spirit  of 'striving  for  growth'  and  'thriving  in  challenges'  despite  adverse  market  conditions,  and  continue  to  create  greater value  for  shareholders.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

During  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  the  Group  recorded  revenue  of  HK$41.0  million,  representing  an  decrease  of 47% over the  revenue  of  HK$77.8  million  for  the  same  period  in  2021,  while  gross  profit  for  the  period  of  HK$5.9 million  represented  an  decrease  of  71%  over  gross  profit  of  HK$20.9  million  in  the  corresponding  period  in  2021. Decrease  in  revenue  as  the  result  of  the  effect  of  the  completion  of  the  Group's  participation  in  the  one-year  Local Mask  Production  Subsidy  Scheme  launched  by  the  Hong  Kong  Special  Administrative  Region  Government  for  the procurement  of  48  million  units  of  masks  at  the  end  of  June  2021.  Decrease  in  gross  profit  was  mainly  due  to  the reasons as decrease in revenue which  generated from Manufacturing  and  distribution of personal protective equipment and rising in relevant  production  costs.

The  Group  recorded  a  loss  attributable  to  equity  holders  of  HK$88.0  million  for  the  year  under  review,  representing an  decrease  of  17%  over  the  loss  attributable  to  the  equity  holders  for  the  same  period  in  2021  (2021:  HK$106.3 million).  The  major  reasons  for  the  decrease  of  the  loss  attributable  to  equity  holders  mainly  due  to  the  effects  of  i) no loss  on  settlement  of  contingent  consideration  payables  with  the  amount  of  HK$10.8  million  was  recorded  during the  year  ended  30  June  2022;  ii)  waive  of  other  payable  was  recorded  as  other  income  amounted  to  HK$26.8 million;  iii)  gain  on  disposal  of  subsidiaries  amounted  to  HK$8.7  million  was  recorded  as  other  income;  and  iv)  the company  has  strengthened  its  efforts  in  cost  control  and  result  in  less  administrative  and  operating  expenses  as compared with the same period in 2021.

## SEGMENTAL INFORMATION

Lottery-related  services  business  remains  smooth  during  the  reporting  period.  During  the  reporting  period,  the revenue  of  the  Lottery-related  services  recorded  HK$1.8  million,  representing  a  decrease  of  5%  over  the  revenue  of HK$1.9  million  for  the  same  period  of  the  last  financial  year.  The  gross  profit  recorded  HK$1.3  million  with  the margin of 71% for the reporting period comparing with 8% for the same period of the last financial year. Details of further  development  of  lottery-related  services  business  are  stated  in  the  'Business  Review'  of  the  'Management Discussion  and  Analysis'.

Internet  plus  services  business  recorded  an  increase  in  overall  revenue  as  the  result  of  strong  demand  of  the  internet plus  supply  chain  services  of  pandemic  prevention  materials  during  the  reporting  period.  In  the  Internet  Plus  services business,  the  revenue  of  supply  chain  services  recorded  HK$29.7  million,  representing  an  increase  of  138%  in  total revenue over the revenue of HK$12.4 million for the same period of the last financial year.  The  gross  profit  recorded HK$2.3 million with the margin of 8% for the reporting period comparing with 13% for the same period of the last financial  year.  In  the  Internet  Plus  solution  services,  it  recorded  the  revenue  of  HK$0.4  million  for  the  reporting  period as  the  result  of  delivering  of  the  anti-counterfeiting  devices.  Details  of  the  further  development  of  internet  plus services  business  are  stated  in  the  'Business  Review'  of  the  'Management  Discussion  and  Analysis'.

The Group developed new business segment on the manufacturing and distribution of personal protective equipment in  Year  2020.  During  the  reporting  period,  the  revenue  of  the  personal  protective  equipment  recorded  HK$9.1 million,  representing  a  decrease  of  86%  over  the  revenue  of  HK$63.4  million  for  the  same  period  of  the  last financial  year,  its  due  to  the  completion  of  the  Group's  participation  in  the  one-year  Local  Mask  Production  Subsidy Scheme  launched  by  the  Hong  Kong  Special  Administrative  Region  Government  for  the  procurement  of  48  million units  of  masks  at  the  end  of  last  financial  period.  The  gross  profit  recorded  HK$2.3  million  with  the  margin  of  26% for  the  reporting  period  comparing  with  30%  for  the  same  period  of  the  last  financial  year.  Details  of  further development  of  personal  protective  equipment  business  are  stated  in  the  'Business  Review'  of  the  'Management Discussion  and  Analysis'.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

During  the  reporting  period,  goodwill  amounting  to  approximately  HK$12.3  million  (2021:  HK$33.8  million)  were determined  to  be  impaired,  in  which  approximately  HK$12.3  million  (2021:  HK$Nil  million),  HK$Nil  million  (2021: HK$Nil  million) and  HK$Nil  million (2021: HK$33.8  million) were  attributable to lottery related services cash generating  unit (' CGU(s) '), internet plus solution services CGU  and  internet  plus  supply chain  services  CGU respectively.  The  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGUs  is  determined  based  on  value-in-use  calculations  (' VIU ').  These calculations  use  pre-tax  cash  flow  projections  based  on  financial  budgets  approved  by  management  covering  a  fiveyear  period  and  a  long-term  average  growth  rate.  The  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGUs  was  with  reference  to  the calculations performed  by  an  independent  appraisal valuer, ROMA  Appraisals  Limited. Details of the relevant assumptions  and  impairment  assessment  on  goodwill  and  intangible  assets  of  the  Group  are  set  out  in  Note  21  and Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial  Statements  of  this  annual  report  respectively.

The  Directors  considered  that  the  goodwill  attributable  to  the  lottery  related  services  CGU  was  impaired  for  the  year ended  30  June  2022  as  the  traditional  lottery  segment  believed  to  reach  certain  market  saturation.  Following  the significant  decline  in  the  business  operations  of  the  lottery  relation  services  CGU  during  the  current  year  as  a  result of  the  termination  of  the  Lottery-related  maintenance  service  contract  with  customers,  management  is  of  the  view that  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGU  is  minimal  and  considers  it  appropriate  to  recognise  the  remaining  balance of  the  goodwill  allocated  to  this  CGU  amounted  to  HK$12.3  million  in  profit  or  loss  of  the  Group  in  respect  of  the current  year.  There  will  be  business  contraction  on  lottery  business  and  the  revenue  of  lottery  related  services  will decline  in  the  upcoming  financial  budgets.  The  Directors  considered  that  the  goodwill  attributable  to  the  internet  plus supply  chain  services  cash  generating  unit  was  impaired  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2021  as  the  suspension  part  of the  internet  plus  supply  chain  business  contract  and  Management  Service  Agreement  with  Sino-TCM.

## VALUE OF INPUTS, BASIS AND KEY ASSUMPTIONS FOR GOODWILL IMPAIRMENT LOSS ASSESSMENT

## Internet  plus  supply  chain  services  CGU

For  the  Internet  plus  supply  chain  services  CGU,  as  a  result  of  the  pandemic  of  Coronavirus  Disease  2019,  business development  of  Sinopharm  Traditional  Chinese  Medicine  Co.,  Ltd  (' Sino-TCM ')  has  been  practically  suspended  and has  also  caused  the  provision  of  Internet  plus  supply  chain  services  to  Sino-TCM  being  suspended.  The  Company  is  of the  view  that  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGU  is  minimal  with  HK$Nil  amount  on  the  cash  flow  projections  and considers  it  appropriate  to  recognize  the  remaining  balance  of  the  goodwill  allocated  to  this  group  of  CGU amounted to HK$33.8 million in profit or loss  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2021.

## Lottery-related services  CGU

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2021,  as  disclosed  in  Note  21  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Annual Report,  the  value  of  inputs,  together  with  the  basis  and  key  assumptions  for  valuation  are  as  follows:

Gross  profit  margin:  26% Average growth rate: 5% Long-term growth rate: 2% Discount  rate:  17.0%

In  this  relation,  the  independent  appraisal  valuer,  ROMA  Appraisals  Limited  adopted  a  normal  debt-to-equity  ratio from  comparable  companies  for  the  long-term  valuation,  and  the  Directors  considered  that  a  prudent  gross  profit margin  and  average  growth  rate  should  be  adopted  to  reflect  the  actual  market  trend.  As  at  30  June  2021,  the Group  assessed  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  lottery-related  services  CGU  with  reference  to  the  VIU  calculation based on cash flow projection of the Group. The calculation uses cash flow projection based on the financial budgets approved  by  the  Directors  covering  a  5-year  period.  Cash  flows  beyond  the  5-year  period  have  been  extrapolated using  a  2%  long-term  growth  rate.  Such  growth  rate  is  based  on  the  relevant  industry  growth  forecasts  and  does not  exceed  the  average  long-term  growth  rate  for  the  relevant  industry.

The  Directors  determined  the  budgeted  gross  profit  margin  and  growth  rate  based  on  the  past  performance  and  the anticipated  market  development.  Whereas  the  discount  rate  used  is  pre-tax  and  reflects  specific  risks  relating  to  the lottery-related  services  CGU.  In  this  relation,  the  Company  adopted  the  weighted  average  cost  of  capital  as  the discount  rate  with  reference  to  the  yield  rate  of  the  10-year  China  government  bond,  the  market  premium  in  China stock  market  and  the  public  financial  information  of  several  market  comparables  engaged  in  similar  business  in  the PRC.

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  due  to  the  suspension  of  the  lottery-related  maintenance  services  contract,  the Company  is  of  the  view  that  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  lottery-related  services  CGU  is  minimal  with  HK$Nil amount on the cash flow projections and considers it appropriate to recognize the remaining balance of the goodwill allocated  to  the  group  of  lottery-related  services  CGU  amounted  to  HK$12.3  million  in  profit  or  loss  statement  of  the Group.

As  disclosed  in  Management  Discussion  and  Analysis  on  page  4  of  the  Annual  Report,  the  underlying  reasons  for  the change  in  the  value  of  inputs,  basis  and  key  assumptions  used  in  the  valuation  for  the  impairment  loss  on lottery-related  services  CGU  for  the  Relevant  Period  as  compared  with  that  of  the  year  ended  30  June  2021  is  the suspension  of  the  lottery-related  maintenance  services  contract.  Therefore,  the  cash  flow  projection  is  HK$Nil  for  the lottery-related  services  CGU.

The  Company  has  adopted  the  VIU  method  for  determining  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGUs.  The  VIU calculation  is  based  on  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  expected  to  be  derived  from  the  asset  or  CGU  discounted  to its  present  value  that  reflects  current  market  assessments  of  the  time  value  of  money  and  the  risks  specific  to  the asset  or  CGU  taking  into  consideration  of  the  financial  budgets  approved  by  the  Directors,  which,  as  the  Directors considers,  is  the  most  suitable  method  for  the  assessment  on  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGUs.  There  are  no subsequent changes in the valuation method used.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND GEARING RATIO

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Group's  bank  balances  and  cash  amounted  to  HK$3.0  million  (2021:  HK$7.5  million)  which were  mainly  held  in  HK$  and  RMB.  Current  assets  amounted  to  HK$48.1  million  (2021:  HK$49.6  million),  mainly comprising  of  inventories,  trade  and  other  receivables  and  prepayment,  bank  balance  and  cash.  Current  liabilities amounted  to  HK$250.3  million  (2021:  HK$272.9  million),  mainly  comprising  of  trade  payables,  accruals  and  other payables,  amounts  due  to  a  shareholder  and  directors  and  convertible  bonds.  As  at  30  June  2022,  the  gearing  ratio of  the  Group  was  59%  on  the  basis  of  the  Group's  total  interest-bearing  borrowings  divided  by  total  assets  (2021: 74%).

## COMMITMENTS

The  Group  had  capital  commitments  of  HK$Nil  million  from  operations  as  at  30  June  2022  (30  June  2021:  capital commitments of HK$Nil).

## FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE

The  Group  mainly  generates  revenue  and  incurs  expenses  in  Hong  Kong  dollars,  U.S.  dollars  and  Renminbi  (' RMB '). The  management  is  aware  of  the  possible  exchange  rate  exposure  resulted  from  the  fluctuation  of  RMB  against  the Hong Kong dollars and will closely  monitor  its  impact  on  the  performance  of  the  Group  to  determine  if  any  hedging policy  is  necessary.  With  regard  to  the  U.S.  dollars,  foreign  exchange  exposure  would  be  minimal  so  long  as  the Hong Kong Government's policy to peg the Hong Kong dollars to the U.S. dollars remains in force.

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND PLEDGE OF ASSETS

The Group had no contingent liabilities  as  at  30  June  2022  (30  June  2021:  Nil).  No  assets  of  the  Group  was  pledged as  securities  to  any  third  parties  as  at  30  June  2022  (30  June  2021:  Nil).

## CAPITAL STRUCTURE

During  the  reporting  period,  the  capital  structure  of  the  Group  consisted  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents  and  equity attributable  to  holders  of  the  Company,  comprising  issued  share  capital  and  reserves.  As  at  30  June  2022,  the  total number of issued share capital  of  the  Company  was  4,537,688,780  Shares.

On  20  October  2021,  the  Company  allotted  and  issued  a  total  number  of  133,705,046  loan  capitalisation  shares  at the  issue  price  of  HK$0.26  per  loan  capitalisation  share  under  general  mandate  granted  to  the  Directors  at  the annual general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  20  November  2020.

## CONVERTIBLE BONDS

## Convertible Bonds due on 17 January 2022

On  17  January  2014,  the  Company  issued  unlisted  convertible  bonds  due  on  17  January  2017  with  a  principal amount of HK$89,625,000 at a rate of 2% per annum (the ' CBs ')  as  general  working  capital  and  for  repayment  of borrowings. A maximum number of 37,500,000 shares would be issued by the Company upon full conversion of the CBs  at  the  conversion  price  of  HK$2.39  per  conversion  share  into  full-paid  ordinary  shares  of  the  Company.  As  a result  of  share  subdivision  on  17  December  2014,  the  number  of  Shares  falling  to  be  issued  upon  full  conversion  of the  CBs  was  adjusted  to  150,000,000  at  the  conversion  price  of  HK$0.598  per  Share.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

On  18  January  2017,  the  Company  entered  into  the  first  amendment  agreement  with  the  bondholder  to  amend some  principal  terms  of  the  CBs,  including  to  extend  the  maturity  date  of  the  CBs  for  six  months  from  17  January 2017  to  17  July  2017,  and  further  extend  to  17  January  2018  upon  a  written  consent  from  the  bondholder.  The conversion  price  of  the  CBs  shall  be  amended  from  HK$0.598  to  HK$0.359  per  conversion  share  subject  to adjustment  and  the  CBs  could  be  converted  into  the  maximum  number  of  249,651,810  Shares.  The  interest  rates  of the CBs shall be increased to 8%  per  annum  and  paid  semi-annually (the  ' Amendments '). Save for the Amendments, all other terms and conditions of the CBs shall remain unchanged. The Amendments were approved by way of  an  ordinary  resolution  by  the  Shareholders  at  the  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  29 March 2017. On 18 July 2017, the Company received a written consent from the bondholder, pursuant to which the maturity  date  of  the  CBs  would  be  extended  for  further  six  months  to  17  January  2018.

On  18  January  2018,  the  Company  entered  into  the  second  amendment  agreement  with  the  bondholder  to  extend the  maturity  date  of  the  CBs  from  17  January  2018  to  17  July  2018,  and  further  extend  to  17  January  2019  upon  a written  consent  from  the  bondholder  (the  ' Second Amendment ').  The  Second  Amendment was approved by way of an  ordinary  resolution  by  the  Shareholders  at  the  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  18  April 2018. The Company has received a written consent from the bondholder, pursuant to which the maturity date of the CBs would be extended for the further six months to 17 January 2019.

On 17 January 2019, the Company entered into the third amendment agreement with the bondholder to extend the maturity  date  of  the  CBs  from  17  January  2019  to  17  July  2019,  and  further  extend  to  17  January  2020  upon  a written  consent  from  the  bondholder  (the  ' Third Amendment ').  The  Third  Amendment  was  approved  by  way  of  an ordinary  resolution  by  the  Shareholders  at  the  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  19  March 2019. The Company has received a written consent from the bondholder, pursuant to which the maturity date of the CBs would be extended for the further six months to 17 January 2020.

As  a  result  of  the  adjustments  of  the  CBs  on  10  May  2019  upon  the  allotment  and  issue  of  the  consideration  shares to  Sinopharm  Traditional  Chinese  Medicine  Overseas  Holdings  Limited,  a  maximum  number  of  263,602,941  Shares would  be  allotted  and  issued  to  the  bondholder  upon  conversion  of  the  CBs  in  full.  The  adjusted  conversion  price was HK$0.34 per conversion share subject to further adjustment.

On  7  February  2020,  the  Company  entered  into  the  fourth  amendment  agreement  with  the  bondholder  to  extend the  maturity  date  of  the  CBs  from  17  January  2020  to  17  July  2020,  and  further  extend  to  17  January  2021  upon  a written  consent  from  the  bondholder  (the  ' Fourth Amendment ').  The  Fourth  Amendment  was  approved  by  way  of an  ordinary  resolution  by  the  Shareholders  at  the  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  25  March 2020. The Company has received a written consent from the bondholder, pursuant to which the maturity date of the CBs would be extended for the further six months to 17 January 2021.

On  19  January  2021,  the  Company  entered  into  the  fifth  amendment  agreement  with  the  bondholder  to  amend some  principal  terms  of  the  CBs,  including  to  extend  the  maturity  date  of  the  CBs  for  one  year  from  17  January 2021  to  17  January  2022.  The  conversion  price  of  the  CBs  shall  be  amended  from  HK$0.34  to  HK$0.221  per conversion  share  subject  to  adjustment  and  the  CBs  could  be  converted  into  the  maximum  number  of  405,542,986 Shares. The  interest rate of the CBs  shall  be  increased  to  10%  per  annum  and  paid  annually  (the  ' Fifth Amendments ').  Save  for  the  Fifth  Amendments,  all  other  terms  and  conditions  of  the  CBs  shall  remain  unchanged. The  Fifth  Amendments  were  approved  by  way  of  an  ordinary  resolution  by  the  Shareholders  at  the  extraordinary general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  22  March  2021.

As  at  30  June  2022,  no  CBs  was  converted  into  Shares  by  the  bondholder  or  redeemed  by  the  Company.

The bondholder has no conversion right of the CBs which have been matured since 17 January 2022. Therefore, the CBs have not been convertible since then.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

As  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  Company  has  not  received  any  notice  of  event  of  default  from  the bondholder  demanding  immediate  repayment.  The  Company  is  still in the progress of negotiating with the bondholder  for  the  renewal  of  or  further  extension  on  the  CBs  and  will  disclose  further  developments  on  the  above matters  by  way  of  further  announcement(s)  in  a  timely  manner  in  accordance  with  regulatory  requirements.

## Convertible Bonds due on 20 February 2023

On  30  August  2021,  the  Company  issued  unlisted  convertible  bonds  to  the  bondholder  due  on  20  February  2023 with  a  principal  amount  of  HK$50,000,000  at  a  rate  of  7%  per  annum  with  interest  payable  semi-annually  in  arrears (the  ' CBs  II ')  for  the  development  and  promotion  of  anti-counterfeiting  business  of  the  Group;  repayment  of  loans and  other  payables;  and  operating  cost  and  general  working  capital  of  the  Company.  A  maximum  number  of 172,413,793  Shares  would  be  issued  by  the  Company  upon  full  conversion  of  the  CBs  II  at  the  initial  conversion price  of  HK$0.29  per  conversion  share  into  fully-paid  ordinary  shares  of  the  Company.

As  at  30  June  2022,  no  CBs  II  was  converted  into  Shares  by  the  bondholder  or  redeemed  by  the  Company.

## SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES

During  the  Year  2022,  the  Group  did  not  make  any  significant  investment  or  material  acquisition  or  disposal  of subsidiaries,  associates  and  joint  ventures.

## FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS

The  Directors  currently  do  not  have  any  future  plans  for  material  investments  or  capital  assets.  The  management  will continue  to  monitor  the  industry  and  review  its  business  expansion  plans  at  regular  intervals,  so  as  to  take  necessary measures in the best interests  of  the  Group.

## EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Group  had  32  (2021:  73)  employees  in  Hong  Kong  and  the  PRC,  including  the  Directors. Total  staff  cost,  excluding  the  Directors'  remuneration,  for  the  year  under  review  amounted  to  approximately  HK$19 million  (2021:  HK$22  million).

Employees'  remunerations  are  determined  with  reference  to  their  performance,  qualifications,  experience,  positions and  the  current  trend.  Apart  from  the  basic  salary  and  participation  in  the  mandatory  provident  fund  scheme  and staff  benefits  including  medical  and  training  programs,  share  options  may  be  granted  to  individual  employees  based on performance evaluation in order to provide incentives  and  rewards.

## PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The profiles  of  the  Directors  and  senior  management  as  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report  are  as  follows:

## DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. CHAU Wai Wah Fred ,  aged  60,  is  an  executive  director,  authorised  representative  and  compliance  officer  of  the Company. He is also a member of the remuneration committee and nomination committee of the Company and was an  independent  non-executive  director  and  a  member  of  the  audit  committee  of  the  Company.  He  is  the  director  of various  subsidiaries  of  the  Group.  He  joined  the  Group  in  November  2019.  He  was  formerly  the  Head  of  the  Office of  Dutiable  Commodities  Administration  of  Hong  Kong  Customs  and  Excise  Department  (C&amp;ED)  and  retired  with  rank of  Senior  Superintendent.  He  has  served  the  C&amp;ED  for  34  years  with  wide  range  of  exposure  including  intellectual property  rights  (IPR)  protection,  anti-smuggling,  anti-narcotics,  intelligence  and  liaisons  and  dutiable  commodities administration.  Mr.  Chau  has  served  as  the  Divisional  Commander  and  Group  Head  of  the  Intellectual  Property Investigation  Bureau  to  combat  on  organized  transnational  crimes,  in  particular  in  IPR  infringement  cases  with  the Mainland  and  overseas  counterparts.  Mr.  Chau  was  awarded  the  honours  of  Customs  and  Excise  Medal  for Meritorious  Service  (C.M.S.M.)  by  the  Chief  Executive  in  the  2017  honours  presentation  ceremony.

Mr.  HO  Kam  Kin ,  aged  45,  is  an  executive  director,  the  Group  chief  financial  officer,  company  secretary  and authorised  representative  of  the  Company.  He  is  also  a  director  of  a  subsidiary  of  the  Company.  He  is  a  member  of the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  and  a  fellow  member  of  the  Association  of  Chartered Certified  Accountants.  He  obtained  a  Bachelor  of  Arts  Degree  in  Accountancy  and  Master  Degree  of  Corporate Finance  from  The  Hong  Kong  Polytechnic  University.  Mr.  HO  held  senior  accounting  positions  in  a  number  of companies listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange  and  worked  in  international  audit  firms  for  over  three  years.  He  has  over  20 years  of  experience  in  financial  reporting  and  financial  management.  Prior  to  joining  the  Company,  he  was  the financial  controller  and  company  secretary  of  Great  China  Holdings  (Hong  Kong)  Limited  (Stock  code:  21.HK),  a company  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited.  Mr.  HO  joined  the  Group  in September 2016.

Ms.  KWOK Shuk Yi ,  aged  46,  is  an  executive  director,  the  director  of  Group  human  resources  and  public  relations of  the  Company.  She  holds  a  bachelor's  degree  in  Human  Resources  Management  from  The  Royal  Melbourne Institute  of  Technology  University  in  Australia  and  graduated  with  distinction.  She  has  over  20  years  of  experience  in human  resources  management  in  Hong  Kong  listed  companies,  China  and  overseas  investment  companies.  In  the Group, in addition  to  being  responsible  for  human  resources  and  administration  management,  she  has  also  expanded the  management scope to business-related public relations  in  recent  years.  In  the  future,  she  will  be  involved  more  in management of the Group's business strategies and overall operations. She joined the Group in July 2008.

## PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Non-executive Director

Dr.  CHENG Yanjie ,  aged  58,  is  a  non-executive  director  of  the  Company.  He  joined  the  Group  in  July  2019.  Being  a practicing  Chinese  medicine  practitioner,  he  holds  Bachelor  degree  of  Traditional  Chinese  Medicine  of  Changchun University  of  Chinese  Medicine  ( 長春中醫學院中醫系學士學位 ),  Master  of  Neurology  of  the  Affiliated  Hospital  of Changchun  University  of  Chinese  Medicine  ( 長春中醫學院附屬醫院神經內科碩士學位 )  and  Doctor  of  Neurology  of Beijing  University  of  Chinese  Medicine  Dongzhimen  Hospital  ( 北京中醫藥大學東直門醫院神經內科博士學位 ).  He previously  served  as  Resident  Neurologist  of  the  Affiliated  Hospital  of  Changchun  University  of  Chinese  Medicine  ( 長 春中醫學院附屬醫院神經內科住院醫師 ),  Attending  Physician  of  China  Medical  Center  in  Kuwait  ( 科威特國中國醫療 中心主治醫師 ),  Neurology  attending  physician  of  Beijing  University  of  Chinese  Medicine  Dongzhimen  Hospital  ( 北京中 醫藥大學東直門醫院神經內科主治醫師 )  and  worked  in  the  R&amp;D  department  of  China  National  Pharmaceutical  Group Co.,  Ltd.  ( 中國藥材集團公司 ).  He  serves  as  committee  member  of  China  Pharmaceutical  Culture  Society  ( 中國藥文化 協會理事 ),  executive  director  of  Beijing  Chaoyang  District  Chinese  Medicine  Association  ( 北京市朝陽區中醫協會常務 理事 )  and  expert  speaker  of  knowledge  base  popularization  and  bilingual  health  lecture  of  Beijing  Chaoyang  District ( 北京市朝陽區中醫科普及雙語養生講座專家 ).  Dr.  CHENG  is  currently  the  Chief  Physician  of  Chinese  medicine  clinic of  Beijing  Luxiancaotang  ( 北京鹿銜草堂中醫診所主任醫師 ). He  currently serves as a  director  of  Bencao  Lihua Investment  Management Co., Ltd. ( 本草利華投資管理有限公司 ).

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. LAU Fai Lawrence ,  aged  51,  is  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  the  Company  and  a  chairperson  of  the audit  committee  and  remuneration  committee  of  the  Company.  He  joined  the  Company  in  January  2020.  Mr.  LAU  is currently  a  practising  certified  public  accountant  in  Hong  Kong.  Mr.  LAU  graduated  from  The  University  of  Hong Kong  with  a  bachelor's  degree  in  business  administration  in  1994  and  obtained  a  master's  degree  in  corporate finance  from  Hong  Kong  Polytechnic  University  in  2007.  Mr.  LAU  is  currently  the  company  secretary  of  BBMG Corporation  (stock  code:  2009.HK)  since  August  2008,  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  Artini  Holdings Limited  (stock  code:  789.HK)  since  April  2008,  Titan  Petrochemicals  Group  Limited  (In  Liquidation)  (stock  code:  1192. HK)  since  March  2014,  Renco  Holdings  Group  Limited  (stock  code:  2323.HK)  since  March  2016  and  China  Energine International  (Holdings)  Limited  since  March  2020  (stock  code:  1185.HK).  Mr.  LAU  was  an  executive  director  of  Future World Financial  Holdings  Limited  (stock  code:  572.HK)  between  January  2014  and  July  2022,  a  non-executive  director of  Alltronics  Holdings  Limited  (stock  code:  833.HK)  between  March  2017  and  December  2018,  an  independent  nonexecutive  director  of  Winto  Group  (Holdings)  Limited  (stock  code:  8238.HK)  between  April  2019  and  November  2019 and Tenwow International Holdings Limited (stock code: 1219.HK) between November 2018 and November 2020.

## PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei ,  aged  71,  is  an  independent  non-executive  Director  of  the  Company.  He  is  also  a  member  of  the  audit committee,  the  remuneration  committee  and  the  nomination  committee  of  the  Company  respectively.  He  graduated from  National  Chung-Hsing  University  in  Taiwan.  After  graduation,  he  continued  his  studies  in  National  Cheng-Chi University,  Taiwan  and  the  University  of  Southern  California,  U.S.A.  and  obtained  Master  of  Science  and  MBA  degrees respectively.  He  was  then  conferred  his  Doctoral  degree  in  public  administration  from  the  University  of  La  Verne, U.S.A,  and  the  Doctoral  degree  in  Finance  from  Shanghai  University  of  Finance  and  Economics.  Apart  from  his  strong educational  background,  Dr.  LIU  has  been  active  in  the  financial  field  for  more  than  25  years.  Dr.  LIU  was  previously the  executive  director  of  Huisheng  International  Holdings  Limited,  which  is  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock Exchange (Stock code: 1340.HK) from June 2016 to February 2020. He was previously the director of Mega Financial Holdings  Company Limited (' Mega Financial Holdings '),  which  is  listed  on  the  Taiwan  Stock  Exchange  Corporation (Stock  code:  2886.TW)  and  also  served  as  the  chairman  of  Mega  Securities  Co.,  Ltd,  a  subsidiary  of  Mega  Financial Holdings.  He  had  also  been  the  director  of  Global  Securities  Finance  Corporation,  Chung  Hsing  Bills  Finance Corporation,  and  Central  Investment  Holding  Company,  and  the  chairman  of  Jen  Hwa  Investment  Holding  Company. Dr.  LIU  had  served  China  Development  Industrial  Bank,  one  of  the  top  management  of  Taiwan's  largest  Investment Banks.  He  had  also  been  the  chief  executive  officer  and  an  executive  director  of  the  Core  Pacific-Yamaichi  Group  in Hong Kong. Dr. LIU  was  ranked  as  one  of  the  'Top  Ten  Intelligent  Financial  Personnel  in  Greater  China'  and  he  was conferred  the  'Best  Integrity  Award'  in  2008.  He  was  also  granted  the  honour  of  'Golden  Peak  Award  of Outstanding Corporation Leaders in Taiwan' in 1998. Dr. LIU was also a member of the Hong Kong-Taiwan Business Co-operation Committee. He joined the Group in February 2017.

Mr.  LAM  Kit  Sun ,  aged  45,  is  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  the  Company,  the  chairperson  of  the nomination  committee  of  the  Company  and  a  member  of  the  audit  committee  and  remuneration  committee  of  the Company.  He  joined  the  Company  in  August  2022.  He  is  an  executive  director,  chief  financial  officer  and  company secretary  of  Universe  Entertainment  and  Culture  Group  Company  Limited  (stock  code:  1046),  the  securities  of  which are  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  since  August  2013.  He  has  over  20 years'  experience  in  the  field  of  financial  reporting,  financial  management  and  audit  experience  in  the  PRC  and  Hong Kong. He graduated from The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology with a bachelor's degree in Business Administration  in  Accounting.  Mr.  LAM  is  a  fellow  and  practicing  member  of  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified Public  Accountants,  a  fellow  member  of  the  Association  of  Chartered  Certified  Accountants,  an  associate  of  The Hong Kong Chartered  Governance  Institute  and  a  non-practicing  member  of  the  Chinese  Institute  of  Certified  Public Accountants.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr.  LI  Long, aged  32,  is  a  director  of  the  e-commerce  and  supply  chain  business  of  the  Group.  He  is  currently  the chief  executive  officer  of  ConnectionTech  Ltd..  He  is  also  a  special  Internet  consultant  for  Audi  China  and  a  special Internet  lecturer  for  the  Medical  Director  Class  in  Tsinghua  University.  During  his  tenure  at  Tencent  WeChat  from 2014  to  2016,  he  promoted  420,000  pharmacies  across  the  country  to  fully  embrace  the  transformation  of  smart pharmacies,  and  promoted  the  cross-border  use  of  WeChat  payment  in  32  countries  around  the  world.  During  his tenure  at  Sohu  Changyou  from  2013  to  2014,  he  led  the  overseas  team  to  build  an  application  product  matrix  for the  Middle  East  market.  During  his  tenure  at  Cheetah  Mobile  from  2011  to  2013,  he  created  a  tool  product  with over  100  million  daily  active  users  (DAU)  worldwide.  He  joined  the  Group  in  2022.

## PROFILES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. HUANG Cheng ,  aged  39,  is  the  chief  officer  of  e-commerce  and  supply  chain  business  of  the  Group.  He  is  the founder  of  LE  FAIRE  LIMITED  (a  cross-border  beauty  company  in  Hong  Kong),  a  veteran  of  the  e-commerce  industry, with  more  than  10  years  of  experience  in  the  e-commerce  industry.  In  2003,  he  independently  founded  an  online trading  forum  serving  the  campus.  In  2005,  he  established  a  studio  and  became  the  first  seller  of  imported  products such  as  Japanese  beauty  cosmetics  on  eBay.  Since  2009,  he  has  transformed  into  a  beauty  agency.  He  has successively  signed  contracts  as  the  general  agent  of  Japanese/European  independent  brands  in  China,  and  laid  the foundation  for  the  brand's  first  success  in  the  Chinese  market.  Successful  cases:  Regenerate  (oral  care),  NOV (Japanese  skin  care),  Elta  MD  (amino  acid  cleansing),  etc.  In  recent  years,  he  has  become  an  authorized  agent  of  the world-renowned cosmetics group company COTY INC (Coty Group), Unilever Group, Colgate Group, etc. He also has in-depth  cooperation  with  Tmall  Beauty,  Tmall  International  Beauty,  Tmall  Supermarket,  etc.,  and  won  the  honor  of the  best  cooperation  partner  of  Tmall  International  for  several  consecutive  years.  He  has  rich  and  complete  industry experience,  and  has  deep  insights  into  marketing,  data  analysis,  and  CRM  (customer  management  system).  He  joined the  Group  in  2022.

Mr. LU Jiaxin ,  aged  35,  is  a  director  of  the  Group's  e-commerce  and  supply  chain  business  (Greater  China).  He  has 10  years  of  experience  in  the  cross-border  e-commerce  import  industry.  He  has  worked  as  a  partner  to  start  a business.  He  has  participated  in  supply  chain  projects  for  various  categories  of  branded  commodities.  He  is  familiar with  the  cross-border  policy  trends  of  various  ports.  He  had  many  successful  cases  of  leading  teams  to  innovate  and break  through  the  barriers  of  cross-border  business.  From  2009  to  2016,  he  held  positions  in  bonded  logistics  and supply  chain  in  Shenzhen  Haigang  City  Logistics  Co.,  Ltd*.  In  2016,  He  co-founded  Shenzhen  Anjie  Supply  Chain Management  Co.,  Ltd.*,  in  which  he  built  Anjieyi  cross-border  shopping  mall  Laixuan  Mall,  successfully  signed contracts  with  well-known  Korean  beauty  brands  MEDIHEAL,  SNP,  Dr  Jart+,  Merbliss  and  Thai  brand  makeup  Lei  RAY and  achieved  the  annual  sales  target  of  RMB30  million  through  multiple  channels  in  2018.  From  2019  to  2020,  he was  the  head  of  business  market  development  of  Shenzhen  Qianhai  Yilian  Network  Technology  Co.,  Ltd*.  He completed  the  credit  cooperation  project  with  Xingfa  Aluminum  and  Huaxing  Bank  in  the  system  development  and operation  of  the  blockchain  financial  alliance  chain  (Xinyun  Chain),  so  that  the  downstream  of  the  core  enterprise could  obtain  the  bank's  credit  line  through  the  data  on  the  chain,  solving  the  problem  of  financing  difficulties  in some  downstream  channels.  From  2020  to  2021,  he  was  the  supply  chain  manager  of  Fosun  Happy  Shopping (Shenzhen)  Technology  Co.,  Ltd.*,  and  completed  the  supply  chain  work  of  Charrier,  Purmeo  and  other  health  line brands  in  Tmall  Global.  He  assisted  the  operation  team  to  successfully  achieve  the  sales  target  of  RMB50  million  in two  quarters  required  by  the  group.  He  has  been  the  supply  chain  expert  consultant  of  Shenzhen  Yuanwan Technology Co., Ltd.* since 2021, responsible for the promotion of the cross-border e-commerce import supply chain fintech  digitalization  project  (Saas  system  platform  business).  He  joined  the  Group  in  2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Board  is  committed  to  maintaining  and  achieving  a  high  standard  of  corporate  governance  with  an  emphasis  on a  quality  Board,  an  effective  accountability  system  and  a  healthy  corporate  culture  in  order  to  safeguard  the  interests of  the  Shareholders  and  enhance  the  business  growth  of  the  Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICE

The  Company has  adopted  and  complied  with  the  applicable  code  provisions  as  set  out  in  Appendix  15  of  the  GEM Listing  Rules  (the  ' CG  Code ')  during  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  except  for  the  following  deviations  which  are summarized below:

## Code Provision C.2.1

The chairperson of  the  Company is  responsible  for  overseeing  the  functions  of  the  Board  and  formulating  the  overall strategies  and  policies  of  the  Company.  The  chief  executive  officer  of  the  Company  is  responsible  for  the  day-to-day management  of  the  business  of  the  Group,  implementing  major  strategies,  making  day-to-day  decisions  and  the overall  coordination  of  business  operations.  During  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  the  roles  of  the  chairperson  and chief  executive  officer  were  not  separate  and  were  not  exercised  by  different  individuals.  The  responsibilities  of  both roles  are  the  same  as  mentioned  above.  The  Board  considers  that  vesting  the  roles  of  chairperson  and  chief  executive officer  in  the  same  individual  is  beneficial  to  the  business  prospects  and  management  of  the  Group.  The  Board  will review  the  need  of  appointing  suitable  candidate  to  assume  the  role  of  the  chief  executive  officer  when  necessary.

The  corporate  governance  practices  of  the  Company  will  be  reviewed  and  updated  from  time  to  time  in  order  to comply with the GEM Listing Rules requirements when the Board considers appropriate.

## DIRECTORS' SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The  Company has adopted the required standard of  dealings  set  out  in  Rules  5.48  to  5.67  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules as  the  code  of  conduct  (the  ' Code  of  Conduct ')  regarding  the  Directors'  securities  transaction  in  respect  of  the Shares.  Having  made  specific  enquiries,  the  Company  has  confirmed  with  all  the  Directors  that  they  have  complied with  the  required  standards  as  set  out  in  the  Code  of  Conduct  throughout  the  year  ended  30  June  2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Board Composition

The composition of the Board during the year and up to the date of this annual report is as follows:

## Executive Directors

Mr.  CHAU Wai Wah Fred (re-designated on 1 August 2022)

Mr.  HO  Kam Kin (appointed  on  5  September  2022)

Mr.  KWOK Shuk Yi (appointed on 5 September 2022)

Mr.  LIAO  Zhe (resigned  on  5  September  2022)

Mr.  CHEUK Ka Chun Kevin (resigned on 5 September 2022)

Mr.  CHAN Ting (resigned  on  1  August  2022)

## Non-executive Directors

Dr.  CHENG Yanjie Madam CHEUNG Kwai Lan (resigned on 1 August 2022)

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr.  LAU  Fai  Lawrence

Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei

Mr.  LAM Kit  Sun (appointed  on  1  August  2022)

The  biographical  details  of  the  Directors  are  set  out  in  the  section  headed  'Profiles  of  Directors  and  Senior Management'  in  this  annual  report.  The  relationships  (including  financial,  business,  family  or  other  material  or relevant  relationships)  among  members  of  the  Board  are  also  disclosed  therein.

## Responsibility  of  the  Board

The  Board  is  responsible  for  the  leadership  and  control  of,  and  promoting  the  success  of  the  Group.  Apart  from  its statutory  and  fiduciary  responsibilities,  the  Board  is  responsible  for  reviewing  the  financial  performance  of  the  Group and approving and monitoring the Group's strategic plans, major investments, risk managements and internal control policies. The Board is also responsible for monitoring managerial performance and achieving return for the Shareholders.

Further,  the  Board  is  responsible  for  supervising  the  management  of  the  Group  (the  ' Management ')  and  has delegated  the  responsibility  for  daily  operations  and  management  of  the  Group's  businesses  to  the  Management  but material  transactions  such  as  acquisitions  and  disposals  of  assets  of  the  Group  are  required  to  be  approved  by  the Board.  The  Management,  led  by  the  chief  executive  officer  of  the  Company  and  comprising  a  team  of  senior managers who have extensive experience and expertise in different  areas,  is  responsible  for  managing  the  day-to-day operations,  implementing  the  strategies  set  by  the  Board,  and  assisting  the  Board  in  formulating  and  implementing corporate  strategies.

## Independent Non-executive Directors

During  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  the  Company  had  three  independent  non-executive  Directors  of  the  Company (the  ' INED(s) ')  and  at  least  one  of  whom  has  appropriate  professional  qualifications  or  accounting  or  related financial  management  expertise  under  Rule  5.05  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules.  The  Company  has  received  from  each INED  an  annual  confirmation  of  his  independence  pursuant  to  Rule  5.09  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules.  The  Company considers  all  of  the  INEDs  to  be  independent.

Each  INED  is  required  to  inform  the  Company  as  soon  as  practicable  if  there  is  any  change  that  may  affect  his/her independence.

## Directors'  Appointment and Re-election

All  the  Directors  have  not  entered  into  any  service  contracts  with  the  Company  but  are  subject  to  retirement  by rotation  and  re-election  at  the  annual  general  meetings  of  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  Articles  of Association.

## Continuous Professional Development

The  Company  provides  the  Directors  with  regular  updates  on  business  development  of  the  Group.  The  Directors  are regularly  briefed  in  the  latest  development  on  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  and  other  applicable  statutory  requirements  to ensure  compliance  and  upkeep  of  good  corporate  governance  practices.  The  Company  also  recommends  them  to attend  relevant  seminars  to  develop  and  refresh  their  knowledge  and  skills.  All  Directors  are  requested  to  provide  the Company  with  their  respective  training  records  pursuant  to  the  CG  Code.  During  the  year,  all  the  Directors  have participated  in  appropriate  continuous  professional  development  activities  either  by  attending  external  seminars  or  by reading  materials  relevant  to  the  Company's  business  or  to  the  Directors'  duties  and  responsibilities.

## Director's  and  Officer's  Liability  Insurance

The  Company  has  arranged  appropriate  insurance  coverage  in  respect  of  any  legal  action  which  may  be  brought against  the  Directors  and  senior  management  of  the  Group  in  the  course  of  execution  of  their  duties  in  good  faith. The insurance  coverage  is  reviewed  on  an  annual  basis.

## Board Meetings, Board Committees Meetings and General Meetings

The  Company  conducts  scheduled  Board  meetings  on  a  quarterly  basis  to  discuss  strategies  and  business  issues, including  financial  performance  of  the  Group.  The  Board  would  meet  more  frequently  as  and  when  required.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  attendance  of  individual  members  of  the  Board  at  Board  meetings,  meetings  of  the  Board  committees,  annual general  meeting  and  extraordinary  general  meeting(s)  during  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  as  well  as  the  number  of such  meetings  held,  are  set  out  as  follows:

| ## Meetings Attended/Held  Board  Audit  Committee  Remuneration  Committee  Nomination  Committee  Annual  General  Meeting  Extraordinary  General  Meeting  Number of Meeting  8  4  1  1  1  1  Executive Directors  Mr.  CHAU Wai Wah Fred  (re-designated  on  1  August  2022)  8/8  4/4  1/1  1/1  1/1  1/1  Mr.  HO  Kam Kin  (appointed  on  5  September  2022)  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  Mr.  KWOK Shuk Yi  (appointed  on  5  September  2022)  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  Mr.  LIAO  Zhe (resigned  on  5  September  2022)  7/8  N/A  N/A  N/A  1/1  1/1  Mr.  CHEUK Ka Chun Kevin  (resigned  on  5  September  2022)  8/8  N/A  N/A  N/A  1/1  1/1  Mr.  CHAN Ting  (resigned  on  1  August  2022)  8/8  N/A  1/1  1/1  1/1  1/1  Non-executive Directors  Dr.  CHENG Yanjie  8/8  N/A  N/A  N/A  1/1  1/1  Madam CHEUNG Kwai Lan  (resigned  on  1  August  2022)  5/8  N/A  N/A  N/A  1/1  1/1  Independent Non-executive  Directors  Mr.  LAU  Fai  Lawrence  8/8  4/4  1/1  N/A  1/1  1/1  Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei  7/8  3/4  1/1  1/1  1/1  1/1  Mr.  LAM Kit  Sun  (appointed  on  1  August  2022)  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All  Directors  have  access  to  relevant  and  timely  information  at  all  times  as  the  Management  will  supply  the  Board and  the  Board  committees  with  all  relevant  information  in  a  timely  manner.  They  may  make  further  enquiries  if  in their  opinion  it  is  necessary  or  appropriate  to  request  for  further  information.  They  also  have  unrestricted  access  to the  advice  and  services  of  the  company  secretary  of  the  Company  (the  ' Company  Secretary '),  who  is  responsible for  providing  the  Directors  with  Board  papers  and  related  materials,  and  ensuring  that  all  Board  procedures  and  all applicable  rules  and  regulations  are  followed.  If  the  Directors  considered  necessary  and  appropriate,  they  may  upon reasonable  request  seek  independent  professional  advice  at  the  Company's  expense.

Except  for  those  circumstances  permitted  by  the  Articles  of  Association  and  the  GEM  Listing  Rules,  when  a  Director who  has  a  material  interest  in  any  transaction,  arrangement,  contract  or  any  other  kind  of  proposal  put  forward  to the  Board  for  consideration,  he  or  she  shall  not  be  counted  in  the  quorum  of  the  Board  meeting  and  shall  abstain from voting on the relevant  resolution.

## CHAIRPERSON AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

The chairperson of  the  Company is  responsible  for  overseeing  the  functions  of  the  Board  and  formulating  the  overall strategies  and  policies  of  the  Company.  The  chief  executive  officer  of  the  Company  is  responsible  for  the  day-to-day management  of  the  business  of  the  Group,  implementing  major  strategies,  making  day-to-day  decisions  and  the overall  coordination  of  business  operations.  During  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  the  roles  of  the  chairperson  and chief  executive  officer  were  not  separate  and  were  not  exercised  by  different  individuals.  Mr.  CHAN  Ting  was  both the  chairperson  and  chief  executive  officer  of  the  Company.  The  responsibilities  of  both  roles  are  the  same  as mentioned  above.  The  Board  considers  that  vesting  the  roles  of  chairperson  and  chief  executive  officer  in  the  same individual  is  beneficial  to  the  business  prospects  and  management  of  the  Group.  The  Board  will  review  the  need  of appointing  suitable  candidate  to  assume  the  role  of  the  chief  executive  officer  when  necessary.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The  Board  has  maintained  three  board  committees  (the  ' Board  Committees '),  namely  the  audit  committee,  the remuneration  committee  and  the  nomination  committee,  throughout  the  year  to  oversee  particular  aspects  of  the Group's affairs.  Each  committee  has  specific  terms  of  reference  clearly  defining  its  powers,  duties  and  responsibilities. The  terms  of  reference  of  the  Board  Committees  are  published  on  the  websites  of  the  Company  and  the  Stock Exchange.  The  Board  Committees  are  provided  with  sufficient resources to discharge their duties  and,  upon reasonable  request,  are  able  to  seek  independent  professional  advice  under  appropriate  circumstances,  at  the Company's  expenses.  All  Board  Committees  have  adopted  the  applicable  practices  and  procedures  used  in  Board meetings in  conducting  their  respective  meetings.

## Audit Committee

For  the  year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  audit  committee  of  the  Company  (the  ' Audit Committee ')  comprised  three  INEDs,  namely,  Mr.  LAU  Fai  Lawrence,  Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei,  Mr.  LAM  Kit  Sun  (appointed  on 1  August  2022)  and  Mr.  CHAU  Wai  Wah  Fred  (ceased  to  be  the  Audit  Committee  member  after  re-designation  to executive  Director  of  the  Company  on  1  August  2022).  Mr.  LAU  has  been  appointed  as  the  chairperson  of  the  Audit Committee. The major duties and functions of the Audit Committee are (i) to review the financial information of the Company;  (ii)  to  review  the  accounting  policies,  financial  position  and  results,  financial  reporting  system,  and  risk management  and  internal  control  systems  of  the  Group;  (iii)  to  oversee  the  relationship  between  the  Company  and the  external  auditors  and  (iv)  to  provide  recommendations  and  advices  to  the  Board  on  the  appointment,  reappointment  and  removal  of  external  auditors  as  well  as  their  term  of  appointment.  During  the  year  ended  30  June 2022,  the  Audit  Committee  held  four  meetings  (i)  to  discuss  the  financial  reporting  and  the  compliance  procedures with  the  external  auditors;  (ii)  to  consider  the  re-appointment  of  auditors  of  the  Company;  and  (iii)  to  review  the audited  annual  results  and  unaudited  quarterly  and  interim  results.  Individual  attendance  of  the  Audit  Committee members are set out on page 18 of this annual report.

The  Group's  audited  consolidated  results  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  have  been  reviewed  by  the  Audit Committee.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Remuneration Committee

For  the  year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  remuneration  committee  of  the  Company  (the ' Remuneration  Committee ')  comprised  four  members,  a  majority  of  them  being  the  INEDs,  namely  Mr.  LAU  Fai Lawrence, Mr. CHAU Wai Wah Fred, Dr. LIU Ta-pei, Mr. LAM Kit Sun (appointed on 1 August 2022) and Mr. CHAN Ting  (resigned  on  1  August  2022).  Mr.  LAU  has  been  appointed  as  the  chairperson  of  the  Remuneration  Committee. The  major  duties  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  include  assisting  the  Board  to  develop  and  administer  fair  and transparent  procedures  for  setting  policies  on  the  remuneration  of  the  Directors  and  senior  management  of  the Company  and  making  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  remuneration  packages  of  the  Directors  and  senior management  of  the  Company.  During  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  one  meeting  was  held  by  the  Remuneration Committee. At the meeting, the Remuneration Committee has performed its duties to make recommendations to the Board  on  the  remuneration  packages  of  the  Directors.  Individual  attendance  of  the  Remuneration  Committee members are set out on page 18 of this annual report.

## Annual Emoluments Payable to Members of the Senior Management by Band

The  annual  emolument  of  the  members  of  the  senior  management  by  band  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  is  as follows:

| Emoluments Band  No. of Individuals  HK$5,500,001 - HK$6,000,000  -  HK$3,000,001 - HK$3,500,000  1  HK$1,500,001 - HK$2,000,000  -  HK$1,000,001 - HK$1,500,000  3  HK$500,001 - HK$1,000,000  1  Nil  -  HK$500,000  -  Total:  5   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Nomination Committee

For  the  year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  nomination  committee  of  the  Company  (the  ' Nomination Committee ')  comprised  three  members,  a  majority  of  them  being  the  INEDs,  namely  Mr.  LAM  Kit  Sun  (appointed  on 1  August  2022),  Mr.  CHAU  Wai  Wah  Fred,  Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei  and  Mr.  CHAN  Ting  (resigned  on  1  August  2022).  Mr. CHAN Ting has been appointed as  the  chairperson  of  the  Nomination  Committee  till  31  July  2022  and  Mr.  LAM  Kit Sun  has  been  appointed  as  the  chairperson  of  the  Nomination  Committee  with  effect  from  1  August  2022.  The major  roles  and  functions  of  the  Nomination  Committee  include  reviewing  the  structure,  size,  composition  and diversity  of  the  Board  at  least  once  a  year;  making  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  appointment  and  reappointment of the Directors and succession planning of the Directors; and assessing the independence of the INEDs. During  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  one  meeting  was  held  by  the  Nomination  Committee.  In  the  meeting,  the Nomination Committee has performed its duties to review the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board, make  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  appointment  and  re-appointment  of  the  Directors  and  review  the independence of the INEDs. Individual  attendance  of  the  Nomination  Committee  members  are  set  out  on  page  18  of this  annual  report.

## Board Diversity Policy

The  Nomination  Committee  has  adopted  the  board  diversity  policy.  The  Company  recognises  and  embraces  the benefits  of  having  a  diverse  Board  to  enhance  the  quality  of  its  performance.  In  designing  the  Board's  composition, the  Board  diversity  has  been  considered  from  a  range  of  diversity  perspectives,  including  but  not  limited  to  gender, age,  cultural  and  educational  background,  professional  experience,  skills,  knowledge  and  length  of  service.  The Company also takes into account these factors based on its own business model and specific needs from time to time and  the  ultimate  decision  will  be  based  on  merit  and  contribution  that  the  selected  candidates  will  bring  to  the Board.

## Nomination Policy

The Nomination Committee has adopted the nomination policy. The secretary of the Nomination Committee shall call a  meeting  of  the  Nomination  Committee,  and  invite  nominations  of  candidates  from  the  Board  members  (if  any),  for consideration  by  the  Nomination  Committee  prior  to  its  meeting.  The  Nomination  Committee  may  also  put  forward candidates  who  are  not  nominated  by  the  Board  members.  The  Nomination  Committee  shall  make  recommendations of  the  candidates  for  the  Board's  consideration  and  approval.  For  proposing  candidates  to  stand  for  re-election  at  a general  meeting,  the  Nomination  Committee  shall  make  nominations  to  the  Board  for  its  consideration.

The  factors  considered  by  the  Nomination  Committee  in  assessing  the  suitability  of  a  proposed  candidate  include  (i) reputation  for  integrity;  (ii)  qualifications  including  professional  qualifications,  skills,  knowledge  and  experience  that  are relevant  to  the  Company's  business  and  corporate  strategy;  (iii)  willingness  to  devote  adequate  time  to  discharge duties  as  a  Board  member  and  other  directorships  and  significant  commitments;  (iv)  diversity  in  all  its  aspects, including  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age  (18  years  or  above),  cultural  and  educational  background,  professional experience,  skills,  knowledge  and  length  of  service;  (v)  independence  requirements  (for  nomination  of  INEDs  only) pursuant  to  Rule  5.09  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules;  and  (vi)  such  other  perspectives  appropriate  to  the  Company's business.

## Corporate Governance Function

The  Company  has  not  established  a  corporate  governance  committee.  With  the  leadership  of  the  chairperson  of  the Company  and  assistance  from  the  chief  executive  officer  of  the  Company,  the  Board  is  committed  to  promoting corporate  governance  which  serves  as  a  vital  element  of  risk  management  throughout  the  growth  and  expansion  of the  Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## Financial  Reporting

The Directors  acknowledge their  responsibility  to  prepare  the  financial  statements  for  each  financial  period  which  give a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  financial  affairs  of  the  Group.  The  Directors  also  ensure  that  (i)  the  financial  statements  of the  Group  are  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  statutory  requirements  and  applicable  accounting  standards  on  a going  concern  basis  and  (ii)  the  publication  of  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  is  in  a  timely  manner.  The Directors  have  also  made  judgments  and  estimates  that  are  prudent  and  reasonable  in  the  preparation  of  the consolidated  financial  statements.

A statement by the external auditors about their reporting responsibility is set out in the section headed 'Independent Auditor's Report' in this  annual  report.

## Risk  Management and Internal Controls

The  Board  complied  with  the  code  provisions  on  risk  management  and  internal  control  as  set  out  in  the  CG  code. The Board has the overall  responsibility  for  evaluating  and  determining  the  nature  and  extent  of  the  risks  it  is  willing to  take  in  achieving  the  Group's  strategic  objectives,  and  maintaining  appropriate  and  effective  risk  management  and internal  control  systems  for  the  Group  with  the  support  of  the  Audit  Committee.  The  systems  are  designed  to manage the risk of failure  to  achieve  business  objectives,  and  can  only  provide  reasonable  and  not  absolute  assurance against  material  misstatement  or  loss.

The  Management  has  established  comprehensive  policies,  standards  and  procedures  in  areas  of  operational,  financial and  risk  controls  for  safeguarding  the  Company's  assets  against  unauthorised  use  or  disposition;  for  maintaining proper  accounting  records;  and  for  ensuring  the  reliability  of  financial  information  to  achieve  a  satisfactory  level  of assurance  against  fraud  and  errors.

The  Board  has  overseen  the  Company's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  on  an  ongoing  basis.  A  yearend  review  of  the  effectiveness  of  the  Group's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  has  been  conducted annually.  Such  review  covered  the  financial,  operational  and  compliance  controls  of  the  significant  subsidiaries  of  the Group  and  included  the  adequacy  of  resources,  qualifications  and  experience  of  staff  of  the  Company's  accounting, internal  audit  and  financial  reporting  functions,  and  their  training  programmes  and  budget.  The  Company  has  an internal  audit  function  to  carry  out  analysis  and  independent  appraisal  of  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  the systems.  The  systems  were  considered  to  be  effective  and  adequate.

The  internal  audit  function  also  has  procedures  in  place  to  keep  information  confidential  and  manage  actual  or potential  conflicts  of  interest.  Employees  of  the  Group  are  prohibited  from  using  inside  information  for  their  own benefit. The  Board  also has the responsibility to disseminate to the Shareholders and  the public any inside information  by  way  of  announcements  in  accordance  with  the  GEM  Listing  Rules.

## AUDITORS' REMUNERATION

The Company reviews the appointment of external auditors on an annual basis, including a review of the audit scope and approval of the audit fee. During the year, the fee paid/payable to the Company's external auditors for audit and non-audit  services  amounted  to  HK$850,000  and  HK$Nil.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr.  HO  Kam  Kin  (' Mr.  HO ')  was  appointed  as  the  Company  Secretary  with  effect  from  1  September  2016,  and  is currently  the  executive  Director,  group  chief  financial  officer  and  authorised  representative  of  the  Company.  The biographical  details  of  Mr.  HO  are  set  out  in  the  section  headed  'Profiles  of  Directors  and  Senior  Management'  on page 11.

During  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  Mr.  HO  has  complied  with  Rule  5.15  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  for  taking  no less  than  15  hours  of  relevant  professional  training.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

## Right to Convene an Extraordinary General Meeting (the 'EGM')

In  accordance  with  Article  72  of  the  Articles  of  Association,  any  two  or  more  shareholders  holding  at  the  date  of deposit  of  the  requisition  not  less  than  one-tenth  of  the  paid  up  capital  of  the  Company  carrying  the  right  of  voting at  general  meetings  of  the  Company  shall  at  all  times  have  the  right,  by  written  requisition  to  the  Board  or  the Company Secretary, to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition.

## Right to Direct Enquiries to the Board

The  Shareholders  may  at  any  time  send  their  enquiries  and  concerns  to  the  Board  in  writing  through  the  Company Secretary  by  addressing  them  to  the  head  office  and  principal  place  of  business  of  the  Company  in  Hong  Kong  at Units  15-16,  25/F.,  Corporation  Park,  11  On  Lai  Street,  Shatin,  New  Territories,  Hong  Kong.  The  Shareholders  may also  make  enquiries  with  the  Board  at  the  general  meetings  of  the  Company.

## Right to Put Forward Proposals at a General Meeting

The  Shareholders  are  welcomed  to  suggest  proposals  relating  to  the  operations,  strategy  and/or  management  of  the Group.  The  Shareholders  shall  follow  Article  72  of  the  Articles  of  Association  for  including  a  resolution  at  the  EGM. The  requirements  and  procedures  are  set  out  in  paragraph  headed  'Right  to  Convene  an  Extraordinary  General Meeting (the ' EGM ')'  above.

## INVESTORS RELATIONS

The  Company  has  established  a  range  of  communication  channels  between  itself  and  its  Shareholders,  investors  and other  stakeholders.  These  include  the  annual  general  meeting,  the  annual,  interim  and  quarterly  reports,  notices, announcements, circulars  and  media  release  on  the  Company's  website  at  www.sinopharmtech.com.hk.

## CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

There  was  no  change  in  the  constitutional  documents  during  the  year.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

The Directors  are  pleased  to  present  the  annual  report  together  with  the  audited  consolidated  financial  statements  for the  year  ended  30  June  2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSIS OF OPERATION

The  principal  activity  of  the  Company  is  investment  holding  and  the  activities  of  the  subsidiaries  are  set  out  in  Note 47 to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements.

An  analysis  of  the  Group's  performance  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  by  segments  is  set  out  in  Note  9  to  the Consolidated Financial  Statements.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The  business  review  of  the  Group  for  the  year  is  set  out  in  the  sections  headed  'Management  Discussion  and Analysis',  'Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Report'  and  the  paragraphs  below.

The Group complies with the requirements under the Companies Ordinance, the GEM Listing Rules and the Securities and Futures Ordinance for the disclosure of information and corporate governance. The Group also complies with the requirements  of  the  Employment  Ordinance  and  ordinances  relating  to  occupational  safety  for  the  interest  of employees of the Group. The Group also complies with the relevant PRC laws and regulations relating to its business and  operations.  No  important  event  affecting  the  Group  has  occurred  since  the  end  of  the  financial  year  under review.

## Principal  Risks  and  Uncertainties  of  the  Group

During  the  year  under  review,  the  Group  was  facing  the  following  risks  and  uncertainties  in  our  business:  i)  Lottery Industry  Trends  and  regulations:  The  industry  trends  in  lottery  business  in  the  PRC  will  directly  affect  the  Group's operation.  The  decline  in  the  sales  of  lottery  market,  uncertainties  in  the  implantation  lottery  sales  through  online channels  and  implementation  of  any  additional  regulations  and  measures  by  the  relevant  authorities  could  have adversely  impact  on  the  Group's  business,  operation  and  financial  results.  ii)  Service  agreement  renewal:  The  Group signed  the  service  agreement  with  provincial  lottery  centers  and  other  customers  based  on  the  fixed  terms  of  period. The Group had maintained sound relationship with our customers and business partners to render the reliable lottery related  services  and  internet  plus  services  in  order  to  secure  and  renew  the  relevant  services  agreement.  But  the renewal of the relevant services  agreement  is  not  guarantee,  the  lottery  centers  require  to  perform  the  tender  process after  the  end  of  services  period.  In  case  of  such  services  agreement  will  not  be  renewed,  it  will  have  adversely  impact on  the  Group's  business  and  operation.  iii)  Internet  plus  services  business:  the  Group  has  opened  up  new  business development  on  'Internet  Plus'  in  order  to  explore  more  business  opportunities  for  the  Group.  The  Group  observed that  it  is  a  growing  market  and  the  business  is  less  susceptible  to  policy  and  regulatory  changes.  However,  the operating  results  of  that  new  business  have  been  materially  affected  by  the  industry  trends  and  future  development. iv)  Cost  increase:  Cost  increases,  whether  resulting  from  rising  costs  of  materials,  transportation,  minimum  wage legislations  in  Hong  Kong  or  Mainland  China  could  impact  the  profit  margins  of  the  Group  on  the  manufacturing  and distribution  of  its  products  on  personal  protective  equipment.  In  addition,  the  Group  may  be  subject  to  product liability  suits  or  product  recalls,  which  could  harm  our  personal  protective  equipment  business.

## Key Relationships with Employees, Customers and Suppliers

The  Group  recognizes  the  accomplishment  of  the  employees  by  providing  comprehensive  benefit  package,  career development  opportunities  and  internal  training  appropriate  to  individual  needs.  The  Group  provides  a  healthy  and safe  workplace  for  all  employees.

The  Group  encompasses  working  relationships  with  suppliers  to  meet  our  customers'  needs  in  an  effective  and efficient  manner.  The  Group's  requirements  and  standards  are  well  communicated  to  the  suppliers  before  the commencement of a project.

The Group values the views and opinions of all the customers through various means and channels to understand the customer  trends  and  needs.  The  Group  also  conducts  comprehensive  tests  and  checks  to  ensure  that  only  quality products  and  services  are  offered  to  the  customers.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  sales  to  the  five  largest  customers  accounted  for  approximately  78%  of  its  entire sales  and  sales  to  the  largest  customer  accounted  for  approximately  29%.  Purchases  from  the  Group's  five  largest suppliers  accounted  for  approximately  82%  of  the  total  purchases  for  the  year  and  purchases  from  the  largest supplier  accounted  for  approximately  54%.

None  of  the  Directors,  or  any  of  their  close  associates  or  any  Shareholders,  which  to  the  best  knowledge  of  the Directors  owned  more  than  5%  of  the  Company's  issued  share  capital,  had  any  beneficial  interest  in  these  major customers and suppliers.

## RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The  results  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  are  set  out  in  the  'Consolidated  Statement  of  Profit  or Loss  and  Other  Comprehensive  Income'  on  pages  65  and  66.

## DIVIDENDS

The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: Nil).

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The  Board  has  adopted  a  dividend  policy.  Any  distribution  of  dividends  shall  be  in  accordance  with  the  applicable laws  and  the  relevant  provisions  of  the  Articles  of  Association  effective  from  time  to  time.  The  Company  may  declare and distribute  final  dividends,  interim  dividends  or  special  dividends  as  may  be  determined  by  the  Board  from  time  to time.  Declaration  of  final  dividend  is  subject  to  the  approval  of  the  Shareholders.  The  Company  may  distribute dividends  by  way  of  cash  or  Shares.  Profit  distribution  of  the  Company  shall  take  into  account:  (i)  the  earnings  per share  of  the  Company;  (ii)  the  reasonable  return  in  investment  of  the  investors  and  the  Shareholders  in  order  to provide  incentive  to  them  to  continue  to  support  the  Company  in  its  long-term  development;  (iii)  the  financial conditions  and  business  plan  of  the  Company;  and  (iv)  the  market  sentiment  and  circumstances.

## FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A  summary  of  results  and  of  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Group  for  the  past  five  financial  years  is  set  out  on page 171 of this annual report.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## RESERVES

Details  of  movements  in  reserves  of  the  Group  during  the  year  are  set  out  in  the  section  headed  'Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity' on page 69.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details  of  movements  in  the  property,  plant  and  equipment  of  the  Group  during  the  year  are  set  out  in  Note  19  to the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements.

## CHARITABLE DONATIONS

During the year,  the  Group  made  charitable  donations  amounting  to  HK$Nil  (2021:  HK$Nil).

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There  are  no  provisions  for  pre-emptive  rights  under  the  Articles  of  Association  or  the  laws  of  the  Cayman  Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing Shareholders.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

As  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  based  on  the  information  that  is  publicly  available  to  the  Company  and  within the  knowledge  of  the  Directors,  the  Directors  confirm  that  the  Company  maintained  a  sufficient  public  float  as required  under  the  GEM  Listing  Rules.

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details  of  the  significant  related  party  transactions  which  also  constituted  exempted  connected  transactions  under Chapter  20  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  are  set  out  in  Note  46  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  of  this  annual report.

## CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT TO RULE 20.58 OF THE GEM LISTING RULES

On  12  November  2018,  Sinopharm  Health  Cross  Border  E-Commerce  Company  Limited  (' Sinopharm  Health '),  a non-wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  Hero  Global  Holdings  Limited  ( 英雄環球控股有限公司 )  (' Hero  Global '),  and Sinopharm Traditional Chinese Medicine Co. Ltd. ( 國藥藥材股份有限公司 ) (' Sino-TCM ') entered into a management  service  agreement  (the  ' Management  Service  Agreement '),  pursuant  to  which  Sinopharm  Health shall  provide  business  management  and  consulting  services  to  Sino-TCM.  The  transactions  contemplated  under  the Management  Service  Agreement  shall  continue  upon  completion  of  the  acquisition  of  the  100%  equity  interest  in Hero Global by the purchaser, Sinopharm Tech Corporate Management Limited (formerly known as China Vanguard Corporate  Management  Limited),  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  from  Sinopharm  Traditional  Chinese Medicine Overseas Holdings Limited ( 國藥藥材海外控股有限公司 )  (the  ' Vendor II ')  pursuant  to  a  sale  and  purchase agreement entered into on 4 January 2019.

Upon  completion  of  the  above  acquisition  on  6  May  2019,  Sinopharm  Health  became  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of the  Company.  The  Vendor  II  was  wholly-owned  by  Sino-TCM,  and  the  Vendor  II,  upon  completion  of  the  above acquisition  on  6  May  2019  and  the  allotment  and  issue  of  the  650,000,000  consideration  shares  on  10  May  2019, became  a  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company.  As  such,  the  Vendor  II  and  Sino-TCM  were  each  a  connected person  of  the  Company  upon  completion  of  the  above  acquisition.  The  transactions  under  the  Management  Service Agreement  became  continuing  connected  transactions  of  the  Company  (the  ' CCT ')  under  Chapter  20  of  the  GEM Listing  Rules.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

Pursuant  to  the  Management  Service  Agreement,  Sinopharm  Health  will  provide  business  management  and  Internet Plus  solutions  tailored  for  the  business  needs  of  Sino-TCM,  in  particular  the  development  of  the  platform.  The Company considered that the transactions with Sino-TCM under the Management Service Agreement would generate a  stable  source  of  income  to  the  Group  while  at  the  same  time  enable  Sinopharm  Health  to  expand  its  business  of Internet  Plus  Health  and  cross-border  e-commerce.

The term of the Management Service Agreement is three years commencing from 12 November 2018, being the date of  the  Management Service  Agreement,  and ended on 11 November 2021, which is renewable for a further term of three  years  as  mutually  agreed  by  the  parties  subject  to  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  Management  Service Agreement.

Sino-TCM shall pay an annual service fee in the sum of RMB28 million to Sinopharm Health for the services provided by  Sinopharm  Health  under  the  Management  Service  Agreement,  which  shall  be  settled  within  60  business  days following  the  end  date  of  the  preceding  financial  year.  The  service  fee  payable  by  Sino-TCM  under  the  Management Service  Agreement  is  subject  to  a  5%  year-on-year  increment  during  the  term  thereof.

Details  of  the  CCT  were  disclosed  in  the  announcement  of  the  Company  dated  4  January  2019.

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  of  the  Company  have  reviewed  the  CCT and  confirmed  that  the  Management  Service  Agreement  has  been  entered  into  in  the  ordinary  and  usual  course  of business  of  the  Group,  on  normal  commercial  terms  and  on  terms  that  are  fair  and  reasonable  and  in  the  interests  of the  Shareholders  as  a  whole.  There  was  no  transaction  during  the  year.  A  letter  from  the  auditors  of  the  Company has  been  received  by  the  Board  confirming  that  none  of  the  matters  mentioned  under  Rule  20.54  of  the  GEM  Listing Rules  arose  regarding  the  CCT  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022.

## CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO THE LICENSING AND MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT

On 4 July 2021, 深圳國科防偽科技有限公司 (transliterated  as  Shenzhen  Guoke  Anti-Counterfeit  Technology  Company Limited,  the  ' Licensee '),  a  direct  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  and 深圳細葉榕科技控股有限公司 Shenzhen Ficus Technology Holdings Ltd. (the ' Licensor ')  entered  into  a  licensing  and  master  service  agreement  (the ' CCT  Agreement ') in relation to the patents (the  ' Patents ') registered and held by the Licensor, being Anti-counterfeit  Packaging  Device  for  Products  ( 商品防偽⽤裝裝置 )  (registration  numbers:  ZL  2019  2  1449828.  X  in the  PRC)  and  Anti-counterfeit  Packaging  Device  for  Adhesive  Parts  ( 粘附件及其組件、防偽⽤裝裝置 )  (registration numbers: ZL 2019 2 1579150. 7 in the PRC).

Subject  to  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  CCT  Agreement,  the  Licensor  agreed  to  provide  the  following  services (collectively  the  ' Total  Solutions ')  to  the  Licensee  from  time  to  time  including  to:  (i)  grant  the  Licensee  during  the term of  the  CCT  Agreement,  an  exclusive  and  royalty-bearing  license  to  the  Patents  to  use,  sell,  and  offer  to  sell  the licensed  product  that  contains  the  imbedded  lottery  ticket  and  that  is  designed,  manufactured,  packaged  and delivered in accordance with the required specifications from the state-owned enterprise customers for the anti-counterfeit  purposes  of  the  state-owned  enterprise  customer's  commercial  products  (the  ' Device(s) ')  in  the  PRC (the  ' Licensing  Arrangement ');  and  (ii)  provide  services  in  relation  to  (a)  design,  production  arrangement,  material procurement  and  quality  control,  and  customisation  service  of  the  Devices  pursuant  to  the  specification  required  by the  Licensee  and  with  the  quality  satisfactory  to  the  Licensee  at  reasonable  costs  under  each  individual  purchase order,  and  (b)  design,  development  and  customization  of  the  online  anti-counterfeiting  information  verification platform  and  the  relevant  services  based  on  the  Licensor's  legal  rights  or  interests  that  exist  in  the  Patents  II  (the ' Licensed Patent Rights ')  (the  ' Total  Solution  Services ').

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

The  annual  caps  under  the  CCT  Agreement  for  each  of  the  three  years  ending  30  June  2024  respectively  are HK$8,300,000,  HK$8,800,000  and  HK$9,300,000  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  for  the  year  ending  30  June 2023  and  for  the  year  ending  30  June  2024.  The  CCT  Agreement  II  should  commence  on  the  business  day immediately  following  the  date  of  the  CCT  Agreement  and  shall,  unless  terminated  in  accordance  with  provisions  of clauses  of  the  CCT  Agreement,  continue  in  full  force  and  effect  until  30  June  2024.

As  consideration  for  the  licensing  of  the  Licensed  Patent  Rights  to  the  Licensee  under  the  Licensing  Arrangement  and for  the  provision  of  Total  Solution  Services,  the  Licensee  agrees  to  pay  the  Licensor  a  charge  of  18%  of  the  net  sale price  for  the  provision  of  the  Total  Solutions  for  each  Device.  It  does  not  include  the  cost  for  procurement  of  the lottery  ticket  imbedded  in  the  Device,  and  production  cost  associated  with  the  production,  transportation  and  delivery of  the  Devices  and  the  cost  associated  with  online  anti-counterfeiting  information  verification  platform  for  the  Devices based on the Licensed Patent Rights.

The  patented  and  innovative  Devices  for anti-counterfeit use include  the  unique  lottery  component  with  the characteristics  of  uniqueness  and  credibility  with  criminal  sanctions  for  counterfeiting  lottery  tickets.  The  Devices  are easily  recognized  by  the  consumers  and  welcomed  by  the  brand  owners  due  to  the  fact  that  the  lottery  system established  in  the  PRC  can  only  be  operated  by  the  government  and  therefore  are  highly  creditable.  As  at  4  July 2021,  the  Patents  have  been  registered  and  granted  legal  protection  in  three  regions  and  have  won  awards  and recognition  from  professional  judges  in  international  exhibitions.  The  Group  has  experience  in  welfare  and  sports lottery  industries  for  years.  In  the  past  two  years,  the  Group  has  focused  on  the  opportunities  in  the  growing anti-counterfeiting  market.  The  Group  is  actively  exploring  the  anti-counterfeiting  market  and  has  achieved  concrete results.  As  at  4  July  2021,  the  Group  has  contracted  with  three  brand  owners  in  the  tea  leaves,  natural  food  and cosmetics  e-commerce platform industries  for  the  application  of  the  Devices  on  the  brand  owners'  products  and  shall be  required  to  deliver  the  Devices  in  accordance  with  the  agreements  entered  into.  Therefore,  the  Group  is  under actual  demand  to  obtain  authorization  from  the  Licensor  for  the  use  of  the  Total  Solutions  and  the  Devices  to comply with the requirement of necessary approval for conducting the relevant business and support.

The  Licensor  was  currently  indirectly  owned  as  to  75%  by  Ms.  Woo,  Theresa,  the  spouse  of  Mr.  Chan  Ting,  the chairperson,  an  executive  director  and  chief  executive  officer  of  the  Company.  Accordingly,  the  Licensor  was  an associate  of  the  connected  person  of  the  Company.  As  such,  the  transactions  contemplated  under  the  CCT Agreement shall constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company (the ' CCT II ')  under  Chapter  20  of  the GEM Listing Rules.

Details  of  the  CCT  II  were  disclosed  in  the  announcement  of  the  Company  dated  5  July  2021.

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  of  the  Company  have  reviewed  the  CCT II  and  confirmed  that  the  CCT  Agreement  has  been  entered  into  in  the  ordinary  and  usual  course  of  business  of  the Group,  on  normal  commercial  terms  and  on  terms  that  are  fair  and  reasonable  and  in  the  interests  of  the Shareholders  as  a  whole.  There  was  no  transaction  during  the  year.  A  letter  from  the  auditors  of  the  Company  has been  received  by  the  Board  confirming  that  none  of  the  matters  mentioned  under  Rule  20.54  of  the  GEM  Listing Rules  arose  regarding  the  CCT  II  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

Save  as  disclosed  in  this  annual  report,  neither  the  Company  nor  any  of  its  subsidiaries  purchased,  sold  or  redeemed any  of  the  Shares  during  the  year  ended  30  June  2022.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO LOAN CAPITALISATION INVOLVING ISSUE OF NEW SHARES UNDER GENERAL MANDATE

On  8  June  2021  (after  trading  hours),  the  Company  and  each  of  Mr.  CHAN  Ting  (the  ' First  Subscriber '),  Madam CHEUNG Kwai Lan (the ' Second Subscriber ')  and  Ms.  NG  Pik  Yin  (the  ' Third  Subscriber ')  (the  ' Subscriber(s) '), each  a  connected  person,  entered  into  a  loan  capitalisation  agreement  (the  three  agreements  are  referred  to  as  the First  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement,  the  Second  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement  and  the  Third  Loan  Capitalisation Agreement, collectively  the  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreements)  pursuant  to  which  they  conditionally  agreed  to  subscribe for,  and  the  Company  conditionally  agreed  to  allot  and  issue,  an  aggregate  of  133,705,046  Shares  (the  ' Loan Capitalisation  Shares ') (the First Subscriber: 23,076,923 Loan Capitalisation Shares; the Second Subscriber: 89,166,585 Loan Capitalisation Shares; the Third Subscriber: 21,461,538 Loan Capitalisation Shares) at the subscription  price  of  HK$0.26  each  (the  ' LC  Subscription  Price ')  under  the  general  mandate  (the  ' General Mandate ')  granted  to  the  Directors  at  the  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  20  November  2020. The  subscription  amount  payable  by  the  First  Subscriber,  the  Second  Subscriber  and  the  Third  Subscriber  under  the First  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement,  the  Second  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement  and  the  Third  Loan  Capitalisation Agreement  respectively  shall  be  satisfied  by  capitalising  the  outstanding  principal  amount  under  the  loans  owing  by the  Company to the respective  Subscribers  (the  ' Loan Capitalisation ').

The  Directors  considered  that  the  Loan  Capitalisation  under  the  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreements  would  allow  the Company to settle the outstanding sums owing by the Company to the Subscribers without utilising existing financial resources  of  the  Group  while  reducing  the  gearing  level  and  hence  strengthening  the  financial  position  of  the  Group.

The aggregate nominal value of the 133,705,046 Loan Capitalisation Shares is HK$1,671,313.08. The net issue price, after  deduction  of  relevant  expenses,  is  estimated  to  be  approximately  HK$0.26  per  Loan  Capitalisation  Share.  The closing  price  per  Share  as  quoted  on  the  Stock  Exchange  on  8  June  2021,  being  the  date  of  the  Loan  Capitalisation Agreements was HK$0.26.

As  the  First  Subscriber  is  an  executive  Director,  the  chief  executive  officer  of  the  Company  and  a  director  of  Best Frontier  Investments  Limited  (a  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company);  the  Second  Subscriber  is  a  non-executive Director  of  the  Company  and  a  director  and  shareholder  of  Best  Frontier  Investments  Limited;  and  the  Third Subscriber  is  an  associate  of  a  director  of  the  Company's  subsidiary,  the  First  Subscriber,  the  Second  Subscriber  and the  Third  Subscriber  are  connected  persons  of  the  Company  under  The  GEM  Listing  Rules.  Therefore,  the  entering into  of  the  First  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement,  the  Second  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement  and  the  Third  Loan Capitalisation Agreement and the subscription contemplated respectively thereunder constituted a connected transaction  for  the  Company  and  is  subject  to  the  reporting,  announcement,  independent  financial  advice  and independent shareholders' approval requirements under Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing Rules.

For  each  of  the  First  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement,  the  Second  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement  and  the  Third  Loan Capitalisation  Agreement,  the  completion  is  conditional  upon  fulfillment  of  the  conditions  precedent  on  or  before  17 September 2021 (the ' Long Stop Date ')  (or  such  other  time  and  date  as  the  parties  shall  agree  in  writing)  none  of which  is  waivable.  The  Long  Stop  Date  was  extended  to  29  October  2021  by  the  parties  by  entering  into  a supplemental agreement dated 17 September 2021.

The First  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement,  the  Second  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement  and  the  Third  Loan  Capitalisation Agreement  and  the  subscription  contemplated  respectively  thereunder  were  approved  by  way  of  ordinary  resolutions by  the  Shareholders  at  the  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  11  October  2021.  All  the conditions  precedent  for  completion  of  the  Loan  Capitalisation  under  the  First  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement,  the Second  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement  and  the  Third  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement  respectively  have  been  fully fulfilled.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

Details  of  the  above  connected  transactions  were  disclosed  in  the  Company's  announcements  dated  8  June  2021,  24 June  2021  and  17  September  2021,  11  October  2021  and  the  circular  dated  23  September  2021.

On 20 October 2021, the Company allotted and issued a total number of 133,705,046 Loan Capitalisation Shares at the  LC  Subscription  Price  of  HK$0.26  per  Loan  Capitalisation  Share  to  the  First  Subscriber,  the  Second  Subscriber  and the  Third  Subscriber  under  the  General  Mandate  pursuant  to  the  First  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement,  the  Second Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement  and  the  Third  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement  respectively.  The  net  proceeds  of approximately  HK$34.8  million  from  the  allotment  and  issue  of  the  Loan  Capitalisation  Shares  has  been  utilized  as intended.

## ISSUE OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS

On  20  August  2021,  the  Company  and  each  of  the  two  subscribers,  namely  Expert  Global  Enterprises  Limited  (the ' First Subscriber ') and Japan Equity Value Investment Fund (the ' Second Subscriber ') (collectively, the ' Subscribers ')  entered  into  a  subscription  agreement  (the  two  agreements  were  separately  referred  to  as  the  ' First Subscription  Agreement ' and the  ' Second  Subscription  Agreement ' and collectively referred to as the ' Subscription  Agreements ')  in  relation  to  the  issuance  of  convertible  bonds  of  an  aggregate  principal  amount  of HK$100,000,000 with a term of 18 months (540 days) (the ' Convertible Bonds ')  from  the  issue  date.  The  principal amount  of  the  Convertible  Bonds  to  be  issued  to  each  of  the  two  Subscribers  was  HK$50,000,000.  The  Convertible Bonds will  bear  interest  at  the  rate  of  7%  per  annum,  interest  is  payable  semi-annually  in  arrears.

Assuming full conversion of the Convertible Bonds at the initial  conversion  price  of  HK$0.29  per  conversion  share,  the Convertible  Bonds  will  be  convertible  into  344,827,586  ordinary  Shares  (the  ' Conversion Share(s) ')  with  aggregate nominal  value  of  HK$4,310,344.83.  The  closing  price  per  Share  as  quoted  on  the  Stock  Exchange  on  20  August 2021,  being  the  date  of  the  Subscription  Agreements  was  HK$0.26.  The  Conversion  Shares  will  be  allotted  and issued  by  the  Company  pursuant  to  the  general  mandate  granted  to  the  Directors  at  the  annual  general  meeting  of the  Company held on 20 November 2020.

The Directors  considered  that  raising  funds  by  issuing  Convertible  Bonds  provided  an  opportunity  for  the  Company  to enhance  its  working  capital  and  strengthen  its  capital  base  and  financial  position.  The  Directors  considered  that  the issue  of  the  Convertible  Bonds  was  an  appropriate  means  of  raising  additional  capital  for  the  Company  since  it  will not  have  an  immediate  dilution  effect  on  the  shareholding  of  the  existing  Shareholders.

The  aggregate  gross  proceeds  from  the  issue  of  the  Convertible  Bonds  will  be  HK$100  million.  The  aggregate  net proceeds of approximately HK$100 million from the issue of the Convertible Bonds was intended to be applied as to (i)  approximately  HK$35  million  for  the  development  and  promotion  of  anti-counterfeiting  business  of  the  Group, including  but  not  limited  to  (a)  costs  of  anti-counterfeiting  device;  and  (b)  improving  nationwide  sales  capability  and expanding  marketing  network;  (ii)  approximately  HK$20  million  for  the  repayment  of  loans  and  other  payables;  and (iii)  the  remaining  of  the  net  proceeds  in  the  approximate  amount  of  HK$45  million  for  the  operating  cost  and general  working  capital  of  the  Company.  The  net  issue  price  for  each  Conversion  Share  is  approximately  HK$0.29.

Completion  of  the  First  Subscription  Agreement  and  the  Second  Subscription  Agreement  may  or  may  not  take  place on the same date/time and was not inter-conditional with each other.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

All  the  conditions  precedent  as  set  out  in  the  First  Subscription  Agreement  have  been  fulfilled  and  the  completion took  place  on  30  August  2021.  Upon  the  completion,  the  convertible  bonds  in  the  aggregate  principal  amount  of HK$50,000,000 (the  ' First  Convertible  Bonds ')  were  issued  to  the  First  Subscriber  (the  ' First  Subscription ').  The net  proceeds  from  the  First  Subscription,  after  deduction  of  expenses,  was  approximately  HK$50,000,000  which  was fully  utilized  as  to  HK$6.4  million  for  development  of  anti-counterfeiting  business;  HK$15.0  million  for  the  repayment of  debts;  and  HK$28.6  million  for  general  working  capital  of  the  Company.  The  change  of  the  use  of  proceeds  was due  to  the  impact  of  the  pandemic  of  Coronavirus  Disease  2019.  The  development  and  promotion  program  of anti-counterfeiting  business  has  been  delayed  and  appropriately  HK$11  million  which  was  intended  to  be  used  for development  of  anti-counterfeiting  business  was  actually  utilized  for  the  repayment  of  debts  and  general  working capital  of  the  Company  instead.

Details  of  the  above  transactions  were  disclosed  in  the  announcement  of  the  Company  dated  20  August  2021, 23 August 2021 and 30 August 2021.

As  the  conditions  precedent  set  out  in  the  Second  Subscription  Agreement  have  not  been  fully  fulfilled  (or  as  the case  may  be,  waived)  on  or  before  the  long  stop  date  on  19  October  2021,  the  subscription  contemplated  under  the Second Subscription Agreement have lapsed, determined and been of no further effect. No party shall be liable to the other  save  and  except  antecedent  breach  committed  before  the  termination  of  the  Second  Subscription  Agreement.

As  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  no  First  Convertible  Bonds  has  been  converted  into  the  Shares  by  the  First Subscriber  or  redeemed  by  the  Company.

## UPDATE ON THE GUARANTEED PROFIT REGARDING THE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE OF THE SUBSIDIARY ACQUIRED

On 4 January  2019,  Sinopharm  Tech  Corporate  Management  Limited  (formerly  known  as  China  Vanguard  Corporate Management  Limited)  (the  ' Purchaser '),  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  as  purchaser  and  Sinopharm Traditional  Chinese  Medicine  Overseas  Holdings  Limited  as  vendor  (the  ' Vendor II ')  entered  into  a  sale  and  purchase agreement (the ' Sale  and  Purchase Agreement '),  pursuant  to  which  the  Vendor  II  has  conditionally  agreed  to  sell, and  the  Purchaser  has  conditionally  agreed  to  acquire,  the  sale  shares  (the  ' Sale  Shares ')  in  Hero  Global  Holdings Limited  (the  ' Target  Company '),  which  represents  100%  of  the  equity  interest  in  the  Target  Company,  for  a consideration  of  HK$139.10  million,  which  will  be  settled  by  the  allotment  and  issue  of  650,000,000  Shares  (the ' Consideration  Shares ')  by  the  Company  to  the  Vendor  II  under  the  specific  mandate  at  the  issue  price  of HK$0.214 per consideration share. The completion of the sale and purchase of the Sale Shares took place on 6 May 2019 and the Target Company became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

Pursuant  to  the  Sale  and  Purchase  Agreement,  the  Consideration  Shares,  upon  the  allotment  and  issue,  will  be subject  to  lock-up  arrangement  and  held  by  the  Purchaser  in  accordance  with  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  Sale and Purchase Agreement. The Consideration Shares shall be released from the lock-up arrangement upon satisfaction of  the  Guaranteed  Profit  (as  defined  below)  by  the  Target  Company.  For  the  avoidance  of  doubt,  the  lock-up  period of  the  Consideration  Shares  shall  not  be  less  than  three  years  since  the  allotment  and  issue  thereof.

In  the  event  that  the  aggregate  Net  Profit  (as  defined  below)  does  not  meet  the  Guaranteed  Profit,  the  Consideration Shares  will  be  released  from  the  lock-up  arrangement  only  after  the  cash  compensation  is  made  by  the  Vendor  II  to the  Purchaser  in  accordance  with  the  Sale  and  Purchase  Agreement.  In  the  event  that  the  Vendor  II  fails  to compensate the Purchaser in accordance with the Sale and Purchase Agreement, the Purchaser shall have the right to sell  the  locked-up  Consideration  Shares  in  return  for  such  compensation  amount  in  cash.  There  was  no  such  option to  dispose  of  the  Sale  Shares  to  the  Vendor  II  in  accordance  with  the  Sale  and  Purchase  Agreement.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

Pursuant to the Sale and Purchase Agreement, the Vendor II guaranteed to the Purchaser that (i) the actual net profit after  taxation  of  the  Target  Company  (the  ' Net Profit ')  for  each  of  the  three  years  ended  31  December  2019,  2020 and  2021  shall  not  be  less  than  HK$23,000,000;  or  (ii)  the  aggregate  Net  Profit  for  the  three  years  ended  31 December  2019,  2020  and  2021  shall  not  be  less  than  HK$69,000,000  in  total  (the  ' Guaranteed  Profit ').  If  the aggregate  Net  Profit  for  the  three  years  ended  31  December  2019,  2020  and  2021  is  less  than  the  Guaranteed Profit,  the  Vendor  II  shall  compensate  the  Purchaser  the  shortfall  multiplied  by  a  compensation  factor  of  1.7  in  cash. The  Vendor  II  shall  settle  the  compensation  amount,  if  any,  within  30  business  days  following  the  issue  of  written confirmation  in  respect  of  the  shortfall  by  the  Purchaser  on  or  before  30  June  2022  with  reference  to  the  respective Net  Profits  for  each  of  the  three  years  as  mentioned  above.

Based  on  the  unaudited  management  accounts  of  the  Target  Company  prepared  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong Financial  Reporting  Standards,  the  Target  Company  recorded  net  profit  after  taxation  of  approximately  HK$10.5 million  and  HK$5.9  million  for  the  two  years  ended  31  December  2019  and  2020  respectively,  and  net  loss  after taxation  of  approximately  HK$2.0  million  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021.  The  aggregate  Net  Profit  for  the three years ended  31  December  2019,  2020  and  2021  was  approximately  HK$14.4  million and hence the Guaranteed  Profit  could  not  be  fulfilled.  Accordingly,  the  compensation  of  approximately  HK$92.8  million  (the ' Compensation '),  being  the  shortfall  of  the  Guaranteed  Profit  of  approximately  HK$54.6  million  multiplied  by  a compensation factor  of  1.7,  shall  be  payable  by  the  Vendor  II  within  30  business  days  following  the  issue  of  written confirmation  in  respect  of  the  shortfall  by  the  Purchaser  on  23  May  2022.

The  Target  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  has  been  engaged  in  (i)  provision  of  business  management  and  consulting services  (with  respect  to  Internet  Plus,  blockchain,  big  data  and  database  management,  etc.),  overseas  sourcing,  online trade,  technology  development  for  e-commerce  platforms  (including  payment,  membership  management  and  precision marketing),  technical  services;  and  (ii)  provision  of  internet  plus  supply  chain  services.  The  revenue  of  the  Target Company  has  been  decreasing  during  the  three  years  ended  31  December  2021  because  certain  online  platform supply  chain  business  contracts  have  not  been  renewed  and  provision  of  business  management  and  consulting services  to  Sino-TCM  was  suspended  due  to  the  outbreak  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic  in  the  PRC,  leading  to  the non-fulfilment  of  the  Guaranteed  Profit.

As at  23  May  2022,  the  Board  was  of  the  opinion  that  the  Vendor  II  has  not  fulfilled  its  obligations  in  relation  to  the Guaranteed  Profit  of  the  Sale  and  Purchase  Agreement.  On  23  May  2022,  the  Purchaser  and  the  Vendor  II  signed  a confirmation  letter  and  mutually  agreed  on  the  amount  of  the  Compensation  of  approximately  HK$92.8  million  and entered into a settlement agreement in relation to the settlement arrangement of the Compensation (the ' Settlement Agreement ').

Pursuant to  the  Settlement  Agreement,  the  Compensation  will  be  settled  by  24  instalments,  which  will  be  payable  on the  15th  and  the  last  day  of  each  month  commencing  on  15  July  2022  and  ending  on  30  June  2023.  The  minimum payment  amount  of  each  instalment  is  HK$3,869,028.  If  the  Vendor  II  fails  to  pay  the  minimum  compensation amount in any one of the instalments, the Purchaser has the right to request settlement of the remaining amount of the  Compensation from the Vendor II immediately.

The  Vendor  II  failed  to  settle  the  first  installment  of  the  Compensation  on  15  July  2022.  Even  the  Purchaser  issued the  Vendor  II  a  written  request  of  settlement  on  18  July  2022,  the  Vendor  II  still  failed  to  do  the  same  on  31  July 2022  which  was  the  scheduled  settlement  date  for  the  second  installment  of  the  Compensation.  In  accordance  with the  Sale  and  Purchase  Agreement,  the  Purchaser  shall  have  the  right  to  sell  the  locked-up  Consideration  Shares  in return for such Compensation  amount  in  cash. The Purchaser will exercise the right to sell the locked-up Consideration  Shares  and  seek  subscriber(s)  who  is/are  third  party(ies)  independent  of  and  not  connected  with  the Company  and  any  of  its  connected  persons  within  the  meaning  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules,  to  subscribe  for  the locked-up Consideration Shares. Up to the date of this  report,  the  Company  exercised  the  right  and  sold  232  million locked-up  Consideration  Shares  in  return  for  the  compensation  of  approximately  HK$9.8  million.

## UPDATE ON THE GUARANTEED PROFIT REGARDING THE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE OF THE ASSOCIATE ACQUIRED

On  12  December  2019  (after  trading  hours),  Sinopharm  Tech  Corporate  Management  Limited  (formerly  known  as China Vanguard Corporate Management Limited) (the ' Purchaser II ')  and  Ms.  Choi  Man  Yun,  Marian  (' Ms. Choi '), Ms.  Kong  Lai  Ying  (' Ms.  Kong '),  Mr.  Lau  Chi  Wing  James  (' Mr.  Lau ')  and  Mr.  Cheung  Wan  Yu  (' Mr.  Cheung ') (collectively  the  ' Vendors ')  entered  into  a  sale  and  purchase  agreement  (the  ' Sale  and  Purchase  Agreement  II '), pursuant  to  which  the  Vendors  have  conditionally  agreed  to  sell,  and  the  Purchaser  II  has  conditionally  agreed  to acquire,  the  sale  shares  (the  ' Sale  Shares  II ')  in  Ever  Development  Holdings  Limited  (the  ' Target  Company  II '), which represents 40% of the equity interests in the Target Company II, for a consideration of HK$41.6 million, which will  be  settled  by  the  allotment  and  issue  of  180,869,565  Shares  (the  ' Consideration Share(s) ')  by  the  Company  to the  Vendors  under  the  general  mandate  granted  to  the  Directors  at  the  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held on  20  November  2019  at  the  issue  price  of  HK$0.23  per  Consideration  Share  (the  ' Acquisition ').  The  Target Company II provides one-stop comprehensive medical and health services. The completion of the sale and purchase of the  Sale  Shares  II  took  place  on  3  June  2020  and  the  Target  Company  II  became  an  associate  of  the  Company.

Pursuant  to  the  Sale  and  Purchase  Agreement  II,  the  Vendors  will  guarantee  and  undertake  to  the  Purchaser  II  that the  audited  net  profit  after  taxation  of  each  year  ended  31  December  2020  and  31  December  2021  shall  not  be  less than  HK$13,000,000  or  the  audited  net  profit  after  taxation  shall  in  aggregate  be  not  less  than  HK$26,000,000  for the  two  years  ended  31  December  2021  (the  ' Profit  Guarantee ').  If  the  Vendors  cannot  achieve  the  Profit Guarantee,  the  Vendors  agreed  to  make  a  compensation  to  the  Purchaser  II  by  cash  payment.  The  maximum compensation obligation of each Vendor shall be equivalent to HK$24,960,000, multiplied by the original shareholding  of  such  Vendor  in  the  Target  Company  II  as  at  12  December  2019  and  immediately  before  the completion of the Acquisition  (the  ' Original  Shareholding ').

If  the  Target  Company  II  achieves  an  audited  net  profit  after  taxation  of  HK$15,000,000  or  above  for  the  year  ended 31  December  2020,  the  Purchaser  II  will  grant  a  performance  award,  to  be  settled  by  the  allotment  and  issue  of additional  consideration  shares  by  the  Company  to  the  Vendors.  Such  award  is  an  one-off  award,  and  each  of  the Vendors shall  receive  his  or  her  award  in  proportion  to  their  respective  Original  Shareholding.  The  performance  award shall  be  determined  as  that  (i)  if  the  audited  net  profit  after  taxation  is  between  HK$15,000,000  (inclusive)  and HK$17,000,000, the  award  shall  be  HK$6,400,000,  calculated  as  the  over-achievement  of  HK$2,000,000*8*40%;  or (ii)  if  the  audited  net  profit  after  taxation  is  or  more  than  HK$17,000,000,  the  award  shall  be  HK$12,800,000, calculated  as  the  over-achievement  of  HK$4,000,000*8*40%.  The  maximum  number  of  the  additional  consideration shares  to  be  allotted  and  issued  to  the  Vendors  is  55,652,174  Shares  (the  ' Additional Consideration Shares ').

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2020,  the  Target  Company  II  has  fulfilled  the  Profit  Guarantee  and  is  entitled  to  the performance award. The audited net profit  after  taxation  of  the  Target  Company  II  for  the  year  ended  31  December 2020  was  HK$18,951,234,  which  was  more  than  HK$17,000,000  and  the  award  shall  be  HK$12,800,000.  The  total number of the Additional Consideration Shares to be allotted and issued to the Vendors shall be 55,652,174 Shares. On 29 April 2021, the Company allotted and issued a total number of 55,652,174 Additional Consideration Shares to the  Vendors  at  the  issue  price  of  HK$0.23  per  Additional  Consideration  Share  under  the  general  mandate  granted  to the  Directors  at  the  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  20  November  2019.  In  proportion  to  the number of  the  Sale  Shares  II  transferred  by  each  of  the  Vendors  to  the  Purchaser  II,  37,008,696  Shares,  10,573,913 Shares,  5,286,956  Shares  and  2,782,609  Shares  were  respectively  allotted  and  issued  to  Ms.  Choi,  Ms.  Kong,  Mr.  Lau and Mr. Cheung as the Additional Consideration Shares.

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2021,  the  Target  Company  II  has  fulfilled  the  Profit  Guarantee.  The  audited  net profit  after  taxation  of  the  Target  Company  II  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021  was  HK$7,831,470.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS

The Directors  during  the  year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  annual  report  comprised:

## Executive Directors

Mr.  CHAU Wai Wah Fred (re-designated on 1 August 2022)

Mr.  HO  Kam Kin (appointed  on  5  September  2022)

Mr.  KWOK Shuk Yi (appointed on 5 September 2022)

Mr.  LIAO  Zhe (resigned  on  5  September  2022)

Mr.  CHEUK Ka Chun Kevin (resigned on 5 September 2022)

Mr.  CHAN Ting (resigned on 1 August 2022)

## Non-executive Directors

Dr.  CHENG Yanjie Madam CHEUNG Kwai Lan (resigned on 1 August 2022)

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr.  LAU  Fai  Lawrence

Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei

Mr.  LAM Kit  Sun (appointed  on  1  August  2022)

In  accordance  with  Article  99  of  the  Articles  of  Association,  Mr.  HO  Kam  Kin,  Ms.  KWOK  Shuk  Yi  and  Mr.  LAM  Kit Sun  shall  hold  office  only  until  the  next  following  general  meeting  of  the  Company  (in  the  case  of  filling  a  casual vacancy)  and  will  retire  and,  being  eligible,  offer  themselves  for  re-election  at  the  forthcoming  annual  general meeting of the Company (the ' AGM ').

In  accordance  with  Article  116  of  the  Articles  of  Association,  Dr.  CHENG  Yanjie  and  Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei  will  retire  from office  by  rotation  and,  being  eligible,  offer  themselves  for  re-election  at  the  AGM.

The  Company  has  received  from  each  of  the  INEDs,  an  annual  confirmation  of  his  independence  pursuant  to  Rule 5.09  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules.  The  Company  considers  all  the  INEDs  to  be  independent.

## UPDATE ON DIRECTORS' INFORMATION PURSUANT TO RULE 17.50A(1) OF THE GEM LISTING RULES

In  accordance  with  Rule  17.50A(1)  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules,  the  changes  in  information  of  the  Directors  for  the  year ended 30 June 2022 and up to the date of this annual report are set out below:

The  director's  fee  of  all  the  existing  Directors  shall  be  adjusted  to  HK$5,000  per  month  with  effect  from  1  August 2022  which  were  determined  by  the  Board  based  on  recommendation  of  the  remuneration  committee  of  the Company  and  with  reference  to  the  director's  relevant  roles,  duties  and  responsibilities  in  the  Company,  the prevailing  market  conditions  and  the  Company's  performance.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  there  was  no  change  in  information  of  the  Directors  required  to  be  disclosed  for  the  year ended 30 June 2022 and up to the date of this annual report.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Pursuant  to  the  Articles  of  Association,  every  Director,  auditors  or  other  officers  of  the  Company  shall  be  entitled  to be  indemnified  out  of  the  assets  of  the  Company  against  all  losses  or  liabilities  which  he  may  sustain  or  incur  about the  execution  and  discharge  of  his  duties  or  in  relation  thereto.  The  Company  has  arranged  appropriate  Directors' and officers'  liability  insurance  coverage  for  the  Directors  and  officers  of  the  Company  during  the  year.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

All  the  Directors  have  not  entered  into  any  service  contracts  with  the  Company  but  are  subject  to  retirement  by rotation  and  re-election  at  the  annual  general  meetings  of  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  Articles  of Association.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save  as  disclosed  in  the  paragraphs  headed  'Connected  Transactions  in  relation  to  Loan  Capitalisation  involving  Issue of  New  Shares  under  General  Mandate'  on  page  29,  no  contracts  of  significance  to  which  the  Company  or  its subsidiaries  was  a  party  and  in  which  a  Director  had  a  material  interest,  whether  directly  or  indirectly,  subsisted  at  the end of the year  or  at  any  time  during  the  year.

## COMPETING INTERESTS

None  of  the  Directors,  the  substantial  shareholders  or  the  controlling  shareholder  of  the  Company  or  any  of  their respective  close  associates  (as  defined  under  the  GEM  Listing  Rules)  has  any  interest  in  any  business  which  competes or  is  likely  to  compete,  directly  or  indirectly,  with  the  business  of  the  Group.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts  concerning  the  management  and  administration  of  the  whole  or  any  substantial  part  of  the  business  of the  Company were entered into or existed during the year.

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY ASSOCIATED CORPORATION

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  interests  and  short  positions  of  the  Directors  and  chief  executive  in  the  ordinary  share(s)  of HK$0.0125 each  of  the  Company  (the  ' Share(s) '),  underlying  Shares  and  debentures  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its associated  corporations  (within  the  meaning  of  Part  XV  of  the  Securities  and  Futures  Ordinance  (the  ' SFO ')),  which were  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  pursuant  to  Divisions  7  and  8  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO (including  interests  or  short  positions  which  they  were  taken  or  deemed  to  have  under  such  provisions  of  the  SFO), or  which  were  required,  pursuant  to  Section  352  of  the  SFO,  to  be  entered  into  the  register  referred  to  therein,  or which  were  required,  pursuant  to  Rules  5.46  to  5.67  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  relating  to  securities  transactions  by the  Directors,  to  be  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange,  were  as  follows:

## Long Positions in the Shares of the Company or Any of its Associated Corporation

| Number of Shares Held  Name of Directors  The Company/  Name of Associated  Corporation  Interest  in  Controlled  Corporation  Personal  Interest  (ordinary  shares)  Personal  Interest  (underlying  shares)  (Note  2)  Interest  of  Spouse  Total  Interest  Approximate  Percentage of  Shareholding  Madam CHEUNG Kwai Lan  ('  Madam CHEUNG  ') (Note  1)  (resigned  on  1  August  2022)  The Company  697,364,364  4,656,000  4,000,000  3,020,000  709,040,364  15.63%  Madam CHEUNG  (resigned  on  1  August  2022)  Best  Frontier  Investments  Limited  ('  Best  Frontier  ') (Note  1)  -  909  -  1  910  -  Mr.  CHAN Ting  (resigned  on  1  August  2022)  The Company  -  -  4,000,000  -  4,000,000  0.09%  Mr.  LIAO  Zhe  (resigned  on  5  September  2022)  The Company  -  -  2,300,000  -  2,300,000  0.05%  Mr.  CHEUK Ka Chun Kevin  (resigned  on  5  September  2022)  The Company  -  178,000  20,555,000  -  20,733,000  0.46%  Dr.  CHENG Yanjie  The Company  -  1,965,000  3,600,000  -  5,565,000  0.12%  Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei  The Company  -  -  3,600,000  -  3,600,000  0.08%  Mr.  CHAU Wai Wah Fred  The Company  -  3,800,000  3,600,000  -  7,400,000  0.16%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. The 697,364,364 Shares were owned by Best Frontier which was owned as to 99.89% and 0.11% by Madam CHEUNG and Mr.  CHAN Tung Mei (' Mr. CHAN ')  respectively.  In  addition,  Madam  CHEUNG  and  Mr.  CHAN  directly  held  4,656,000  Shares and  3,020,000  Shares  respectively.  Madam  CHEUNG  is  the  spouse  of  Mr.  CHAN  so  both  of  them  were  deemed  to  be interested  in  the  Shares.  An  interest  in  697,364,364  Shares  as  security  was  provided  by  Best  Frontier  to  Integrated  Asset Management (Asia) Limited on 8 April 2022.
2. These share options were granted by the Company on 7 January 2020 under the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 31 January 2013.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

Save  as  disclosed  above,  as  at  30  June  2022,  none  of  the  Directors  and  chief  executive  of  the  Company  had  or  was deemed to have any interests or short positions  in  any  Shares,  underlying  Shares  or  debentures  of  the  Company  and its  associated  corporation  (within  the  meaning  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO)  that  were  required  to  be  notified  to  the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to  Division  7  and  8  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO  (including  interests  and  short positions  which  they  were  taken  or  deemed  to  have  under  such  provisions  of  the  SFO)  or  which  were  required, pursuant  to  Section  352  of  the  SFO,  to  be  entered  into  the  register  referred  to  therein  or  which  were  required, pursuant  to  Rules  5.46  to  5.67  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  relating  to  securities  transactions  by  the  Directors,  to  be notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange.

## ARRANGEMENT TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save  as  disclosed  in  the  paragraphs  headed  'Directors'  and  Chief  Executive's  Interests  and  Short  Positions  in  Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company  or  any  Associated Corporation'  above  and  'Connected Transactions  in  relation  to  Loan  Capitalisation  involving  Issue  of  New  Shares  under  General  Mandate'  on  page  29,  at no time during the year was the Company or any of its holding companies, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to  any  arrangements  to  enable  the  Directors  and  chief  executive  of  the  Company  to  acquire  benefits  by  means  of acquisition  of  the  Shares  in,  or  debentures  of,  the  Company  or  any  body  corporate,  and  none  of  the  Directors  and chief  executive  or  their  spouses  or  children  under  the  age  of  18  had  any  right  to  subscribe  for  the  securities  of  the Company, or had exercised any such right during the year.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As  at  30  June  2022,  according  to  the  register  kept  by  the  Company  pursuant  to  Section  336  of  the  SFO,  and  so  far as  was  known  to  any  Directors  or  chief  executive  of  the  Company,  the  following  persons  (other  than  the  Directors  or chief  executive  of  the  Company)  had,  or  were  deemed  or  taken  to  have,  interests  or  short  positions  in  the  Shares and  underlying  Shares  of  the  Company  which  would  fall  to  be  disclosed  to  the  Company  under  the  provisions  of Divisions  2  and  3  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO,  as  follows:

## Long Positions in the Shares

| Name of Shareholders  Capacity  Number of issued  Shares Held  Approximate  Percentage of the  Shareholding  Best  Frontier  &amp;  its  concert  parties (Note  1)  Beneficial  Owner  709,040,364  15.63%  Sinopharm Traditional  Chinese  Medicine  Overseas  Holdings  Limited (Note  2)  Beneficial  Owner  650,000,000  14.32%  Integrated  Asset  Management  (Asia)  Limited  ('  Integrated Asset  ')  &amp;  its  concert  parties  (Note  3)  Beneficial  Owner  542,363,000  11.95%  Mr.  Tse  Siu  Hoi  Beneficial  Owner  310,650,000  6.85%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. 697,364,364 Shares were owned by Best Frontier which was owned as to 99.89% and 0.11% by Madam CHEUNG and Mr. CHAN  respectively.  In  addition,  Madam  CHEUNG  and  Mr.  CHAN  directly  held  4,656,000  Shares  and  3,020,000  Shares respectively.  Madam  CHEUNG  is  the  spouse  of  Mr.  CHAN  so  both  of  them  were  deemed  to  be  interested  in  the  Shares. Madam CHEUNG was granted 4,000,000 share options  by  the  Company  on  7  January  2020  under  the  share  option  scheme adopted  by  the  Company  on  31  January  2013.  An  interest  in  697,364,364  Shares  as  security  was  provided  by  Best  Frontier to  Integrated  Asset  on  8  April  2022.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

2. The 650,000,000 Shares were held by Main Key Investments Limited which was wholly-owned by Mr. Guo Lei.
3. The  542,363,000  Shares  were  owned  by  Integrated  Asset  which  was  wholly-owned  by  Mr.  YAM  Tak  Cheung.  8%  coupon convertible  bonds  in  aggregate  amount  of  HK$89,625,000  (the  ' CBs ')  for  a  term  of  six  months  maturing  on  17  July  2017 were  issued  to  Integrated  Asset  pursuant  to  the  first  amendment  agreement  dated  18  January  2017  approved  by  the Shareholders at  the  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  29  March  2017.  The  Company  received  a  written consent  from  Integrated  Asset,  on  which  the  maturity  date  of  the  CBs  would  be  extended  for  further  six  months  to  17 January  2018.  A  maximum number of 249,651,810 Shares would be allotted and issued to Integrated Asset upon conversion of  the  CBs  in  full.  The  amended  conversion  price  was  HK$0.359  per  conversion  share  subject  to  adjustment.

Pursuant  to  the  second  amendment  agreement  approved  by  the  Shareholders  at  the  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  the Company held on 18 April 2018, the amendments were that the maturity date of the CBs was extended for six months from 17  January  2018  to  17  July  2018,  and  further  extended  to  17  January  2019  upon  a  prior  written  consent  from  Integrated Asset.  Such  written  consent  from  Integrated  Asset  has  been  received  by  the  Company.  A  maximum  number  of  249,651,810 Shares  would  be  allotted  and  issued  to  Integrated  Asset  upon  conversion  of  the  CBs  in  full.

Pursuant  to  the  third  amendment  agreement  approved  by  the  Shareholders  at  the  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  the Company  held  on  19  March  2019,  the  amendments  were  that  the  maturity  date  of  the  CBs  was  extended  for  six  months from  17  January  2019  to  17  July  2019,  and  further  extended  to  17  January  2020  upon  a  prior  written  consent  from Integrated  Asset.  Such  written  consent  from  Integrated  Asset  has  been  received  by  the  Company.  A  maximum  number  of 249,651,810 Shares would be allotted and issued to Integrated Asset upon conversion of the CBs in full.

As  a  result  of  the  adjustments  of  the  CBs  on  10  May  2019  upon  the  allotment  and  issue  of  the  consideration  shares  to Sinopharm  Traditional  Chinese  Medicine  Overseas  Holdings  Limited,  a  maximum  number  of  263,602,941  Shares  would  be allotted  and  issued  to  Integrated  Asset  upon  conversion  of  the  CBs  in  full.  The  adjusted  conversion  price  is  HK$0.34  per conversion  share  subject  to  further  adjustment.

Pursuant  to  the  fourth  amendment  agreement  approved  by  the  Shareholders  at  the  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  the Company  held  on  25  March  2020,  the  amendments  were  that  the  maturity  date  of  the  CBs  was  extended  for  six  months from  17  January  2020  to  17  July  2020,  and  further  extended  to  17  January  2021  upon  a  prior  written  consent  from Integrated  Asset.  Such  written  consent  from  Integrated  Asset  has  been  received  by  the  Company.  A  maximum  number  of 263,602,941 Shares would be allotted and issued to Integrated Asset upon conversion of the CBs in full.

Pursuant  to  the  fifth  amendment  agreement  approved  by  the  Shareholders  at  the  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  the Company held on 22 March 2021, the Company amended some principal terms of the CBs, including to extend the maturity date  of  the  CBs  for  one  year  from  17  January  2021  to  17  January  2022.  Its  conversion  price  shall  be  amended  from HK$0.34  to  HK$0.221  per  conversion  share  (subject  to  adjustment),  which  can  be  converted  into  the  maximum  number  of 405,542,986  Shares.  The  interest  rate  of  the  CBs  shall  be  increased  to  10%  per  annum  and  paid  annually  (the  ' Fifth Amendments ').  Save  for  the  Fifth  Amendments,  all  other  terms  and  conditions  of  the  CBs  shall  remain  unchanged.

The  bondholder  has  not  exercised  any  of  its  conversion  right  for  the  Company's  shares  and  has  no  conversion  right  of  the CBs which have been matured since 17 January 2022. Therefore, the CBs have not been convertible since then.

As  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  Company  has  not  received  any  notice  of  event  of  default  from  the  bondholder demanding immediate repayment. The Company is still in the progress of negotiating with the bondholder for the renewal of or further extension on the CBs and will disclose further developments on the above matters by way  of further announcement(s) in a timely manner in accordance with regulatory requirements.

Save as disclosed  above,  as  at  30  June  2022,  the  Directors  or  chief  executive  of  the  Company  were  not  aware  of  any person (other  than  a  Director  or  chief  executive  of  the  Company)  who  had  an  interest  or  short  position  in  the  Shares or  underlying  Shares  of  the  Company  which  would  fall  to  be  disclosed  to  the  Company  under  the  provisions  of Division  2  and  3  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO,  or  which  was  recorded  in  the  register  required  to  be  kept  by  the  Company under Section  336  of  the  SFO.

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The  Company adopted a share option scheme (the ' Old Share Option Scheme ')  on  31  January  2013  under  which the  Board  may,  at  its  discretion,  invite  eligible  persons  to  take  up  share  options  to  subscribe  for  the  Shares.  The purpose  of  the  Old  Share  Option  Scheme  is  to  enable  the  Company  to  grant  share  options  to  selected  eligible persons  as  incentives  or  rewards  for  their  contribution  to  the  Group.  Eligible  persons  shall  include  any  employee,  any Director  (including  executive,  non-executive  and  independent  non-executive  Directors)  and  any  consultant  of  the Company  or  of  any  subsidiary  of  the  Company  or  such  other  persons  who,  at  the  sole  determination  of  the  Board, have contributed to the Group at the time when an option is granted to such persons. The Old Share Option Scheme will  remain  valid  for  a  period  of  10  years  commencing  from  the  date  of  its  adoption.  The  share  options  must  be taken  up  within  21  days  from  the  date  on  which  the  offer  letter  is  delivered  to  the  grantee  for  acceptance  of  the offer.  The  Old  Share  Option  Scheme  was  terminated  on  9  June  2021.

The Company adopted a new share option scheme (the ' New Share Option Scheme ')  on  9  June  2021  under  which the  Board  may,  at  its  discretion,  invite  eligible  persons  to  take  up  share  options  to  subscribe  for  the  Shares.  The purpose  of  the  New  Share  Option  Scheme  is  to  enable  the  Group  to  grant  the  share  options  to  selected  eligible persons  (the  ' Eligible  Persons ')  as  incentives  or  rewards  for  their  contribution  to  the  Group.  The  New  Share  Option Scheme will provide the Eligible  Persons  with  an  opportunity  to  acquire  proprietary  interests  in  the  Company  with  the view  to achieving the following principal objectives: (i) motivate  the Eligible Persons (in case of the Eligible Employees,  as  defined  below)  to  optimise  their  performance  and  efficiency  for  the  benefit  of  the  Group;  (ii)  attract and  retain  or  otherwise  maintain  ongoing  business  relationship  with  the  Eligible  Persons  (in  case  of  the  Eligible Consultants,  as  defined  below)  whose  contributions  are,  will  be  or  are  expected  to  be  beneficial  to  the  Group;  and (iii)  align  the  interests  of  the  Eligible  Persons  with  the  Shareholders.  Eligible  persons  shall  include  any  employee  and any  Director  (including  executive,  non-executive  and  independent  non-executive  Directors)  (both  collectively,  the ' Eligible  Employee(s) ')  and  any  consultant  (both  collectively,  the  ' Eligible  Consultant(s) ')  of  the  Company  or  of any  subsidiary  of  the  Company  or  such  other  persons  who,  at  the  sole  determination  of  the  Board,  have  contributed to  the  Group  at  the  time  when  an  option  is  granted  to  such  persons.  The  New  Share  Option  Scheme  will  remain valid  for  a  period  of  10  years  commencing  from  the  date  of  its  adoption.  The  share  options  must  be  taken  up  within 21 days from the date on which the offer letter is  delivered  to  the  grantee  for  acceptance  of  the  offer.  357,537,680 Shares  are  available  for  issue  under  the  New  Share  Option  Scheme,  representing  approximately  7.88%  of  the  issued Shares  as  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report.

Details  of  the  Old  Share  Option  Scheme  and  the  New  Share  Option  Scheme  adopted  by  the  Company  are  set  out  in Note 41 to the Consolidated Financial  Statements.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

The details  of  the  movements  in  share  options  under  the  Old  Share  Option  Scheme  during  the  year  were  as  follows:

| Number of Share Options  Name/Category of  Participants  Grant Date  Exercise  Price  per Share  (HK$)  Vesting Period  Exercise  Period  As at  1  July  2021  Granted  Exercised  Cancelled  Lapsed  As at  30 June  2022  Directors  Madam CHEUNG Kwai Lan  (resigned  on  1  August  2022)  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-31/05/2020  01/06/2020-31/12/2022  1,200,000  -  -  -  -  1,200,000  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-28/02/2021  01/03/2021-31/12/2022  1,200,000  -  -  -  -  1,200,000  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-30/11/2021  01/12/2021-31/12/2022  1,600,000  -  -  -  -  1,600,000  Mr.  CHAN Ting  (resigned  on  1  August  2022)  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-31/05/2020  01/06/2020-31/12/2022  1,200,000  -  -  -  -  1,200,000  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-28/02/2021  01/03/2021-31/12/2022  1,200,000  -  -  -  -  1,200,000  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-30/11/2021  01/12/2021-31/12/2022  1,600,000  -  -  -  -  1,600,000  Mr.  CHEUK Ka Chun Kevin  (resigned  on  5  September  2022)  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-31/05/2020  01/06/2020-31/12/2022  6,166,500  -  -  -  -  6,166,500  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-28/02/2021  01/03/2021-31/12/2022  6,166,500  -  -  -  -  6,166,500  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-30/11/2021  01/12/2021-31/12/2022  8,222,000  -  -  -  -  8,222,000  Mr.  LIAO  Zhe  (resigned  on  5  September  2022)  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-31/05/2020  01/06/2020-31/12/2022  690,000  -  -  -  -  690,000  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-28/02/2021  01/03/2021-31/12/2022  690,000  -  -  -  -  690,000  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-30/11/2021  01/12/2021-31/12/2022  920,000  -  -  -  -  920,000  Dr.  CHENG Yanjie  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-31/05/2020  01/06/2020-31/12/2022  1,080,000  -  -  -  -  1,080,000  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-28/02/2021  01/03/2021-31/12/2022  1,080,000  -  -  -  -  1,080,000  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-30/11/2021  01/12/2021-31/12/2022  1,440,000  -  -  -  -  1,440,000  Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-31/05/2020  01/06/2020-31/12/2022  1,080,000  -  -  -  -  1,080,000  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-28/02/2021  01/03/2021-31/12/2022  1,080,000  -  -  -  -  1,080,000  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-30/11/2021  01/12/2021-31/12/2022  1,440,000  -  -  -  -  1,440,000  Mr.  CHAU Wai Wah Fred  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-31/05/2020  01/06/2020-31/12/2022  1,080,000  -  -  -  -  1,080,000  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-28/02/2021  01/03/2021-31/12/2022  1,080,000  -  -  -  -  1,080,000  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-30/11/2021  01/12/2021-31/12/2022  1,440,000  -  -  -  -  1,440,000  Directors'  Associates  Ms. CHAN Siu Sarah  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-31/05/2020  01/06/2020-31/12/2022  1,080,000  -  -  -  -  1,080,000  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-28/02/2021  01/03/2021-31/12/2022  1,080,000  -  -  -  -  1,080,000  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-30/11/2021  01/12/2021-31/12/2022  1,440,000  -  -  -  -  1,440,000  Sub-total  45,255,000  -  -  -  -  45,255,000  Employees  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-31/05/2020  01/06/2020-31/12/2022  13,108,500  -  -  -  270,000  12,838,500  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-28/02/2021  01/03/2021-31/12/2022  13,108,500  -  -  -  270,000  12,838,500  07/01/2020  0.33  07/01/2020-30/11/2021  01/12/2021-31/12/2022  17,478,000  -  -  -  360,000  17,118,000  Sub-total  43,695,000  -  -  -  900,000  42,795,000  Other eligible participants  (Note)  14/08/2019  0.33  14/08/2019-31/12/2019  01/01/2020-31/12/2022  11,600,000  -  -  -  -  11,600,000  14/08/2019  0.33  14/08/2019-31/05/2020  01/06/2020-31/12/2022  18,540,000  -  -  -  -  18,540,000  14/08/2019  0.33  14/08/2019-31/08/2020  01/09/2020-31/12/2022  8,700,000  -  -  -  -  8,700,000  14/08/2019  0.33  14/08/2019-28/02/2021  01/03/2021-31/12/2022  18,540,000  -  -  -  -  18,540,000  14/08/2019  0.33  14/08/2019-30/04/2021  01/05/2021-31/12/2022  8,700,000  -  -  -  -  8,700,000  14/08/2019  0.33  14/08/2019-30/11/2021  01/12/2021-31/12/2022  24,720,000  -  -  -  -  24,720,000  Sub-total  90,800,000  -  -  -  -  90,800,000  Total  179,750,000  -  -  -  900,000  178,850,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

Other  eligible  participants  include  certain  consultants  of  the  Group.  The  90,800,000  outstanding  share  options  were  granted  on  14 August  2019  and  accepted  by  13  eligible  consultants.  To  the  best  of  the  Directors'  knowledge,  information  and  belief,  the  details of  these  13  eligible  consultants,  namely  from  Consultant  A  to  Consultant  M,  all  of  whose  relationships  with  the  Company  are recurring  during  their  option  period,  are  as  follows:

Consultant  A  was  an  ex-government  official  from  Ministry  of  Civil  Affairs  and  has  extensive  connections  and  resources  with  stateowned  enterprises  (the  ' SOE ')  and  government.  The  Company  considered  that  Consultant  A  will  be  responsible  for  lining  up  the cooperation  with  Zhong  Wei  Hua  Xin  Fund  Management  Co.,  Ltd  and  China  Tobacco  in  non-tobacco  business  and  the  business related  advisory.  8,000,000  share  options  were  granted  to  Consultant  A.

Consultant  B  is  veteran  in  China  sport  lottery  and  China  sport  industries  and  has  extensive  connections  and  resources  in  sport industry  and  experience  in  sport  lottery.  The  Company  considered  that  Consultant  B  will  be  responsible  for  lining  up  the cooperation  with  Beijing  Sport  University  and  cooperation  with  Sport  Lottery  Centres.  8,000,000  share  options  were  granted  to Consultant  B.

Consultant  C  is  the  head  of  village  in  northern  part  of  Hong  Kong  and  business  advisor  for  one  of  the  largest  chain  operation pharmaceutical  companies  in  Hong  Kong.  The  Company  considered  that  Consultant  C  will  be  responsible  for  the  planning,  basic infrastructure installation and  procuring sales channel  for traditional Chinese  medicine  for the traditional  Chinese  medicine plantation  base  in  southern  part  of  China.  13,000,000  share  options  were  granted  to  Consultant  C.

## E-commerce business - JD.com

Consultant  D  has  extensive  connections  and  relationship  with  JD.com.  Based  on  the  contribution  in  the  business  with  JD.com  and maintaining the relationship  with  JD.com,  the  Company  considered  that  Consultant  D  will  provide  the  advice  to  the  business  and  all necessary  assistance  in  relation  to  the  contract.  4,900,000  share  options  were  granted  to  Consultant  D.

## Acquisition for Sinopharm Health Cross Border E-Commerce Company Limited and comprehensive healthcare platform

Consultant  E  is  veteran  in  SOE,  has  been  holding  senior  position  in  SOE  for  over  20  years,  and  is  experienced  in  merger  and acquisition,  strategic  planning  and  coordination,  business  development  and  SOE  operation  and  approval  process.  Based  on  the contribution  in  successful  coordination  and  preparation  to  assist  in  going  through  all  the  necessary  approval  process  with  China National  Pharmaceutical  Group  to  get  their  approval  on  the  acquisition  transaction  of  Sinopharm  Health  Cross  Border  E-Commerce Company Limited, the Company considered that Consultant E will provide the advice to the business and all necessary assistance in relation  to  the  contract.  4,000,000  share  options  were  granted  to  Consultant  E.

Consultant F has extensive connection and  experience in handling acquisition related issue. Based on the contribution in coordinating,  providing  assistance  and  preparation  work  for  the  board  of  directors  of  Sinopharm  Traditional  Chinese  Medicine  Co., Ltd.  to  approve  the  transaction  for  the  acquisition  of  Sinopharm  Health  Cross  Border  E-Commerce  Company  Limited,  the  Company considered  that  Consultant  F  will  provide  the  advice  to  the  business  and  all  necessary  assistance  in  relation  to  the  contract. 4,900,000 share options were granted to Consultant F.

Consultant  G  has  held  senior  position  in  SOE  over  20  years,  is  well  connected  and  experienced  in  cooperation  with  SOE.  Based  on the  contribution  in  coordinating  the  cooperation  with  Sinopharm  Traditional  Chinese  Medicine  Co.,  Ltd.,  China  Tobacco  and  Zhong Wei Hua Xin Fund Management Co., Ltd, the Company considered that Consultant G will provide the advice to the business and all necessary  assistance  in  relation  to  the  contract.  4,900,000  share  options  were  granted  to  Consultant  G.

Consultant  H  is  well  connected  with  the  suppliers  in  various  types  of  products  during  his  past  working  experience.  Based  on  the contribution  in  sourcing  the  supplier  for  the  cross  border  e-commerce  business  and  maintaining  the  relationship,  the  Company considered  that  Consultant  H  will  provide  the  advice  to  the  business  and  all  necessary  assistance  in  relation  to  the  contract. 4,900,000 share options were granted to Consultant H.

Consultant I  is  experienced  in  PRC  health  system  and  information  technology  solution  for  healthcare  for  over  20  years.  Based  on  the contribution  in  provision  of  the  planning  and  overall  requirement  of  the  comprehensive  health  platform  for  Sinopharm  Traditional Chinese  Medicine  Co.,  Ltd.,  the  Company  considered  that  Consultant  I  will  provide  the  advice  to  the  business  and  all  necessary assistance  in  relation  to  the  contract.  4,900,000  share  options  were  granted  to  Consultant  I.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

Consultant  J  is  experienced  in  marketing  and  operation  for  health  related  business.  Based  on  the  contribution  in  coordinating  the cooperation  with  Sinopharm  Traditional  Chinese  Medicine  Co.,  Ltd,  Zhong  Wei  Hua  Xin  Fund  Management  Co.,  Ltd  and  the Company on smart convenience store project and health related cooperation, the Company considered that Consultant J will provide the  advice  to  the  business  and  all  necessary  assistance  in  relation  to  the  contract.  2,500,000  share  options  were  granted  to Consultant  J.

Consultant  K  is  experienced  in  track  and  trace  solution  for  medicine.  Based  on  the  contribution  in  provision  of  the  planning  and guidance  for  the  track  and  trace  function  of  the  comprehensive  health  platform  for  Sinopharm  Traditional  Chinese  Medicine  Co., Ltd.,  the  Company  considered  that  Consultant  K  will  provide  the  advice  to  the  business  and  all  necessary  assistance  in  relation  to the  contract.  2,500,000  share  options  were  granted  to  Consultant  K.

Consultant  L,  a  founder  and  owner  of  an  information  technology  solution  company  for  internet  plus  government  affairs,  which served  over  hundreds  of  government  clients,  and  with  extensive  connections  and  resources  in  business  and  government  sector  in PRC,  he  is  well  connected  with  Sinopharm  Traditional  Chinese  Medicine  Co.,  Ltd..  Based  on  the  contribution  in  successfully introducing  and  endeavoring  Sinopharm  Health  Cross  Border  E-Commerce  Company  Limited  to  contract  with  Sinopharm  Traditional Chinese  Medicine  Co.,  Ltd.  for  the  construction  of  comprehensive  healthcare  platform,  the  Company  considered  that  Consultant  L will  provide  the  advice  to  the  business  and  all  necessary  assistance  in  relation  to  the  contract.  25,800,000  share  options  were granted to  Consultant  L.

Consultant M is the General Manager for an investment group in China which targeted to invest in various industries from finance, utilities,  information  technology  to  property  industries.  Consultant  M  was  a  former  senior  consultant  for  a  European  investment  bank and  experienced  in  project  acquisition  and  operation  worldwide.  Based  on  the  contribution  to  assist  Sinopharm  Traditional  Chinese Medicine Co., Limited for  the  transaction  structure  and  preparation  work  from  Sinopharm  Traditional  Chinese  Medicine  Co.,  Limited in  regards  to  the  acquisition  transaction  of  Sinopharm  Health  Cross  Border  E-Commerce  Company  Limited,  the  Company  considered that  Consultant  M  will  provide  the  advice  to  the  business  and  all  necessary  assistance  in  relation  to  the  contract.  2,500,000  share options  were  granted  to  Consultant  M.

The details  of  the  movements  in  share  options  under  the  New  Share  Option  Scheme  during  the  year  were  as  follows:

| Number of Share Options  Name/Category of  Participants  Grant Date  Exercise  Price  per Share  (HK$)  Vesting Period  Exercise  Period  As at  1  July  2021  Granted  (Note  1)  Exercised  Cancelled  Lapsed  As at  30 June  2022  Employees  27/08/2021  0.25  27/08/2021-30/09/2021  01/10/2021-30/09/2024  -  25,200,000  -  -  -  25,200,000  27/08/2021  0.25  27/08/2021-31/12/2021  01/01/2022-30/09/2024  -  18,900,000  -  -  -  18,900,000  27/08/2021  0.25  27/08/2021-31/12/2022  01/01/2023-30/09/2024  -  18,900,000  -  -  -  18,900,000  Sub-total  -  63,000,000  -  -  -  63,000,000  Other eligible participants  (Note  2)  27/08/2021  0.25  27/08/2021-30/09/2021  01/10/2021-30/09/2024  -  5,600,000  -  -  -  5,600,000  27/08/2021  0.25  27/08/2021-31/12/2021  01/01/2022-30/09/2024  -  4,200,000  -  -  -  4,200,000  27/08/2021  0.25  27/08/2021-31/12/2022  01/01/2023-30/09/2024  -  4,200,000  -  -  -  4,200,000  Sub-total  -  14,000,000  -  -  -  14,000,000  Total  -  77,000,000  -  -  -  77,000,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. The  closing  price  of  the  Shares  on  the  trading  day  immediately  before  27  August  2021  on  which  the  share  options  were granted,  was  HK$0.222  per  Share.

2. Other  eligible  participants  include  certain  consultants  of  the  Group.  The  14,000,000  outstanding  share  options  were  granted on  27  August  2021  and  accepted  by  2  eligible  consultants.  To  the  best  of  the  Directors'  knowledge,  information  and  belief, the  details  of  these  2  eligible  consultants,  all  of  whose  relationships  with  the  Company  are  recurring  during  their  option period,  are  as  follows:

Lyu  Dong  (the  ' Consultant  1 ')  is  an  experienced  participant  in  the  Chinese  sports  lottery  industry,  the  core  element  of  the product  in  the  'anti-counterfeiting  device  +  lottery'  business  and  the  main  person  in  charge  of  the  relevant  authorized business cooperation  suppliers in different provinces across the country, providing continuous  and  stable supply  and customized  arrangements  for  the  production  of  anti-counterfeiting  devices  to  meet  the  actual  business  needs.  The  Company considered that  The  Consultant  1  will  provide  assistance  and  support  to  the  Group  in  relation  to  the  above-mentioned  related businesses,  and  provide  opinions  on  the  relevant  businesses  of  the  Group.  The  Consultant  1  was  granted  with  10,000,000 share  options.

Dong Guowei (the  ' Consultant  2 ')  is  an  experienced  industry  participant  in  the  research  and  development  and  cooperation of  Internet  financial  products.  He  has  provided  opinions  and  support  for  business  implementation  in  the  development  of related  functions  in  the  'Anti-counterfeiting  device  +  lottery'  product.  The  Company  considered  that  the  Consultant  2  will provide  assistance  and  support  to  the  Group  in  relation  to  the  above-mentioned  related  businesses,  and  provide  opinions  on the  relevant  businesses  of  the  Group.  At  the  same  time,  the  Consultant  2  will  provide  continuous  development  support  and guidance  for  the  relevant  functions  of  the  'Anti-counterfeiting  device  +  lottery'  product,  and  also  assist  the  Company  in expanding  its  business  model  and  revenue  model  in  related  businesses,  and  tries  its  best  to  establish  cooperation  with potential  partners  in  the  market.  The  Consultant  2  was  granted  with  4,000,000  share  options.

## AUDITORS

The  consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  have  been  audited  by  CCTH  CPA  Limited. There  was  no  change  in  the  auditors  of  the  Company  in  the  preceding  3  years.  CCTH  CPA  Limited  will  retire  at  the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and, being eligible, offer itself for re-appointment. A resolution for  the  re-appointment  of  CCTH  CPA  Limited  as  auditors  of  the  Company  will  be  proposed  at  the  forthcoming annual general  meeting  of  the  Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The  Company  is  committed  to  maintaining  a  high  standard  of  corporate  governance  which  is  set  out  in  the  section headed 'Corporate Governance Report' on pages 15 to 23.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The  Company  has  established  the  Audit  Committee  with  written  terms  of  reference  in  compliance  with  the  GEM Listing  Rules.  For  the  year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  Audit  Committee  comprised  three  INEDs, namely,  Mr.  LAU  Fai  Lawrence,  Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei,  Mr.  LAM  Kit  Sun  (appointed  on  1  August  2022)  and  Mr.  CHAU  Wai Wah Fred (ceased to be the Audit Committee member after re-designation to executive  Director  of  the  Company  on 1  August  2022).  Mr.  LAU  has  been  appointed  as  the  chairperson  of  the  Audit  Committee.  Details  of  the  role  and work  performed  by  the  Audit  Committee  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  are  set  out  in  the  section  headed 'Corporate Governance Report' in this annual report.

The  audited  consolidated  results  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  have  been  reviewed  by  the  Audit Committee,  which  was  of  the  opinion  that  the  preparation  of  such  results  complied  with  the  applicable  accounting standards  and  requirements  and  that  adequate  disclosure  has  been  made.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## EVENTS AFTER REPORTING PERIOD

## CONNECTED TRANSACTION IN RELATION TO LOAN CAPITALISATION INVOLVING ISSUE OF NEW SHARES UNDER SPECIFIC MANDATE

On  27  July  2022  (after  trading  hours  of  the  Stock  Exchange),  the  Company  and  Mr.  CHAN  Ting  (the  ' Subscriber ') entered  into  a  loan  capitalisation  agreement  (the  ' Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement  II '),  pursuant  to  which  the Company  has  conditionally  agreed  to  allot  and  issue,  and  the  Subscriber  has  conditionally  agreed  to  subscribe  for, 54,637,617  Shares  (the  ' Loan  Capitalisation  Share(s)  II ')  at  the  subscription  price  of  HK$0.28  each  (the  ' LC Subscription  Price  II '),  the  same  of  which  shall  be  satisfied  by  setting  off  the  full  amount  of  HK$15,298,533  (the ' Loan ').  Upon  completion,  the  Loan  shall  be  deemed  to  have  been  fully  repaid  and  the  Company  shall  be  released from its  obligations  under  the  Loan  (the  ' Loan Capitalisation II ').

As  at  the  date  of  the  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement  II,  the  Loan  was  the  aggregate  of  certain  loans  which  were originally  advanced  by  (i)  Ms.  WOO  Theresa  (the  spouse  of  the  Subscriber)  in  the  principal  sum  of  HK$3,493,500,  (ii) Ms.  CHAN  Siu  Sarah  (the  sister  of  the  Subscriber)  in  the  principal  sum  of  HK$1,196,000,  (iii)  Mr.  FUNG  King  Him Daniel  (a  director  of  various  subsidiaries  of  the  Company)  in  the  principal  sum  of  HK$2,961,948,  (iv)  Mr.  CHEUK  Ka Chun  Kevin  (an  executive  Director)  in  the  principal  sum  of  HK$2,151,394  and  (v)  Mr.  LIAO  Zhe  (an  executive Director)  in  the  principal  sum  of  HK$5,495,691  (collectively,  the  ' Assignors ')  to  the  Company  as  its  working  capital. Each of  the  Assignors  has  executed  an  assignment  of  loans  in  favour  of  the  Subscriber  on  26  July  2022,  pursuant  to which each of the Assignors assigned to the Subscriber the said loans to  the  Subscriber  on  dollar-to-dollar  basis.  The assignment of loans and the Loan Capitalisation  Agreement II  are  not  inter-conditional  with  each  other.

The  Directors  considered  that  the  Loan  Capitalisation  II  under  the  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement  II  would  allow  the Company to settle  the  outstanding  sums  owing  by  the  Company  to  the  Subscriber  without  utilising  existing  financial resources  of  the  Group  while  reducing  the  gearing  level  and  hence  strengthening  the  financial  position  of  the  Group.

The  aggregate  nominal  value  of  the  54,637,617  Loan  Capitalisation  Shares  II  is  HK$682,970.21.  The  net  issue  price, after  deduction  of  relevant  expenses,  is  estimated  to  be  approximately  HK$0.28  per  Loan  Capitalisation  Share  II.  The closing  price  per  Share  as  quoted  on  the  Stock  Exchange  on  27  July  2022,  being  the  date  of  the  Loan  Capitalisation Agreement II was HK$0.064.

Since  as  at  the  date  of  the  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement  II,  the  Subscriber  was  the  chairperson,  an  executive Director  and  the  chief  executive  officer  of  the  Company  and  was  a  director  of  Best  Frontier  Investments  Limited,  a former  substantial  Shareholder,  the  Subscriber  is  a  connected  person  of  the  Company  under  the  GEM  Listing  Rules. Therefore,  the  entering  into  of  the  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement  II  and  the  transactions  contemplated  thereunder constituted  a  connected  transaction  for  the  Company  and  is  subject  to  the  reporting,  announcement,  independent financial  advice  and  Independent  Shareholders'  approval  requirements  under  Chapter  20  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules.

The completion of the Loan Capitalisation Agreement II is conditional  upon  fulfillment  of  the  conditions  precedent  on or  before  30  November  2022  (or  such  other  time  and  date  as  the  parties  shall  agree  in  writing)  none  of  which  is waivable.

Details  of  the  above  connected  transaction  were  disclosed  in  the  Company's  announcement  dated  27  July  2022  and the  circular,  convening  an  extraordinary  general  meeting  to  approve  the  above  connected  transaction  is  expected  to be  despatched  to  the  Shareholders  on  or  before  31  October  2022.  Up  to  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the conditions  precedent  for  completion  of  the  Loan  Capitalisation  II  under  the  Loan  Capitalisation  Agreement  II  have  not been fully  fulfilled.  Therefore,  the  Loan  Capitalisation  II  may  or  may  not  proceed.

DIRECTORS' REPORT

Save  as  disclosed  above,  there  has  been  no  important  event  affecting  the  Group  since  the  end  of  the  year  ended  30 June  2022.

On behalf of the Board

CHAU Wai Wah Fred Executive  Director

Hong Kong, 30 September 2022

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Reporting Boundary

This  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  (the  ' ESG ')  Report  (the  ' ESG Report ')  issued  by  the  Company  covers  the policies,  compliance  issues  and  key  performance  indicators  relating  to  the  environmental  and  social  aspects  of  the head  office  and  mask  factories  in  Hong  Kong  and  other  business  operations  in  the  PRC  during  the  year  ended  30 June  2022.  The  above  scope  of  reporting  had  relatively  significant  impact  on  the  environment  and  society  during  the year.  This  ESG  Report  was  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  'Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Reporting  Guide' as  set  out  in  Appendix  20  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules.

## Board's ESG Management Approach and Strategy

The  Group  has  implemented  a  top-down  management  approach  within  the  Group  for  ESG  management  and  has developed  appropriate  and  effective  ESG  management  systems  and  processes.  The  Board  is  responsible  for  the determination  of  the  Group's  ESG  strategy,  assessing  the  ESG  risks  and  opportunities  as  well  as  the  oversight  of  the Group's overall  ESG  performance,  including  environmental  management  issues,  labor  practices  and  other  ESG  aspects. The  management  of  the  Group  is  responsible  for  the  execution  of  ESG  management,  the  collection  of  relevant  ESG data  and  the  preparation  of  the  ESG  Report.  The  Group  maintains  effective  communication  with  stakeholders  through daily  operations  to  understand  and  identify  their  needs,  expectations  and  concerns  regarding  ESG  factors  of  the Group,  so  that  the  importance  of  each  ESG  area  can  be  assessed  and  long-term  development  approaches  and strategies  can  be  formulated.  The  Board  reviews  and  approves  the  ESG  Report  annually  to  ensure  all  material  ESG issues  and  their  impacts  on  sustainable  development  are  fairly  presented  in  the  ESG  Report.

## Reporting Principles

The  Group  adheres  to  the  four  fundamental  reporting  principles  set  out  in  the  ESG  Reporting  Guide  for  the preparation  of  this  report:

Materiality:  The  Group  acknowledges  the  importance  of  material  issues  that  may  have  a  significant  impact  on  its stakeholders  and  operations.  Material  environmental  and  social  issues  were  identified  through  an  analysis  of  the written  and  verbal  comments  and  responses  submitted  by  members  of  the  management  team  of  the  Group.  Material issues  identified  during  the  year  are  similar  to  the  material  issues  identified  in  the  previous  reporting  period.  Results were presented to the Board for validation  of  the  material  ESG  issues  for  the  year.

Quantitative:  The  Group  records  and  discloses  the  key  performance  indicators  in  quantitative  terms  as  appropriate  for evaluation  and  validation  of  the  effectiveness  of  ESG  policies  and  measures.

Consistency: As far as practicable and unless stated otherwise, the Group applies consistent measurement methodology to allow for meaningful comparison of the ESG performance over time. Any changes in the methods or the  key  performance  indicators  used  will  be  disclosed.

Balance:  This  report  discloses  information  in  an  objective  manner,  providing  stakeholders  with  an  unbiased  picture  of the  Group's  overall  ESG  performance.

## ENVIRONMENT

## Emissions

## Policies  relating  to  Air  and  Greenhouse  Gas  Emissions,  Discharges  into  Water  and  Land,  and Generation of Hazardous and Non-hazardous Waste

The  indirect  greenhouse  gas  emission,  which  is  generated  from  our  daily  electricity  consumption,  is  the  main  source of  the  Group's  carbon  footprint.  To  reduce  greenhouse  gas  emission,  energy-saving  measures,  including  employees turning  off  light  and  unnecessary  energy  device  before  leaving  the  offices  to  reduce  energy  consumption  and  avoid unnecessary wastage of energy, are implemented. In order to reduce waste, a responsible waste management policy, including  waste  avoidance,  reducing  waste  from  its  source,  reuse,  recycling  and  responsible  disposal  of  waste,  is adopted. During the year, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with the environmental laws and regulations  in  Hong  Kong  and  in  the  PRC  relating  to  air  and  greenhouse  gas  emissions,  discharges  into  water  and land,  and  generation  of  hazardous  and  non-hazardous  waste.

## Key Performance Indicators

## 1. Air  Pollutants

Fuel  consumption  by  motor  vehicles  was  the  major  source  of  nitrogen  oxides  (' NOx '),  sulphur  oxides  (' SOx ') and  particulate  matter  (' PM ')  emissions.  Relevant  data  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  and  2021  were  as follows:

| Year ended  30 June 2022  Year  ended  30 June 2021  (g)  (g)  NO x  2,794.00  5,639.03  SO  x  9.41  105.49  PM  205.72  415.19   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2. Greenhouse Gas Emissions

Greenhouse gas came from all sorts of daily activities,  such  as  the  use  of  electricity,  water  and  the  combustion of fuels in motor  vehicles. Total greenhouse  gas  emissions included carbon  dioxide (' CO 2 ') and  other greenhouse gases, such as methane (' CH 4 ')  and  nitrous  oxide  (' N 2O ').  The  Group  strives  to  reduce  burning  and improve  energy  and  resource  use  efficiency  in  its  daily  operations  so  as  to  manage  its  greenhouse  gas emissions.

The  combustion  of  fuels  in  motor  vehicles  caused  the  direct  emission  of  greenhouse  gasses.  Relevant  data  for the  year  ended  30  June  2022  and  2021  were  as  follows:

| Year ended  30 June 2022  Year  ended  30 June 2021  (kg)  (kg)  CO 2  1,511.06  16,936.45  CH 4  3.40  38.13  N 2 O  219.33  2,458.30   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  electricity  consumption  of  the  Group  mainly  for  the  daily  operations  of  the  head  office  and  mask  factories in  Hong  Kong  caused  the  indirect  emission  of  greenhouse  gas  of  CO 2 .  Indirect  CO 2 emission  from  electricity purchased  from  power  companies  was  approximately  171,779.73kg  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  (2021: approximately  349,113.08kg).

## 3. Hazardous Waste Production

According  to  the  National  Catalogue  of  Hazardous  Wastes （ 《國家危險廢物名錄》 ） which  was  formulated  in accordance with Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid  Wastes （ 《中華人民共和國固體廢物污染環境防治法》 ） by  the  Ministry  of  Environmental  Protection  of  the People's  Republic  of  China  ( 中華人民共和國環境保護部 ),  printing  ink  is  classified  as  hazardous  waste.

Despite  that  the  hazardous  waste  data  during  the  year  was  unavailable  to  the  Group  (2021:  not  available),  the Group considered only limited hazardous waste was produced during printing process.

## 4. Non-hazardous Waste Production

Commercial  waste  constituted  the  production  of  non-hazardous  waste  of  the  Group.  For  the  year  ended  30 June 2022, 1.8 tonnes of non-hazardous waste were produced due to one-off disposal of substandard masks in Hong Kong and the intensity of the  non-hazardous  waste  produced  was  0.6  tonnes  per  production  line  (2021: 0.6  tonnes  per  production  line).

## 5. Emissions Management

The  Group  targeted  to  keep  the  levels  of  the  air  pollutants  and  greenhouse  gas  emissions  for  the  year  to  not more  than  those  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2020  (the  benchmark).  The  targets  were  achieved  by  using  five less  motor  vehicles.

## 6. Wastes Management

The non-hazardous waste shall be classified, collected  and  placed  separately  from  those  of  the  hazardous  waste, and  then  transferred  to  the  government-approved  institutions  to  dispose  regularly.  The  Group  has  been continuously  keeping  the  hazardous  waste  minimal  over  the  years.  Only  limited  hazardous  waste  was  produced during  the  printing  process  in  the  offices  so  the  hazardous  waste  data  for  the  year  and  the  previous  years  were unavailable  to  the  Group.  The  Group  reduces  printing  by  making  the  documents  electronically.  On  the  other hand, the Group targeted to keep the intensity of the non-hazardous waste produced per production line which was due to one-off disposal of substandard masks in Hong Kong for the year to not more than 0.6 tonnes per production  line  which  was  the  data  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2020  (the  benchmark).  The  target  was achieved  by  conducting  quality  control  of  the  masks  produced.

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  the  Group  was  committed  to  the  policies  relating  to  air  and  greenhouse  gas emissions,  discharges  into  water  and  land,  and  generation  and  disposal  of  hazardous  and  non-hazardous  waste  as  set out  in  this  ESG  Report  in  order  to  minimise  such  pollution.  The  Group  also  performed  regular  assessments  on  the same.

## Use of Resources

## Policies  on  the  Efficient  Use  of  Resources

To  support  environmental  protection,  the  Group  tries  its  best  endeavours  to  minimize  the  energy  and  resources consumption  during  the  daily  operation  of  the  Group  in  Hong  Kong  and  PRC  offices.  The  Group  strives  to  build  an environmentally  friendly  working  environment  through  our  guidance  and  policies  and  participation  among  the  staff  to minimize the adverse impact of electricity  and  office  consumables  consumption  on  the  environment.

In  order  to  reduce  the  consumption  of  electricity  in  office,  the  Group  issues  guidance  to  the  staff  for  setting  the optimal  temperature  on  the  air-conditioning.  All  the  lights  and  electronic  appliances  in  office  will  be  turned  off  when not  in  use  and  all  the  lights  in  office  will  be  turned  off  during  the  lunch  time.

Further,  in  order  to  reduce  the  consumables  consumption  in  office,  the  Group  encourages  all  the  staff  to  save  and file  the  documents  electronically,  use  the  recycled  papers  for  printing,  print  the  documents  on  double-sided  papers and arrange the telephone or video conferences instead of face-to-face  meetings.

## Key Performance Indicators

## 1. Energy Consumption

Daily  energy  consumption  of  the  Group  mainly  involved  purchased  electricity  for  the  daily  operations  of  the head  office  and  mask  factories  in  Hong  Kong.  For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  the  total  electricity consumption  was  approximately  38.45kWh  and  the  intensity  of  the  electricity  consumption  was  approximately 12.82kWh  per  production  line  (2021:  approximately  78.14kWh  and  approximately  11.16kWh  per  production line).

## 2. Water Consumption

Despite  that  the  water  consumption  data  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  was  unavailable  to  the  Group (2021:  not  available),  the  Group  considered  that  there  was  only  limited  water  consumption  for  the  daily operations  of  the  Group.

## 3. Energy Management

The Group targeted to keep the intensity of the electricity  consumption  per  production  line  for  the  year  to  not more  than  14.83kWh  which  was  the  data  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2020  (the  benchmark).  For  the  year ended  30  June  2022,  the  intensity  of  the  electricity  consumption  per  production  line  was  approximately 12.82kWh. The reduction was achieved by conducting control on electricity consumption.

## 4. Water Management

The  Group's  domestic  water  is  mainly  provided  by  local  water  supply  companies,  and  there  was  no  problem  in sourcing  water  that  was  fit  for  purpose  during  the  year.  For  the  business  nature  of  the  Group  of  provision  of lottery-related  services,  internet  plus  services  (solution  and  supply  chain),  and  manufacturing  and  distribution  of personal  protective  equipment,  etc.,  the  Group  has  been  continuously  keeping  the  water  consumption  minimal over  the  years.  There  was  only  limited  water  consumption  for  the  daily  operations  of  the  Group  so  the  water consumption data for the year and the previous years were unavailable to the Group.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## 5. Packaging Materials used for Finished Products

Total  packaging  materials  used  for  finished  products  in  the  mask  production  business  for  the  year  ended  30 June 2022 was approximately 56.93 tonnes and the intensity of the packaging materials used was approximately  18.98  tonnes  per  production  line  (2021:  approximately  172.34  tonnes  and  approximately  24.62 tonnes per production line).

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  the  Group  was  committed  to  the  policies  on  the  efficient  use  of  resources  as  set out  in  this  ESG  Report  in  order  to  reduce  the  consumption  of  energy  and  water.

## Environment and Natural Resources

## Policies  on  Minimising  the  Group's  Significant  Impact  on  the  Environment  and  Natural  Resources

The  Group  manages  and  minimizes  the  impact  it  may  cause  on  the  environment  and  natural  resources,  directly  or indirectly,  through  the  policies,  including  (i)  ensuring  that  its  business  operations  comply  with  the  environmental  laws and  regulations  in  Hong  Kong  and  in  the  PRC;  (ii)  monitoring  and  minimising  air  and  greenhouse  gas  emissions  and hazardous  and  non-hazardous  waste;  and  (iii)  ensuring  that  in  its  daily  business  operations,  with  best  endeavours, energy,  water  and  other  raw  materials  will  be  conserved.

## Key Performance Indicator

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  due  to  the  mask  production  business,  the  electricity  consumption  causing  the indirect  emission  of  greenhouse  gas  of  CO 2 ,  the  non-hazardous  waste  production  resulting  from  one-off  disposal  of substandard  masks  and  the  packaging  material  used  for  finished  products  of  masks  may  have  impact  on  the environment  and  natural  resources.  (2021:  might  have  impact).  The  Group  was  committed  to  the  policies  on minimising  its  significant  impact  on  the  environment  and  natural  resources  as  set  out  in  this  ESG  Report  in  order  to protect  the  environment  and  natural  resources.

## Climate Change

## Policies  on  Identification  and  Mitigation  of  Significant  Climate-related  Issues

The Group has considered the potential climate-related  risks  in  respect  of  the  recommendations  of  the  Task  Force  on Climate related  Financial  Disclosures,  in  which  potential  physical  risk  and  transition  risk  from  climate  change  may  pose adverse  financial  impacts  on  the  Group's  businesses.

## Key Performance Indicator

Acute  physical  risk  can  arise  from  extreme  weather  conditions  such  as  flooding  and  storms  and  chronic  physical  risk can  arise  from  sustained  high  temperature,  while  transition  risk  may  result  from  the  change  in  environmental-related regulations  or  change  in  customer  preferences.  Upon  evaluation  of  the  potential  acute  physical  risk  that  may  cause disruption  to  the  manufacturing  activities  and  supply  network,  our  offices  do  not  locate  in  high-risk  flood  areas  and that  the  Group  maintains  a  large  supplier  base  so  we  can  source  from  alternative  suppliers  in  the  event  of  our suppliers  being  affected  by  extreme  weather  conditions.  While  sustained  high  temperature  may  result  in  an  elevation of  electricity  consumption,  the  Group  has  adopted  energy  conservation  measures  in  managing  such  risk,  which  are detailed  in  the  above  sub-section  headed  'Environment  and  Natural  Resources'.  As  for  the  potential  transition  risk, the  Group  continues  to  monitor  the  regulatory  environment  and  the  product  market  to  ensure  that  our  products meet customers and regulatory demand and expectations.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

It  is  expected  that  potential  extreme  weather  condition,  sustained  high  temperature,  change  in  environmental-related regulations  and  customer  preference  do  not  have  a  material  impact  on  the  Group's  operations.  Nevertheless,  the Group  continues  to  monitor  the  climate-related  risks  and  implement  relevant  measures  to  minimize  the  potential physical  and  transition  risks.

## EMPLOYMENT AND LABOUR PRACTICES

## Employment

The  Group  believes  that  human  resources  are  the  most  valuable  asset  and  core  competitive  strength  of  the  Group. The  Group  adopts  a  fair  and  open  recruitment  policy  to  avoid  any  discrimination  on  age,  gender,  race,  nationality, religion  or  marital  status.  All  the  candidates  will  be  assessed  under  the  fair  recruitment  process.

The  resting  time  of  the  Group's  employees  is  well  respected  and  the  employees  are  also  entitled  to  paid  holidays pursuant to statutory  requirements  or  otherwise  under  their  respective  employment  contracts.  There  is  a  computerized human  resources  management  system  in  place  to  continuously  monitor  the  working  hours  and  leave  application  of the  employees.  The  Group  also  adopts  zero  tolerance  policy  towards  sexual  harassment  at  the  workplace  to  protect its  employees  from  unsolicited  sexual  advances.

The Group rewards all the employees by providing a competitive remuneration package and performs the performance  appraisal  on  annual  basis  with  appropriate  bonus,  promotion  opportunities  for  career  advancement. 'Employee  Handbook'  will  be  delivered  to  all  employees  for  stating  all  the  information  regarding  employment, business  conduct,  social  security  funds,  compensation,  leave  benefits,  working  hours,  etc.  A  brief  orientation  is provided  to  new  employees  to  ensure  that  they  are  aware  of  all  relevant  policies.  During  the  reporting  period,  the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with all relevant labour and employment laws.

## Key Performance Indicators

## 1. Total  Workforce

Total  workforce  by  gender,  employment  type,  age  group  and  geographical  region  for  the  year  ended  30  June 2022 and 2021 was as follows:

| Year ended  30 June 2022  Year  ended  30 June 2021  (person)  (person)  gender:  male  17  40  female  15  33  employment type:  full-time  16  58  part-time  16  1  contract  0  14  age group:  under the age of 30  1  4  between the age of 30-50  16  46  over  the  age  of  50  15  23  geographical  region:  Hong Kong  30  54  China  2  19   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## 2. Employee Turnover Rate

Employee  turnover  rate  by  gender,  age  group  and  geographical  region  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  and 2021 was as follows:

| Year ended  30 June 2022  Year  ended  30 June 2021  (%)  (%)  gender:  male  80.70  55.24  female  75.00  127.37  age group:  under the age of 30  120.00  133.33  between the age of 30-50  92.06  98.27  over  the  age  of  50  48.65  97.78  geographical  region:  Hong Kong  57.14  113.94  China  161.90  0.00   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Health and Safety

The  Group  has  been  committed  to  provide  a  safe,  pleasant  and  healthy  working  environment  to  the  employees  in order  to  protect  their  health  and  safety.  In  order  to  maintain  a  safe  and  comfortable  working  environment,  the Group designs and plan office layouts based on relevant safety provisions,  ensures  that  fire  escapes  are  available  and the  hygiene  of  the  office  is  regularly  maintained.  During  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  reviewed  the  office environment  and  safety  policies  regularly  and  was  not  aware  of  any  material  non-compliance  with  the  health  and safety  laws  and  regulations.

## Key Performance Indicators

## 1. Work-related Fatalities and Lost Days due to Work Injury

| Year ended  30 June 2022  Year  ended  30 June 2021  Year  ended  30 June 2020  number of work-related fatalities  0  person  0  person  0  person  rate  of  work-related  fatalities  0%  0%  0%  lost  days  due  to  work  injury  0  day  0  day  0  day   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2. Occupational Health and Safety Measures

The  Group  promotes  the  concept  of  'work-life  balance'  for  caring  our  employees  in  terms  of  their  health, wellness  and  continuing  education.  Different  types  of  health  care  plans  are  available  such  as  medical  insurance, employees'  compensation  insurance  and  accident  insurance  on  business  trip.  We  strive  to  enhance  the  injury and  illness  prevention  through  more  robust  post-incident  investigations.  Work  injury  handling  procedures  were reviewed during the year to ensure the injury  case  can  be  handled  properly.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

In  response  to  the  COVID-19  outbreak,  the  Group  put  in  place  a  number  of  infection  prevention  measures  to safeguard  the  health  and  safety  of  our  employees,  such  as  distributing  mask  to  them  every  day  and  providing sanitizing  materials  to  them.  In  addition,  all  staff  were  required  to  have  their  body  temperature  checked  and recorded  in  writing  before  entering  the  offices  to  ensure  that  they  were  not  infected  with  the  virus  and  to prevent  the  spread  of  the  virus.  For  those  employees'  cohabitating  family  members,  close  contacts  or  their residential  buildings  with  confirmed  cases  of  COVID-19,  the  Company  will  arrange  for  the  relevant  colleagues  to work from home for 14 consecutive days (except weekends).

## Development and Training

Staff's  continuous  development  is  one  of  crucial  success  of  the  Group.  The  Group  provides  on-board  briefings  and orientation  for  the  new  coming  staff.  The  Group  also  encourages  the  employees  to  attend  the  external  applicable training  courses  or  seminars  during  the  office  hours  which  are  relevant  to  the  job  duties.  The  employees  are  entitled to the examination  leaves when  they  attend  the  external examination  applicable to their job duties on  the examination  day.  The  Group  strives  to  ensure  that  all  employees  can  fulfill  the  relevant  job  requirements  in  terms  of education,  training,  technical  and  work  experience.

## Key Performance Indicators

## 1. The Percentage of Employees Trained

| Year ended  30 June 2022  Year  ended  30 June 2021  (%)  (%)  gender:  male  25.00  14.81  female  0.00  1.85  employee category:  senior  management  25.00  16.67  middle management  0.00  0.00  junior  employee  0.00  0.00   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2. The Average Training Hours Completed Per Employee

| Year ended  30 June 2022  Year  ended  30 June 2021  (hour(s))  (hour(s))  gender:  male  1.00  1.00  female  0.00  0.00  employee category:  senior  management  1.00  1.00  middle management  0.00  0.00  junior  employee  0.00  0.00   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Labour Standards

During  the  recruitment  process,  the  Group  strictly  complies  with  all  applicable  laws  and  regulations  in  those  places where it  operates.  The  Group  ascertains  that  its  employees  are  all  above  the  minimum  legal  working  age  requirement and  have  been  fully  protected  in  terms  of  labour  standards.  The  Group  complied  with  all  laws  and  regulations prohibiting  child  labour  and  forced  labour.  Applicants  are  required  to  provide  documentary  proofs  of  academic qualifications and  working  experience  for verifications. Applicants who  are  suspected  to have false  academic qualifications  and  working  experience  will  not  be  employed.  All  the  staff  were  employed  in  accordance  with  the relevant  laws  and  regulations  in  Hong  Kong  and  the  PRC  and  the  management  regularly  reviews  the  recruitment process  to  ensure  that  no  discrimination  is  present.

## Key Performance Indicators

## Child  Labour and Forced Labour

The Group does not tolerate the recruitment of child labour and the use of forced labour. Our recruitment process is subject  to  a  stringent  internal  review  process  that  includes  verifying  personal  information  of  applicants.  For  instance, the  staff  member  who  is  responsible  for  recruitment  collects  the  identity  proof  from  the  candidates  to  ensure  that  the age of  the  candidates  fulfils  the  requirements  as  stipulated  by  the  law.

The  employment  of  forced  and  child  labour  is  strictly  prohibited.  During  the  year,  all  employees  were  over  the  age 18,  and  were  properly  employed  in  accordance  with  the  requirements  of  all  applicable  laws  and  regulations.  No confirmed non-compliance incidents or grievances were noted by the Group (2021: Nil).

## OPERATING PRACTICES

## Supply Chain Management

The Group believes that sourcing and selection of  suppliers  play  a  crucial  part  in  establishing  our  product  and  brand. The  Group  conducts  assessment  on  supplier  with  the  relevant  industrial  and  environmental  standards  in  supply  of materials,  and  to  consider  that  it  is  one  of  the  supplier  selection  criteria.  During  the  procurement  process,  the  Group performs regular  assessments  on  the  environmental  and  social  risks  of  the  supply  chain  management.

## Key Performance Indicators

## 1. Suppliers  by  Geographical Region

During  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  the  Group  made  the  purchases  from  7  suppliers  and  7  suppliers  located in  Hong  Kong  and  the  PRC  respectively  (2021:  7  suppliers  and  6  suppliers  located  in  Hong  Kong  and  the  PRC respectively).

## 2. Practices  relating  to  Engaging  Suppliers

Moreover,  the  Group  closely  monitor  the  performance  of  our  existing  suppliers  and  select  all  new  vendors based  on  our  defined  criteria,  such  as  their  size,  quality  of  products  and/or  services,  delivery  time,  supply stability,  cost  effectiveness,  etc.  Approved  suppliers  are  evaluated  regularly  to  uphold  the  quality  of  products and services  acquired  which  is  up  to  standard.  Suppliers  who  are  not  up  to  the  standard  for  a  prolonged  period of  time  are  to  be  disqualified.

## 3. Practices  to  Identify  Environmental  and  Social  Risks  along  the  Supply  Chain

The Group  conducts  assessment  on the environmental and  social risks of suppliers. The environmental assessment  report,  the  pollutant  discharge  permit  and  other  qualification  requirements  are  listed  as  rigid qualifications,  and  the  environmental  system  certification,  the  work  safety  permit  and  other  industry-related requirements are  listed  as  supporting  qualifications.

## 4. Practices  to  Promote  Environmentally Preferable Products and Services when Selecting Suppliers

The  Group  supports  the  purchases  of  environmentally-friendly  products  to  minimize  the  environmental  impact caused  by  our  business  operations.  We  also  closely  cooperate  with  our  suppliers  to  maintain  the  quality  of products  and  services  provided  to  our  customers.

## Product Responsibility

The Group has responsibilities  on  its  product  or  services  provided.  The  Group  encourages  employees  to  maintain  high standards  of  product  or  services  provided  and  are  obliged  to  retain  confidence  and  all  information  obtained  in connection with their  employment.

## Key Performance Indicators

## 1. Products Sold or Shipped subject to Recalls for Safety and Health Reasons

During  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  no  products  sold  or  shipped  was  subject  to  recalls  for  safety  or  health reasons  (2021:  Nil).

## 2. Products and Service related Complaints

During the year,  no  written  complaint  was  received  by  the  Group  relating  to  product  and  service  quality.  If  the Group  receives  a  complaint,  the  responsible  personnel  will  investigate  into  the  matter  and  take  appropriate action  accordingly.  If  a  reported  complaint  on  product  quality  is  confirmed  and  is  found  to  be  caused  by  the supplier,  the  Group  will  terminate  the  agreement  with  the  relevant  supplier  and  may  take  appropriate  legal actions,  if  necessary.  If  our  customers  are  not  satisfied  with  a  particular  package  that  they  have  purchased  from us,  the  Group  will  offer  the  relevant  customer  an  exchange  of  another  package.  In  the  last  resort,  the  Group may offer refund to our customers.

## 3. Practices  relating  to  Observing  and  Protecting  Intellectual  Property  Rights

During  the  year,  the  Group  complied  with  laws  and  regulations  regarding  intellectual  property  rights  in  Hong Kong  and  the  PRC  that  have  a  significant  impact  on  us,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  Copyright  Ordinance (Chapter  528  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong)  in  Hong  Kong,  'Trademark  Law  of  the  PRC'  ( 中華人民共和國商標法 ) and  the  'Copyright  Law  of  the  PRC'  ( 中華人民共和國著作權法 )  in  the  PRC.  Moreover,  the  Group  act proactively  to  enforce  intellectual  property  rights  against  third  party  infringers.  Legal  actions  will  be  taken  in  due course  upon  identification  of  any  intellectual  property  rights  infringements.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## 4. Quality Assurance Process and Recall Procedures

The  Group  offers  high  quality  products,  and  we  strive  to  minimize  our  product  liability  risk.  Before  launching any  new  products,  the  Group  requests  samples  from  the  suppliers  or  factories  and  engages  a  third-party professional  to  perform  quality  control  inspections  on  the  samples.  Products  are  only  launched  if  the  quality control  tests  pass.  The  Group  deals  with  product  or  service  recalls  by  offering  refund  or  discount  for  future purchases.

## 5. Consumer Data Protection and Privacy Policies

The  Group  is  committed  to  protecting  the  privacy  of  all  consumers.  We  adhered  to  the  Personal  Data  (Privacy) Ordinance  (Chapter  486  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong)  and  laws  and  regulations  relating  to  customer  data  and privacy.  The  Group  imposed  strict  procedures  in  dealing  with  collecting,  retaining,  and  disclosing  personal information.  We  recorded  customer  information  into  our  customer  management  system  and  set  up  access  rights only  for  responsible  employees  to  ensure  the  security  of  customer  information.

## Anti-corruption

All  of  the  Group's  operations  comply  with  the  legislation  on  standards  of  conduct,  such  as  criminal  law  of  the  PRC, the  Anti-Unfair  Competition  Law  of  the  PRC,  and  the  Prevention  of  Bribery  Ordinance  in  Hong  Kong.  The  Group  has established  a  corporate  culture  of  integrity  and  justice,  and  adopted  the  clear  guidelines  for  employees  which  strictly prohibit bribery, extortion, fraud, money  laundering and other acts. The Group has also implemented the whistleblowing  policy  for  encouraging  the  staff  to  report  to  the  Board  if  there  is  any  money  laundering,  bribery  and irregularities.

## Key Performance Indicators

No  concluded  legal  cases  regarding  corrupt  practices  brought  against  the  Company  or  its  employees  was  noted  or reported  during  the  year.

The  Group  prohibits  any  acts  of  corruption  and  bribery  committed  by  our  employees.  Our  'Employee  Handbook' clearly  sets  out  guidelines  for  the  acceptance  of  gifts.  In  the  handbook,  all  employees  are  required  to  exercise  caution and judgment when accepting gifts. Gifts should not be accepted if they are in value higher than HK$100. Discounts or  other  privileges  given  by  any  person  or  company  to  employees  of  the  Group  can  be  accepted  by  them  but  the terms  and  conditions  of  use  must  also  apply  to  other  general  customers.  Moreover,  in  the  whistleblowing  policy,  all employees  should  immediately  report  any  suspected  corruption  and  fraud  cases  to  the  Company.  After  a  potential fraud case has been  reported, investigation is to be conducted  with  due  care. For any proven  fraud case, management will take appropriate action immediately.

In  the  case  of  conflicts  of  interest,  directors  and  staff  are  required  to  declare  their  personal  interests  and  report  the matters  to  the  Board  or  management  of  the  Group.  Employees  are  strictly  prohibited  to  abuse  their  power  and/or take  advantage  of  their  position  for  personal  gain.  Training  would  be  introduced  in  respect  of  the  updated  and relevant  regulations  in  relation  to  anti-bribery  and  corruption.

## COMMUNITY

## Community Investment

The  Group  believes  in  contributing  to  the  society  as  part  of  our  mission  to  create  a  more  peaceful  community. Therefore,  the  Group  encourages  our  staff  to  participate  in  any  activities  which  are  beneficial  to  our  communities. The  Group  targets  through  donations,  sponsorships  and  charity  work  by  supporting  any  activities  which  can  help charitable,  cultural,  medical,  educational  and  other  needs  in  our  community.  The  Group  will  consider  to  support  or donate any charitable  organizations  from  time  to  time  where  appropriate.

## Key Performance Indicators

## Focus Areas of Contribution and Resources Contributed

During the year,  the  Group  with  business  of  manufacturing  and  distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  fulfilled its  corporate  responsibility  as  well  as  brought  Hong  Kong  community  through  the  difficult  times.

In  response  to  the  COVID-19  outbreak,  the  Group  safeguarded  the  health  of  our  employees,  which  are  part  of  the community,  by  distributing  mask  to  them  every  day  to  ensure  that  they  were  not  infected  with  the  virus  and  to prevent  the  spread  of  the  virus  to  the  community.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

<!-- image -->

## TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF SINOPHARM TECH HOLDINGS LIMITED

(incorporated  in  the  Cayman  Islands  with  limited  liability)

## QUALIFIED OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Sinopharm Tech Holdings Limited (the ' Company ')  and  its subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  ' the  Group ')  set  out  on  pages  65  to  170,  which  comprise  the  consolidated statement  of  financial  position  as  at  30  June  2022,  and  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  a  summary  of  significant  accounting policies.

In  our  opinion,  except  for  the  possible  effects  of  the  matters  described  in  the  Basis  for  Qualified  Opinion  section  of our  report,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  consolidated  financial  position  of  the Group as at 30 June 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then  ended  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards  (' HKFRSs ')  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  (' HKICPA ')  and  have  been  properly  prepared  in  compliance  with  the disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies  Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR QUALIFIED OPINION

## Interests  in  associates

As  referred  to  in  Note  24  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  interests  in  associates  at  30  June  2022  and 30  June  2021  represent  the  Group's  20%  and  40%  equity  interest  in  Ever  Development  Holdings  Limited  and  its subsidiaries (' Ever  Development  Group ') with the carrying amounts of approximately HK$23,621,000 and HK$45,663,000  respectively  and  the  results of Ever Development  Group  are  recognised  by  the  Group  in  its consolidated  financial  statements  under  the  equity  method  of  accounting  based  on  the  financial  statements  of  Ever Development  Group  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022.  During  the  course  of  our  audit,  management  of  the  Group and Ever Development Group represented that certain inventories of Ever Development Group with the purchase costs of  approximately  HK$12,502,000  were  substantially  deteriorated  and  impairment  on  such  inventories  amounted  to HK$12,502,000  was  recognised  as  expenses  in  the  financial  statements  of  Ever  Development  Group  for  the  year ended  30  June  2022.  In  view  that  we  have  not  observed  the  physical  count  of  such  inventories  performed  by  Ever Development Group, we are unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence by alternative means to assess the existence  and  condition  of  these  inventories  and  to  ascertain  whether  (a)  the  inventories  are  properly  carried  in  its financial  statements  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value;  (b)  the  share  of  losses  of  the  associates  and  the loss  on  dilution  of  interests  in  associates  amounted  to  HK$153,000  and  HK$21,889,000  respectively  are  properly recognised  in  the  Group's  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  for  the  year ended  30  June  2022;  and  (c)  the  interest  in  Ever  Development  Group  with  the  carrying  amount  of  approximately HK$23,621,000 are properly recognised in the Group's consolidated statement of financial position at 30 June 2022.

Any  adjustments  to  the  aforementioned  share  of  losses  of  associates  and  loss  on  dilution  of  interest  in  associates might have consequential effects on the consolidated financial  performance  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  30  June 2022  and  the  Group's  consolidated  financial  position  as  at  30  June  2022,  and  the  related  disclosures  thereof  in  the consolidated  financial  statements.

## BASIS FOR QUALIFIED OPINION - continued

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (' HKSAs ')  issued  by  the  HKICPA.  Our responsibilities  under  those  standards  are  further  described  in  the  Auditor's  Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of  the Consolidated  Financial  Statements  section  of  our  report.  We  are  independent  of  the  Group  in  accordance  with  the HKICPA's  Code  of  Ethics  for  Professional  Accountants  (' the  Code '), and  we  have  fulfilled our  other  ethical responsibilities  in  accordance  with  the  Code.  We  believe  that  the  audit  evidence  we  have  obtained  is  sufficient  and appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.

## MATERIAL UNCERTAINTY RELATED TO GOING CONCERN

We draw attention to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements regarding the adoption of going concern basis on  which  the  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared.  The  Group  sustained  net  current  liabilities  and net  liabilities  amounted  to  approximately  HK$202,205,000  and  HK$173,397,000  respectively  as  at  30  June  2022  and the  Group  incurred  a  loss  of  approximately  HK$93,771,000  for  the  year  then  ended.  These  conditions,  along  with other  matters  as  set  out  in  Note  2,  indicate  the  existence  of  a  material  uncertainty  that  may  cast  significant  doubt  on the  ability  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  The  consolidated  financial  statements  do not  include  any  adjustments  that  would  result  from  a  failure  to  obtain  the  funding  as  referred  to  in  Note  2  for financing  the  working  capital  and  financial  commitments  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  for  the  foreseeable  future. Our opinion is  not  modified  in  respect  of  this  matter.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our  professional  judgment,  were  of  most  significance  in  our  audit  of  the consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period.  These  matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit  of the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole,  and  in  forming  our  opinion  thereon,  and  we  do  not  provide  a separate  opinion  on  these  matters.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS - continued

## Impairment assessment on trade receivables and other receivables

## Key audit matter

As  detailed  in  Notes  26  and  27  to  the  consolidated financial  statements,  as  at  30  June  2022,  the  Group had  trade  receivables  and  other  receivables,  net  of impairment losses recognised, of approximately HK$28,419,000 and HK$13,996,000 respectively. Assessment of impairment provision for these receivables  involves  management's  judgment  of  the ability of the debtors to make settlement which depends  on  customers'  specific  and  market  conditions that  are  inherently  uncertain.

We  have  identified  impairment  assessment  on  trade receivables  and  other  receivables  as  a  key  audit  matter due  to  the  magnitude  of  these  receivables  and  the management's estimates and judgments involved in the determination  of  the  expected  credit  losses  of  these receivables.

## How the matter was addressed in our audit

Our  procedures  in  relation  to  management's  impairment assessment on trade receivables and other receivables included:

- (a) We  obtained an understanding of the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of management's internal controls relating to credit control,  debt  collection  and  making  provisions  for doubtful  debts.
- (b) We  assessed the classification and accuracy of individual balances in ageing reports of trade receivables and other receivables by testing the underlying  invoices  and/or  agreement  on  a  sample basis.
- (c) We assessed subsequent settlement of the receivable balances.  Where  settlement  had  not  been  received subsequent  to  the  year  end  date,  we  obtained  an understanding of the basis of management's j udgments about the recoverability of the outstanding receivables and estimates about the allowances for credit  losses  made  by  management for these  individual  balances.
- (d) We  assessed  the  historical  accuracy  of  the  estimates made by the management for the credit loss allowances.
- (e) We  assessed  the  appropriateness  of  the  expected credit  loss  positioning  methodology,  examining  the key  data  inputs  on  a  sample  basis  to  assess  their accuracy and completeness, and challenging the assumptions,  including  both  historical  and  forwardlooking  information,  used  to  determine  the  expected credit  losses.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS - continued

## Impairment assessment of goodwill

| ## Key audit matter  ## How the matter was addressed in our audit  As  detailed  in  Notes  21  to  the  consolidated  financial statements,  the  Group  had  fully  impaired  goodwill  at 30 June 2022  and impairment losses on goodwill amounted to approximately HK$12,305,000 was recognised  in  profit  or  loss  in  respect  of  the  current year  under  review.  We  have identified the impairment assessment of goodwill as a key audit matter due to their significance to  the  Group's  total  assets  and  significant  judgement exercised  by  the  management  when  performing  the impairment  assessment.  Determining  the  amount  of impairment for goodwill requires an estimation of recoverable amount, which is based on the value in use of  the  relevant  cash-generating  units  (' CGUs ')  to  which goodwill  have  been  allocated.  The  calculation  of  value in  use  requires  management  to  make  assumption  and exercise  judgement  about  the  future  results  of  the related  business,  including  revenue  growth  rate  and gross profit margin, long-term growth rate and appropriate  discount  rates  applied  to  future  cash  flow forecast.  Our audit  procedures  in  relation  to  impairment  assessment of  the  goodwill  included:  - (a) We evaluated and challenged the composition of the Group's  future  cash  flow  forecast  in  each  CGU,  and the  process  by  which  they  were  drawn  up,  including testing  the  underlying  value  in  use  calculation.  - (b) We  assessed  the  reasonableness  of  key  assumptions such as revenue growth, future profitability and discount  rates  with  reference  to  the  business  and industry  circumstances.  - (c) We considered  the  reasonableness  of  these  forecasts of  future  profits  by  comparing  them  against  past results  achieved.  - (d) We  performed sensitivity analysis of the key assumptions  and  considered  the  resulting  impact  of possible  downside  changes.  - (e) We  considered  the  adequacy  of  the  disclosure  of impairment  assessments  of  the  goodwill  set  out  in the  consolidated  financial  statements.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## OTHER INFORMATION

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  other  information.  The  other  information  comprises  all  the information  included  in  the  annual  report,  but  does  not  include  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  our auditor's  report  thereon.

Our  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements  does  not  cover  the  other  information  and  we  do  not  express any  form  of  assurance  conclusion  thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the  other information  and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is  materially  inconsistent  with  the  consolidated financial  statements  or  our  knowledge  obtained  in  the  audit  or  otherwise  appears  to  be  materially  misstated.  If,  based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required  to  report  that  fact.  We  have  nothing  to  report  in  this  regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  that  give  a true  and  fair  view  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  HKICPA  and  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong Kong  Companies  Ordinance,  and  for  such  internal  control  as  the  directors  determine  is  necessary  to  enable  the preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  that  are  free  from  material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  fraud  or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  are  responsible  for  assessing  the  Group's  ability  to continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related  to  going  concern  and  using  the  going  concern basis  of  accounting  unless  the  directors  either  intend  to  liquidate  the  Group  or  to  cease  operations,  or  have  no realistic  alternative  but  to  do  so.

Those charged with governance is responsible for overseeing the Group's financial  reporting  process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole  are free  from  material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  and  to  issue  an  auditor's  report  that  includes  our opinion  solely  to  you,  as  a  body,  in  accordance  with  our  agreed  terms  of  engagement,  and  for  no  other  purpose.  We do  not  assume  responsibility  towards  or  accept  liability  to  any  other  person  for  the  contents  of  this  report. Reasonable assurance is a high level  of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit  conducted  in  accordance  with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered  material  if,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  they  could  reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  the  economic decisions  of  users  taken  on  the  basis  of  these  consolidated  financial  statements.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - continued

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  HKSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgment  and  maintain  professional skepticism  throughout  the  audit.  We  also:

- Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  whether  due  to fraud  or  error,  design  and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence  that  is sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material  misstatement resulting  from  fraud  is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery, intentional  omissions,  misrepresentations,  or  the  override  of  internal  control.
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit  procedures  that  are appropriate  in  the  circumstances,  but  not  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  an  opinion  on  the  effectiveness  of  the Group's internal  control.
- Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting  estimates  and related  disclosures  made  by  the  directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors'  use  of  the  going  concern  basis  of  accounting  and,  based  on the  audit  evidence  obtained,  whether  a  material  uncertainty  exists  related  to  events  or  conditions  that  may  cast significant  doubt  on  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  If  we  conclude  that  a  material uncertainty  exists,  we  are  required  to  draw  attention  in  our  auditor's  report  to  the  related  disclosures  in  the consolidated  financial  statements  or,  if  such  disclosures  are  inadequate,  to  modify  our  opinion.  Our  conclusions are  based  on  the  audit  evidence  obtained  up  to  the  date  of  our  auditor's  report.  However,  future  events  or conditions  may  cause  the  Group  to  cease  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  the disclosures,  and  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  represent  the  underlying  transactions  and  events in  a  manner  that  achieves  fair  presentation.
- Obtain sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business  activities within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  We  are  responsible  for  the direction,  supervision  and  performance  of  the  group  audit.  We  remain  solely  responsible  for  our  audit  opinion.

We  communicate  with  those  charged  with  governance  regarding,  among  other  matters,  the  planned  scope  and timing  of  the  audit  and  significant  audit  findings,  including  any  significant  deficiencies  in  internal  control  that  we identify  during  our  audit.

We  also  provide  those  charged  with  governance  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical requirements  regarding  independence,  and  to  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  and  other  matters  that  may reasonably  be  thought  to  bear  on  our  independence,  and  where  applicable,  related  safeguards.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - continued

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance  in  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period  and  are  therefore  the  key audit  matters.  We  describe  these  matters  in  our  auditor's  report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public  disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in  our  report  because  the  adverse  consequences  of  doing  so  would  reasonably  be  expected  to  outweigh  the  public interest  benefits  of  such  communication.

## CCTH CPA Limited

Certified  Public  Accountants Hong Kong, 30 September 2022

## Ng Kam Fai

Practising  certificate  number  P06573

Unit  1510-1517, 15/F.,  Tower  2, Kowloon Commerce Centre, No.51 Kwai Cheong Road, Kwai Chung, New Territories,  Hong  Kong

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the year ended 30 June 2022

| Year ended  Year  ended  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  10  40,985  77,813  Cost  of  sales  and  services  (35,053)  (56,929)  Gross  profit  5,932  20,884  Other income and gains  11  39,350  4,978  Impairment loss  on  receivables  and  other  assets  12  (58,554)  (52,949)  Loss  on  dilution  of  interests  in  associates  24  (21,889)  -  Loss  on  settlement  of  contingent  consideration  payable  38  -  (10,796)  Selling  and  distribution  expenses  (1,003)  (5,208)  Administrative  and  operating  expenses  (41,431)  (57,015)  Finance  costs  13  (16,410)  (14,546)  Share  of  (losses)/profits  of  associates  24  (153)  3,588  Loss before tax  14  (94,158)  (111,064)  Income tax credit  16  387  558  Loss for the year  (93,771)  (110,506)  Loss for the year attributable to:  Equity  holders  of  the  Company  (87,998)  (106,340)  Non-controlling  interests  (5,773)  (4,166)  (93,771)  (110,506)  Loss for the year  (93,771)  (110,506)  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  Items  that  may  be  reclassified  subsequently  to  profit  or  loss:  Exchange differences  arising  on  translation  of  financial  statements  of  overseas  operations  296  167  Total  comprehensive expenses for the year  (93,475)  (110,339)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the year ended 30 June 2022

| Year ended  Year  ended  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total  comprehensive expenses for the year attributable to:  Equity  holders  of  the  Company  (87,710)  (106,566)  Non-controlling  interests  (5,765)  (3,773)  (93,475)  (110,339)  Year ended  Year  ended  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK Cents  HK Cents  Loss per share attributable to equity holders of the Company  18  Basic  (1.96)  (2.47)  Diluted  N/A  N/A   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

At 30 June 2022

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Property,  plant  and  equipment  19  3,850  17,116  Right-of-use  assets  20  800  9,519  Goodwill  21  -  12,305  Intangible  assets  22  -  27  Interests  in  joint  ventures  23  -  -  Interests  in  associates  24  23,621  45,663  Deposits  for  acquisition  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  537  1,630  28,808  86,260  Current assets  Inventories  25  682  4,745  Trade  receivables  26  28,419  14,314  Other receivables,  deposits  and  prepayments  27  15,986  23,102  Bank balances and cash  28  2,991  7,482  48,078  49,643  Current liabilities  Trade  payables  29  54,589  41,513  Accruals  and  other  payables  30  22,044  59,352  Amounts due to directors  31  8,490  54,318  Amounts due to related parties  32  12,144  13,119  Amount due to a shareholder  33  105,747  -  Lease  liabilities  34  934  4,150  Convertible  bonds  35  44,995  87,041  Unlisted  warrants  36  -  -  Other borrowing  37  -  13,260  Contingent consideration  payable  38  -  -  Deferred  tax  liabilities  39  1,307  -  Income tax payable  33  124  250,283  272,877  Net current liabilities  (202,205)  (223,234)  Total  assets  less  current  liabilities  (173,397)  (136,974)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

At 30 June 2022

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current liabilities  Lease  liabilities  34  -  3,582  -  3,582  Net liabilities  (173,397)  (140,556)  Capital  and  reserves  Share  capital  40  56,721  55,050  Reserves  (223,498)  (193,930)  Capital  deficiency  attributable  to  equity  holders  of  the  Company  (166,777)  (138,880)  Non-controlling  interests  (6,620)  (1,676)  Total  capital  deficiency  (173,397)  (140,556)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  consolidated  financial  statements  on  pages  65  to  170  were  approved  and  authorised  for  issue  by  the  Board  of Directors  on  30  September  2022  and  are  signed  on  its  behalf  by:

| HO Kam Kin  KWOK Shuk Yi  Director  Director   |
|------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended 30 June 2022

| Attributable to equity holders of the Company  Share  capital  Share  premium  Capital  redemption  reserve  Share option  reserve  Convertible  bonds reserve  Translation  reserve  Special  reserve  Capital  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note  41)  (Note  35)  (Note  a)  (Note  b)  At  1  July  2020  53,621  2,644,794  1,484  8,265  5,950  8,194  (1)  10,184  (2,805,571)  (73,080)  (305)  (73,385)  Loss  for  the  year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (106,340)  (106,340)  (4,166)  (110,506)  Exchange differences  arising  from  translation  of  financial  statements  of  overseas  operations  -  -  -  -  -  (226)  -  -  -  (226)  393  167  Total  comprehensive  expenses  for  the  year  -  -  -  -  -  (226)  -  -  (106,340)  (106,566)  (3,773)  (110,339)  Shares  issued  for  settlement  of  Performance Award  696  15,443  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  16,139  -  16,139  Shares  issued  for  settlement  of  amounts  due  to  shareholders  733  15,091  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  15,824  -  15,824  Recognition  of  equity  settled  share-based  payments  -  -  -  4,296  -  -  -  -  -  4,296  -  4,296  Arose from amendments to terms of  convertible  bonds:  -   reserves  in  relation  to  8%  Bonds  January  2021  transferred  to  accumulated losses (Note  35)  -  -  -  -  (5,950)  -  -  -  5,950  -  -  -  -   reserves  in  relation  to  10%  Bonds  January  2022  recognised  (Note  35)  -  -  -  -  4,507  -  -  -  -  4,507  -  4,507  Share  options  lapsed  -  -  -  (1,271)  -  -  -  -  1,271  -  -  -  Capital  injection  from  non-controlling  interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  2,402  2,402  At  30  June  2021  and  1  July  2021  55,050  2,675,328  1,484  11,290  4,507  7,968  (1)  10,184  (2,904,690)  (138,880)  (1,676)  (140,556)  Loss  for  the  year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (87,998)  (87,998)  (5,773)  (93,771)  Exchange differences  arising  from  translation  of  financial  statements  of  overseas  operations  -  -  -  -  -  288  -  -  -  288  8  296  Total  comprehensive  income/(expense)  for  the  year  -  -  -  -  -  288  -  -  (87,998)  (87,710)  (5,765)  (93,475)  Shares  issued  for  settlement  of  amounts  due  to  shareholders  1,671  26,674  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  28,345  -  28,345  Recognition  of  equity  settled  share-based  payments  -  -  -  4,446  -  -  -  -  -  4,446  -  4,446  Deemed contribution arising from settlement  of  amount  due  to  shareholder (Note  31)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  18,449  -  18,449  -  18,449  Reclassified  to  accumulated  losses  upon  maturity  of  convertible  bonds  (Note  35)  -  -  -  -  (4,507)  -  -  -  4,507  -  -  -  Recognition  of  equity  component  of  convertible  bonds (Note  35)  -  -  -  -  10,267  -  -  -  -  10,267  -  10,267  Deferred  tax  liability  on  recognition  of  equity  component of convertible  bonds  (Note  35,  39)  -  -  -  -  (1,694)  -  -  -  -  (1,694)  -  (1,694)  Share  options  lapsed  -  -  -  (42)  -  -  -  -  42  -  -  -  Disposal  of  subsidiaries (Note  42)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,288  1,288  Deregistration  of  subsidiaries  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (467)  (467)  At  30  June  2022  56,721  2,702,002  1,484  15,694  8,573  8,256  (1)  28,633  (2,988,139)  (166,777)  (6,620)  (173,397)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) The  translation  reserve  includes  the  exchange  differences  on  monetary  items  which  form  part  of  the  Group's  net  investment in  the  foreign  operation.

(b) Capital  reserve  at  1  July  2020  and  30  June  2021  represents  gain  on  acquisition  and  disposal  of  partial  interest  in  subsidiaries in  prior  years.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 30 June 2022

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Loss  before  tax  (94,158)  (111,064)  Adjustments for:  Interest  income  11  (3)  (1)  Depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  14,  19  1,318  5,311  Depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  14,  20  1,081  5,127  Amortisation  of  intangible  assets  14,  22  27  16  Equity-settled  share-based  payment  expenses  4,446  4,296  Finance  costs  13  16,410  14,546  Share  of  losses/(profits)  of  associates  24  153  (3,588)  Gain on lapse of unlisted  warrants  11,  36  -  (1,880)  Gain on disposal  of  subsidiaries  11,  42  (8,680)  -  Loss  on  amendment of terms of convertible  bonds  -  50  Loss  on  dilution  of  interests  in  associates  24  21,889  -  Loss/(gain)  on  deregistration  of  subsidiaries  630  (244)  Loss  on  settlement  of  contingent  consideration  payable  14,  38  -  10,796  Write-off  of  consideration  payable  for  acquisition  of  subsidiaries  11,  30  (22,000)  -  Write  back  of  other  payables  11  (4,819)  -  (Gain)/loss  on  disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  11,  14  (9)  26  Gain on disposal  of  right-of-use  assets  11  -  (129)  Gain on settlement of amount due to a director  11  (1,108)  -  Gain on settlement of amount due to a related party  11  (1,030)  -  Impairment loss  on  receivables  and  other  assets  12  58,554  52,949  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital  (27,299)  (23,789)  (Increase)/decrease  in  inventories  (309)  1,054  Increase  in  trade  receivables,  and  other  receivables,  deposits  and  prepayments  (26,842)  (2,384)  Increase  in  trade  payables,  accruals  and  other  payables  and  amounts  due to related  parties  17,777  18,908  Cash used in operations  (36,673)  (6,211)  Tax  paid  (91)  -  Net cash used in operating activities  (36,764)  (6,211)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 30 June 2022

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Interest  received  3  1  Proceeds  from  disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  308  10  Purchases  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  19  (121)  (10,114)  Deposits  for  acquisition  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  refunded  -  5,056  Net  cash  outflow  arising  on  disposal  of  subsidiaries  42  (17)  -  Net  cash  outflow  arising  a  deregistration  of  subsidiaries  (258)  -  Net cash used in investing activities  (85)  (5,047)  FINANCING ACTIVITIES  (Decrease)/increase  in  amounts  due  to  directors  (2,476)  21,000  Payment of lease liabilities  (1,485)  (5,816)  Proceeds  from  issue  of  convertible  bonds  50,000  -  Capital  injection  from  non-controlling  interests  -  2,402  Repayment of other borrowing and related interest charges  (13,801)  (5,131)  Net cash generated from financing activities  32,238  12,455  NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (4,611)  1,197  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR  7,482  6,746  EFFECTS OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES  120  (461)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR  2,991  7,482  ANALYSIS OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE  YEAR  Bank balances and cash  28  2,991  7,482   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. GENERAL

Sinopharm  Tech  Holdings  Limited  (' the  Company ')  was  incorporated  in  the  Cayman  Islands  as  an  exempted company  with  limited  liability  and  its  shares  are  listed  on  the  GEM  of  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong Limited  (the  ' Stock  Exchange ').  The  Company's  registered  office  is  located  at  Second  Floor,  Century  Yard, Cricket  Square,  P.O.  Box  902,  Grand  Cayman,  KY1-1103,  Cayman  Islands  and  its  principal  place  of  business  is located  at  Units  15-16,  25/F.,  Corporation  Park,  11  On  Lai  Street,  Shatin,  New  Territories,  Hong  Kong.

The principal activity of the Company  is  investment  holding. The activities of the Company's  principal subsidiaries,  joint  ventures  and  associates  are  set  out  in  Notes  47,  23  and  24  respectively.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  are  presented  in  Hong  Kong  dollar  (' HK$ '),  which  is  also  the  functional currency  of  the  Company.

## 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group,  comprising  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries, the  directors  of  the  Company  have  given  consideration  to  the  future  liquidity  of  the  Group  in  light  of  the Group's  net  current  liabilities  and  net  liabilities  of  HK$202,205,000  and  HK$173,397,000  respectively  at  30 June  2022.  As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Group  had  convertible  bonds  payable  (with  principal  amount  of HK$50,000,000  and  carrying  amount  of  HK$44,995,000)  and  accrued  interest  amounted  to  approximately HK$2,917,000 (included in accruals and other payables) to be matured within one year after that date, amount due  to  a  shareholder  amounted  to  approximately  HK$105,747,000,  amounts  due  to  directors  amounted  to approximately  HK$8,490,000  and  amounts  due  to  related  parties  amounted  to  approximately  HK$12,144,000, all  of  which  are  included  in  current  liabilities.  These  conditions  indicate  the  existence  of  a  material  uncertainty which may cast significant  doubt  about  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.

Notwithstanding the aforesaid conditions,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  a  going concern  basis  on  the  assumption  that  the  Group  is  able  to  operate  as  a  going  concern  for  the  foreseeable future.  In  the  opinion  of  the  directors  of  the  Company,  the  Group  can  meet  its  financial  obligations  as  and when  they  fall  due  within  the  next  year  from  the  date  of  approval  of  these  consolidated  financial  statements, after  taking  into  consideration  of  the  measures  and  arrangements  made  by  the  Group,  as  detailed  below:

- (a) At  30  June  2022,  the  Group  owed  directors  and  related  parties  amounted  to  HK$8,490,000  and HK$12,144,000  respectively  as  at  that  date,  details  of  which  are  set  out  in  Note  31  and  Note  32 respectively.  Subsequent  to  30  June  2022,  the  amounts  due  by  the  Group  to  certain  directors  and  related parties  totalled  HK$15,298,533  were  assigned  to  Mr.  Chan  Ting,  a  director  of  the  Company  resigned  on 1  August  2022.  In  the  event  that  the  settlement  of  the  amount  due  to  Mr.  Chan  Ting  by  the  Group  of HK$15,298,533  detailed  in  note  49(a)  is  not  materialised,  Mr.  Chan  Ting  has  agreed  not  to  demand  for repayment of the all  of  amounts  due  to  him  by  the  Group  until  the  Group  has  adequate  working  capital for  repayment.
- (b) On  15  September  2022,  the  Group  obtained  a  written  consent  from  certain  suppliers  of  the  subsidiaries of  the  Company,  under  which  these  suppliers  have  agreed  not  to  demand  settlements  on  or  before  31 December 2023 of the outstanding trade payables amounted to approximately HK$36,177,000 at 30 June 2022 due by the Group to the suppliers (included in trade payables, note 29).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - continued

- (c) On 15 September 2022, the Group obtained a written consent from a shareholder of the Company, under which  the  shareholder  of  the  Company  has  agreed  not  to  request  repayment  on  or  before  31  December 2023  of  the  amount  due  by  the  Group  to  the  shareholder  amounted  to  approximately  HK$105,747,000 at  30  June  2022  (Note  33).
- (d) On  26  September  2022,  the  Group  obtained  a  written  consent  from  the  bondholder,  under  which  the bondholder has agreed not to request repayment on or before 20 February 2024 of the convertible bonds with  principal  amount  of  HK$50,000,000  (Note  35)  and  the  accrued  interest  amounted  to  approximately HK$2,917,000 at 30 June 2022.
- (e) The directors  will  continuously  and  closely  monitor  the  Group's  liquidity  position  and  financial  performance and implement measures to improve the Group's cash flows.

In  light  of  the  measures  and  arrangements  implemented  to  date,  the  directors  of  the  Company  are  of  the  view that  the  Group  has  sufficient  cash  resources  to  satisfy  its  working  capital  requirements  and  other  financial obligations  for  at  least  the  next  twelve  months  from  the  date  of  approval  of  these  consolidated  financial statements after  having  taken  into  account  of  the  Group's  projected  cash  flows,  current  financial  resources  and capital  expenditure  requirements  with  respect  to  the  operations  and  development  of  the  Group's  business. Accordingly,  the  directors  of  the  Company  are  of  the  view  that  it  is  appropriate  to  prepare  these  consolidated financial  statements  on  a  going  concern  basis.

Should  the  Group  be  unable  to  continue  to  operate  as  a  going  concern,  adjustments  would  have  to  be  made to  restate  the  carrying  amounts  of  the  Group's  assets  to  their  estimated  recoverable  amounts,  to  provide  further liabilities  that  might  arise  and  to  reclassify  non-current  assets  and  non-current  liabilities  as  current  assets  and current  liabilities  respectively.  The  effects  of  these  potential  adjustments  have  not  been  reflected  in  the consolidated  financial  statements.

## 3. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs')

## Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

In  the  current  year,  the  Company  has  applied  the  'Amendments  to  References  to  the  Conceptual  Framework  in HKFRS  Standards'  and  the  following  amendments  to  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified Public  Accountants  (' HKICPA ')  for  the  first  time,  which  are  mandatorily  effective  for  the  annual  period beginning on or after  1  January  2020  for  the  preparation  of  the  financial  statements:

| Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16 Amendment to HKFRS 16 Amendment to HKFRS 16  Interest  Rate  Benchmark  Reform  -  Phase  2  Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions  Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') - continued

## Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year -  continued

The application  of  the  'Amendments  to  References  to  the  Conceptual  Framework  in  HKFRS  Standards'  and  the amendments  to  HKFRSs  in  the  current  year  had  no  material  impact  on  the  Company's  financial  positions  and performance for the current and prior  years  and/or  on  the  disclosures  set  out  in  these  financial  statements.

## New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

The  Company  has  not  early  applied  the  following  new  and  amendments  to  HKFRSs  that  have  been  issued  but are  not  yet  effective:

| Amendments to HKAS 1  Classification  of  Liabilities  as  Current  or  Non-current  and  Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020), Presentation of  Financial  Statements  -  Classification  by  the  Borrower  of  a  Term  Loan  that  Contains  a  Repayment  on  Demand Clause 3  Amendments to HKAS 1 and  HKFRS Practice  Statement  2  Disclosure  of  Accounting  Policies  3  Amendments to HKAS 8  Definition  of  Accounting  Estimates 3  Amendments to HKAS 12  Deferred  Tax  related  to  Assets  and  Liabilities  arising  from  a  Single  Transaction  3  Amendments to HKAS 16  Property,  Plant  and  Equipment:  Proceeds  before  Intended  Use 1  Amendments to HKAS 37  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling  a  Contract 1  Amendments to HKFRS 3  Reference  to  the  Conceptual  Framework 2  Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020  Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples  accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41 1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Effective  for  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2022

2 Effective  for  business  combinations  for  which  the  date  of  acquisition  is  on  or  after  the  beginning  of  the  first  annual period  beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2022

3 Effective  for  annual  period  beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2023

The  directors  of  the  Company  anticipate  that  the  application  of  all  new  and  amendments  to  HKFRSs  will  have no material  impact  on  the  financial  statements  in  the  foreseeable  future.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Statement of compliance

These consolidated financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  (which  include  all  Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (' HKASs ')  and  Interpretations)  issued  by the  HKICPA,  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  Hong  Kong  and  all  the  applicable  disclosures  as required  by  the  Hong  Kong  Companies  Ordinance.  In  addition,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been prepared in  accordance  with  applicable  disclosure  provisions  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules.

The consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  the  historical  cost  convention.

Historical  cost  is  generally  based  on  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  given  in  exchange  for  goods  and services.

Fair  value  is  the  price  that  would  be  received  to  sell  an  asset  or  paid  to  transfer  a  liability  in  an  orderly transaction  between  market  participants  at  the  measurement  date,  regardless  of  whether  that  price  is  directly observable  or  estimated  using  another  valuation  technique.  In  estimating  the  fair  value  of  an  asset  or  a  liability, the  Group  takes  into  account  the  characteristics  of  the  asset  or  liability  if  market  participants  would  take  those characteristics  into  account  when  pricing  the  asset  or  liability  at  the  measurement  date.

Fair  value  for  measurement  and/or  disclosure  purposes  in  these  consolidated  financial  statements  is  determined on  such  a  basis,  except  for  share-based  payment  transactions  that  are  within  the  scope  of  HKFRS  2  'Sharebased payment', leasing transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS  16/HKAS  17  'Leases', and measurements  that  have  some  similarities  to  fair  value  but  are  not  fair  value,  such  as  net  realisable  value  in HKAS  2  'Inventories'  or  value  in  use  for  the  purposes  of  impairment  assessment  in  HKAS  36  'Impairment  of Assets'.

In  addition,  for  financial  reporting  purposes,  fair  value  measurements  are  categorised  into  Level  1,  2  or  3  based on  the  degree  to  which  the  inputs  to  the  fair  value  measurements  are  observable  and  the  significance  of  the inputs  to  the  fair  value  measurement  in  its  entirety,  which  are  described  as  follows:

- Level  1  inputs  are  quoted  prices  (unadjusted)  in  active  markets  for  identical  assets  or  liabilities  that  the entity  can  access  at  the  measurement  date;
- Level  2  inputs  are  inputs,  other  than  quoted  prices  included  within  Level  1,  that  are  observable  for  the asset  or  liability,  either  directly  or  indirectly;  and
- Level  3  inputs  are  unobservable  inputs  for  the  asset  or  liability.

The significant  accounting  policies  are  set  out  below.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Basis  of  consolidation

The  consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the  Company  and  entities (including  structured  entities)  controlled  by  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries.  Control  is  achieved  when  the Company:

- has  power  over  the  investee;
- is  exposed,  or  has  rights,  to  variable  returns  from  its  involvement  with  the  investee;  and
- has  the  ability  to  use  its  power  to  affect  its  returns.

The  Group  reassesses  whether  or  not  it  controls  an  investee  if  facts  and  circumstances  indicate  that  there  are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

When  the  Group  has  less  than  a  majority  of  the  voting  rights  of  an  investee,  it  has  power  over  the  investee when  the  voting  rights  are  sufficient  to  give  it  the  practical  ability  to  direct  the  relevant  activities  of  the investee  unilaterally.  The  Group  considers  all  relevant  facts  and  circumstances  in  assessing  whether  or  not  the Group's voting  rights  in  an  investee  are  sufficient  to  give  it  power,  including:

- the  size  of  the  Group's  holding  of  voting  rights  relative  to  the  size  and  dispersion  of  holdings  of  the  other vote  holders;
- potential  voting  rights  held  by  the  Group,  other  vote  holders  or  other  parties;
- rights  arising  from  other  contractual  arrangements;  and
- any  additional  facts  and  circumstances  that  indicate  that  the  Group  has,  or  does  not  have,  the  current ability  to  direct  the  relevant  activities  at  the  time  that  decisions  need  to  be  made,  including  voting patterns  at  previous  shareholders'  meetings.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Basis  of  consolidation  -  continued

Consolidation  of  a  subsidiary  begins  when  the  Group  obtains  control  over  the  subsidiary  and  ceases  when  the Group loses control  of  the  subsidiary.  Specifically,  income  and  expenses  of  a  subsidiary  acquired  or  disposed  of during  the  year  are  included  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income from the date the Group gains control until  the  date  when  the  Group  ceases  to  control  the  subsidiary.

Profit  or  loss  and  each  item  of  other  comprehensive  income  are  attributed  to  the  owners  of  the  Company  and to  the  non-controlling  interests.  Total  comprehensive  income  of  subsidiaries  is  attributed  to  the  owners  of  the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results  in  the  non-controlling  interests  having  a  deficit balance.

When  necessary,  adjustments  are  made  to  the  financial  statements  of  subsidiaries  to  bring  their  accounting policies  in  line  with  the  Group's  accounting  policies.

All  intragroup  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash  flows  relating  to  transactions  between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

## Changes in the Group's ownership interests in existing subsidiaries

Changes  in  the  Group's  ownership  interests  in  existing  subsidiaries  that  do  not  result  in  the  Group  losing control  over  the  subsidiaries  are  accounted  for  as  equity  transactions.  The  carrying  amounts  of  the  Group's interests  and  the  non-controlling  interests  are  adjusted  to  reflect  the  changes  in  their  relative  interests  in  the subsidiaries.  Any  difference  between  the  amount  by  which  the  non-controlling  interests  are  adjusted  and  the fair  value  of  the  consideration  paid  or  received  is  recognised  directly  in  equity  and  attributed  to  owners  of  the Company.

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary,  a  gain  or  loss  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  and  is  calculated  as the  difference  between  (i)  the  aggregate  of  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  received  and  the  fair  value  of any  retained  interest  and  (ii)  the  previous  carrying  amount  of  the  assets  (including  goodwill),  and  liabilities  of the  subsidiary  and  any  non-controlling  interests.  All  amounts  previously  recognised  in  other  comprehensive income  in  relation  to  that  subsidiary  are  accounted  for  as  if  the  Group  had  directly  disposed  of  the  related assets  or  liabilities  of  the  subsidiary  (i.e.  reclassified  to  profit  or  loss  or  transferred  to  another  category  of  equity as  specified/permitted  by  applicable  HKFRSs).  The  fair  value  of  any  investment  retained  in  the  former  subsidiary at  the  date  when  control  is  lost  is  regarded  as  the  fair  value  on  initial  recognition  for  subsequent  accounting under  HKFRS  9  or,  when  applicable,  the  cost  on  initial  recognition  of  an  investment  in  an  associate  or  a  joint venture.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Business combinations

Acquisitions  of  businesses  are  accounted  for  using  the  acquisition  method.  The  consideration  transferred  in  a business  combination  is  measured  at  fair  value,  which  is  calculated  as  the  sum  of  the  acquisition-date  fair values  of  the  assets  transferred  by  the  Group,  liabilities  incurred  by  the  Group  to  the  former  owners  of  the acquiree  and  the  equity  interests  issued  by  the  Group  in  exchange  for  control  of  the  acquiree.  Acquisitionrelated  costs  are  generally  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  as  incurred.

At  the  acquisition  date,  the  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  the  liabilities  assumed  are  recognised  at  their  fair value,  except  that:

- -deferred  tax  assets  or  liabilities,  and  assets  or  liabilities  related  to  employee  benefit  arrangements  are recognised  and  measured  in  accordance  with  HKAS  12  'Income  Taxes'  and  HKAS  19  'Employee Benefits'  respectively;
- -liabilities  or  equity  instruments  related  to  share-based  payment  arrangements  of  the  acquiree  or  share-based payment  arrangements  of  the  Group  entered  into  to  replace  share-based  payment  arrangements  of  the acquiree  are  measured  in  accordance  with  HKFRS  2  'Share-based  Payment'  at  the  acquisition  date  (see the  accounting  policy  below);  and
- -assets  (or  disposal  groups)  that  are  classified  as  held  for  sale  in  accordance  with  HKFRS  5  'Non-current Assets  Held  for  Sale  and  Discontinued  Operations'  are  measured  in  accordance  with  that  standard.

Goodwill  is  measured  as  the  excess  of  the  sum  of  the  consideration  transferred,  the  amount  of  any  noncontrolling  interests  in  the  acquiree,  and  the  fair  value  of  the  acquirer's  previously  held  equity  interest  in  the acquiree  (if  any)  over  the  net  of  the  acquisition-date  amounts  of  the  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  the liabilities  assumed.  If,  after  reassessment,  the  net  of  the  acquisition-date  amounts  of  the  identifiable  assets acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  exceeds  the  sum  of  the  consideration  transferred,  the  amount  of  any  noncontrolling  interests  in  the  acquiree  and  the  fair  value  of  the  acquirer's  previously  held  interest  in  the  acquiree (if  any),  the  excess  is  recognised  immediately  in  profit  or  loss  as  a  bargain  purchase  gain.

Non-controlling  interests  that  are  present  ownership  interests  and  entitle  their  holders  to  a  proportionate  share of  the  entity's  net  assets  in  the  event  of  liquidation  may  be  initially  measured  either  at  fair  value  or  at  the  noncontrolling  interests'  proportionate  share  of  the  recognised  amounts  of  the  acquiree's  identifiable  net  assets. The  choice  of  measurement  basis  is  made  on  a  transaction-by-transaction  basis.  Other  types  of  non-controlling interests  are  measured  at  their  fair  value  or,  when  applicable,  on  the  basis  specified  in  another  HKFRS.

When a business  combination  is  achieved  in  stages,  the  Group's  previously  held  equity  interest  in  the  acquiree is  remeasured  to  fair  value  at  the  acquisition  date  (i.e.  the  date  when  the  Group  obtains  control)  and  the resulting  gain  or  loss,  if  any,  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  Amounts  arising  from  interests  in  the  acquiree  prior to  the  acquisition  date  that  have  previously  been  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  are  reclassified  to profit  or  loss  where  such  treatment  would  be  appropriate  if  that  interest  were  disposed  of.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Business combinations - continued

If  the  initial  accounting  for  a  business  combination  is  incomplete  by  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  in  which the  combination  occurs,  the  Group  reports  provisional  amounts  for  the  items  for  which  the  accounting  is incomplete.  Those  provisional  amounts  are  adjusted  during  the  measurement  period,  and  additional  assets  or liabilities  are  recognised,  to  reflect  new  information  obtained  about  facts  and  circumstances  that  existed  at  the acquisition  date  that,  if  known,  would  have  affected  the  amounts  recognised  at  that  date.  Measurement  period adjustments  are  adjustments  that  arise  from  additional  information  obtained  during  the  'measurement  period' (which  cannot  exceed  one  year  from  the  acquisition  date)  about  facts  and  circumstances  that  existed  at  the acquisition  date.

## Goodwill

Goodwill arising  on  an  acquisition  of  a  business  is  carried  at  cost  less  any  accumulated  impairment  losses  and  is presented  separately  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position.

For  the  purposes  of  impairment  testing,  goodwill  arising  from  an  acquisition  is  allocated  to  each  of  the  relevant cash  generating  units  (' CGUs '),  or  groups  of  CGUs,  that  is  expected  to  benefit  from  the  synergies  of  the acquisition,  which  represents  the  lowest  level  at  which  the  goodwill  is  monitored  for  internal  management purposes and not larger than an operating segment. A CGU to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment  annually,  and  whenever  there  is  an  indication  that  the  unit  may  be  impaired.  For  goodwill  arising on  an  acquisition  in  a  financial  year,  the  CGU  to  which  goodwill  has  been  allocated  is  tested  for  impairment before  the  end  of  that  reporting  period.  If  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGU  is  less  than  the  carrying amount of the unit, the impairment loss is allocated to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the  unit  first,  and  then  to  the  other  assets  of  the  unit  pro  rata  on  the  basis  of  the  carrying  amount  of  each asset  in  the  unit.  Any  impairment  loss  for  goodwill  is  recognised  directly  in  profit  or  loss  in  the  consolidated statement of profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income.  An  impairment  loss  for  goodwill  is  not  reversed  in subsequent periods.

On  disposal of the relevant CGU,  the attributable amount  of goodwill capitalised is included in the determination  of  the  amount  of  profit  or  loss  on  disposal.

## Investments in subsidiaries

Investment  in  a  subsidiary  is  accounted  for  in  the  Company's  financial  statements  at  cost  less  any  identified impairment  loss.  Cost  includes  directly  attributable  costs  of  investment.  The  results  of  the  subsidiary  are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Investments in associates and joint ventures

An  associate  is  an  entity  over  which  the  Group  has  significant  influence.  Significant  influence  is  the  power  to participate  in  the  financial  and  operating  policy  decisions  of  the  investee  but  is  not  control  or  joint  control  over those  policies.

A  joint  venture  is  a  joint  arrangement  whereby  the  parties  that  have  joint  control  of  the  arrangement  have rights  to  the  net  assets  of  the  joint  arrangement.  Joint  control  is  the  contractually  agreed  sharing  of  control  of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties  sharing  control.

The  results  and  assets  and  liabilities  of  associates  and  joint  ventures  are  incorporated  in  these  consolidated financial  statements  using  the  equity  method  of  accounting.  The  financial  statements  of  associates  and  joint ventures  used  for  equity  accounting  purposes  are  prepared  using  uniform  accounting  policies  as  those  of  the Group  for  like  transactions  and  events  in  similar  circumstances.  Under  the  equity  method,  an  investment  in  an associate  or  a  joint  venture  is  initially  recognised  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  at  cost  and adjusted  thereafter  to  recognise  the  Group's  share  of  the  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  of  the associate  or  joint  venture.  Changes  in  net  assets  of  the  associate/joint  venture  other  than  profit  or  loss  and other  comprehensive  income  are  not  accounted  for  unless  such  changes  resulted  in  changes  in  ownership interest  held  by  the  Group.  When  the  Group's  share  of  losses  of  an  associate  or  joint  venture  exceeds  the Group's  interest  in  that  associate  or  joint  venture  (which  includes  any  long  term  interests  that,  in  substance, form  part  of  the  Group's  net  investment  in  the  associate  or  joint  venture),  the  Group  discontinues  recognising its  share  of  further  losses.  Additional  losses  are  recognised  only  to  the  extent  that  the  Group  has  incurred  legal or  constructive  obligations  or  made  payments  on  behalf  of  the  associate  or  joint  venture.

An  investment  in  an  associate  or  a  joint  venture  is  accounted  for  using  the  equity  method  from  the  date  on which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in an associate or a  joint  venture,  any  excess  of  the  cost  of  the  investment  over  the  Group's  share  of  the  net  fair  value  of  the identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  investee  is  recognised  as  goodwill,  which  is  included  within  the  carrying amount of the  investment.  Any  excess  of  the  Group's  share  of  the  net  fair  value  of  the  identifiable  assets  and liabilities  over  the  cost  of  the  investment,  after  reassessment,  is  recognised  immediately  in  profit  or  loss  in  the period  in  which  the  investment  is  acquired.

The  Group  assesses  whether  there  is  an  objective  evidence  that  the  interest  in  an  associate  or  a  joint  venture may  be  impaired.  When  any  objective  evidence  exists,  the  entire  carrying  amount  of  the  investment  (including goodwill)  is  tested  for  impairment  in  accordance  with  HKAS  36  as  a  single  asset  by  comparing  its  recoverable amount  (higher  of  value  in  use  and  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal)  with  its  carrying  amount.  Any  impairment loss  recognised  is  not  allocated  to  any  asset,  including  goodwill,  that  forms  part  of  the  carrying  amount  of  the investment.  Any  reversal  of  that  impairment  loss  is  recognised  in  accordance  with  HKAS  36  to  the  extent  that the  recoverable  amount  of  the  investment  subsequently  increases.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Investments in associates and joint ventures - continued

When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint venture, it  is accounted for  as  a  disposal  of  the  entire  interest  in  the  investee  with  a  resulting  gain  or  loss  being  recognised in  profit  or  loss.  When  the  Group  retains  an  interest  in  the  former  associate  or  joint  venture  and  the  retained interest  is  a  financial  asset  within  the  scope  of  HKFRS  9,  the  Group  measures  the  retained  interest  at  fair  value at  that  date  and  the  fair  value  is  regarded  as  its  fair  value  on  initial  recognition.  The  difference  between  the carrying  amount  of  the  associate  or  joint  venture  and  the  fair  value  of  any  retained  interest  and  any  proceeds from  disposing  the  relevant  interest  in  the  associate  or  joint  venture  is  included  in  the  determination  of  the gain  or  loss  on  disposal  of  the  associate  or  joint  venture.  In  addition,  the  Group  accounts  for  all  amounts previously  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  in  relation  to  that  associate  or  joint  venture  on  the  same basis  as  would  be  required  if  that  associate  or  joint  venture  had  directly  disposed  of  the  related  assets  or liabilities.  Therefore,  if  a  gain  or  loss  previously  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  by  that  associate  or joint  venture  would  be  reclassified  to  profit  or  loss  on  the  disposal  of  the  related  assets  or  liabilities,  the  Group reclassifies  the  gain  or  loss  from  equity  to  profit  or  loss  (as  a  reclassification  adjustment)  upon  disposal/partial disposal  of  the  relevant  associate  or  joint  venture.

The  Group  continues  to  use  the  equity  method  when  an  investment  in  an  associate  becomes  an  investment  in a  joint  venture  or  an  investment  in  a  joint  venture  becomes  an  investment  in  an  associate.  There  is  no remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.

When the  Group  reduces  its  ownership  interest  in  an  associate  or  a  joint  venture  but  the  Group  continues  to use  the  equity  method,  the  Group  reclassifies  to  profit  or  loss  the  proportion  of  the  gain  or  loss  that  had previously  been  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  relating  to  that  reduction  in  ownership  interest  if that  gain  or  loss  would  be  reclassified  to  profit  or  loss  on  the  disposal  of  the  related  assets  or  liabilities.

When  a  group  entity  transacts  with  an  associate  or  a  joint  venture  of  the  Group,  profits  and  losses  resulting from  the  transactions  with  the  associate  or  joint  venture  are  recognised  in  the  Group's  consolidated  financial statements  only  to  the  extent  of  interests  in  the  associate  or  joint  venture  that  are  not  related  to  the  Group.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Revenue recognition

The  Group  recognises  revenue  when  (or  as)  a  performance  obligation  is  satisfied,  i.e.  when  'control'  of  the goods or services  underlying  the  particular  performance  obligation  is  transferred  to  the  customer.

A  performance  obligation  represents  goods  or  service  (or  a  bundle  of  goods  or  services)  that  is  distinct  or  a series  of  distinct  goods  or  services  that  are  substantially  the  same.

Control  is  transferred  over  time  and  revenue  is  recognised  over  time  by  reference  to  the  progress  towards complete satisfaction  of  the  relevant  performance  obligation  if  one  of  the  following  criteria  is  met:

- the  customer  simultaneously  receives  and  consumes  the  benefits  provided  by  the  Group's  performance  as the  Group  performs;
- the  Group's  performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or
- the  Group's  performance  does  not  create  an  asset  with  an  alternative  use  to  the  Group  and  the  Group has  an  enforceable  right  to  payment  for  performance  completed  to  date.

Otherwise,  revenue  is  recognised  at  a  point  in  time  when  the  customer  obtains  control  of  the  distinct  goods  or service.

A contract  asset  represents  the  Group's  right  to  consideration  in  exchange  for  goods  or  services  that  the  Group has  transferred  to  a  customer  that  is  not  yet  unconditional.  It  is  assessed  for  impairment  in  accordance  with HKFRS  9.  In  contrast,  a  receivable  represents  the  Group's  unconditional  right  to  consideration,  i.e.  only  the passage of time is  required  before  payment  of  that  consideration  is  due.

A  contract  liability  represents  the  Group's  obligation  to  transfer  goods  or  services  to  a  customer  for  which  the Group has received consideration (or  an  amount  of  consideration  is  due)  from  the  customer.

A contract  asset  and  a  contract  liability  relating  to  a  contract  are  accounted  for  and  presented  on  a  net  basis.

## Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)

For  contracts  that  contain  more  than  one  performance  obligations,  the  Group  allocates  the  transaction  price  to each  performance  obligation  on  a  relative  stand-alone  selling  price  basis,  except  for  the  allocation  of  discounts and variable  consideration.

The  stand-alone  selling  price  of  the  distinct  goods  or  service  underlying  each  performance  obligation  is determined  at  contract  inception.  It  represents  the  price  at  which  the  Group  would  sell  promised  goods  or service  separately  to  a  customer.  If  a  stand-alone  selling  price  is  not  directly  observable,  the  Group  estimates  it using  appropriate  techniques  such  that  the  transaction  price  ultimately  allocated  to  any  performance  obligation reflects  the  amount  of  consideration  to  which  the  Group  expects  to  be  entitled  in  exchange  for  transferring  the promised goods or services to  the  customer.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Revenue recognition - continued

## Output method

The  progress  towards  complete  satisfaction  of  a  performance  obligation  is  measured  based  on  output  method, which  is  to  recognise  revenue  on  the  basis  of  direct  measurements  of  the  value  of  the  goods  or  services transferred  to  the  customer  to  date  relative  to  the  remaining  goods  or  services  promised  under  the  contract, that  best  depict  the  Group's  performance  in  transferring  control  of  goods  or  services.

## Property, plant and equipment

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated  depreciation  and  any  identified  impairment losses.

Depreciation  is  recognised  so  as  to  write  off  the  cost  of  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  over  their estimated  useful  lives  and  after  taking  into  account  their  estimated  residual  value,  using  the  straight-line method. The principal  annual  rates  are  as  follows:

| Leasehold  land  and  buildings  3%-5% or over the lease term but limited to 15 years  Furniture,  fixtures  and  equipment  7%-31%  Plant  and  machinery  3%-12%  Leasehold  improvement  Over the lease  term  Motor vehicles  6%-20%  Computer equipment  20%-25%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An item of property,  plant  and  equipment  is  derecognised  upon  disposal  or  when  no  future  economic  benefits are  expected  to  arise  from  the  continued  use  of  the  asset.  Any  gain  or  loss  arising  on  the  disposal  or retirement  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is  determined  as  the  difference  between  the  net disposal  proceeds  and  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  and  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.

## Inventories

Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  Cost  is  calculated  using  the  weightedaverage  method.  Net  realisable  value  represents  the  estimated  selling  price  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business less  estimated  costs  to  completion  and  the  estimated  costs  necessary  to  make  the  sales.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Leases

## Definition of a lease

A contract  is,  or  contains,  a  lease  if  the  contract  conveys  the  right  to  control  the  use  of  an  identified  asset  for a  period  of  time  in  exchange  for  consideration.

For  contracts  entered  into  or  modified  or  arising  from  business  combinations  on  or  after  the  date  of  initial application,  the  Group  assesses  whether  a  contract  is  or  contains  a  lease  based  on  the  definition  under  HKFRS 16  at  inception,  modification  date  or  acquisition  date,  as  appropriate.  Such  contract  will  not  be  reassessed unless  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  contact  are  subsequently  changed.

## The Group as a lessee

## Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

For  a  contact  that  contains  a  lease  component  and  one  or  more  additional  lease  or  non-lease  components,  the Group  allocates  the  consideration  in  the  contract  to  each  lease  component  on  the  basis  of  the  relative stand-alone  price  of  the  lease  component  and  the  aggregate  stand-alone  price  of  the  non-lease  components.

As  a  practical  expedient,  leases  with  similar  characteristics  are  accounted  on  a  portfolio  basis  when  the  Group reasonably  expects  that  the  effects  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements  would  not  differ  materially  from individual  leases  within  the  portfolio.

## Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition  exemption  to  leases  of  properties  that  have  a  lease  term  of 12  months  or  less  from  the  commencement  date  and  do  not  contain  a  purchase  option.  It  also  applies  the recognition  exemption  for  lease  of  low-value  assets.  Lease  payments  on  short-term  leases  and  leases  of low-value  assets  are  recognised  as  expense  on  a  straight-line  basis  or  another  systematic  basis  over  the  lease term.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Leases - continued

## The Group as a lessee - continued

## Right-of-use assets

The cost  of  right-of-use  asset  includes:

- the  amount  of  the  initial  measurement  of  the  lease  liability;
- any  lease  payments  made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date,  less  any  lease  incentives  received;
- any  initial  direct  costs  incurred  by  the  Group;  and
- an  estimate  of  costs  to  be  incurred  by  the  Group  in  dismantling  and  removing  the  underlying  assets, restoring  the  site  on  which  it  is  located  or  restoring  the  underlying  asset  to  the  condition  required  by  the terms  and  conditions  of  the  lease.

Right-of-use  assets  are  measured  at  cost,  less  any  accumulated  depreciation  and  impairment  losses,  and adjusted  for  any  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities.

Right-of-use  assets  in  which  the  Group  is  reasonably  certain  to  obtain  ownership  of  the  underlying  leased  assets at  the  end  of  the  lease  term  are  depreciated  from  commencement  date  to  the  end  of  the  useful  life. Otherwise, right-of-use  assets  are  depreciated  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  shorter  of  its  estimated  useful  life and the lease  term.

The  Group  presents  right-of-use  assets  as  a  separate  line  item  on  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial position.

## Refundable rental deposit

Refundable  rental  deposit  paid  are  accounted  under  HKFRS  9  and  initially  measured  at  fair  value.  Adjustments to  fair  value  at  initial  recognition  are  considered  as  additional  lease  payments  and  included  in  the  cost  of right-of  use  assets.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Leases - continued

## The Group as a lessee - continued

## Lease liabilities

At  the  commencement  date  of  a  lease,  the  Group  recognises  and  measures  the  lease  liability  at  the  present value  of  lease  payments  that  are  unpaid  at  that  date.  In  calculating  the  present  value  of  lease  payments,  the Group uses the  incremental  borrowing  rate  at  the  lease  commencement  date  if  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  the lease  is  not  readily  determinable.

The lease  payments  include:

- fixed  payments  (including  in-substance  fixed  payments)  less  any  lease  incentives  receivable;
- variable  lease  payments  that  depend  on  an  index  or  a  rate,  initially  measured  using  the  index  or  rate  as at  the  commencement date;
- amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual values guarantees;
- the  exercise  price  of  a  purchase  option  if  the  Group  is  reasonably  certain  to  exercise  the  option;  and
- payments of penalties for  terminating  a  lease,  if  the  lease  term  reflects  the  Group  exercising  an  option  to terminate  the  lease.

After  the  commencement date, lease  liabilities  are  adjusted  by  interest  accretion  and  lease  payments.

The Group presents lease liabilities  as  a  separate  line  item  on  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position.

## Refundable rental deposits

Refundable  rental  deposits  received  are  accounted  for  under  HKFRS  9  and  initially  measured  at  fair  value. Adjustments to fair  value  at  initial  recognition  are  considered  as  additional  lease  payments  from  lessees.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Impairment loss on tangible and intangible assets (other than goodwill)

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  reviews  the  carrying  amounts  of  its  tangible  and  intangible assets  to  determine  whether  there  is  any  indication  that  those  assets  have  suffered  an  impairment  loss.  If  any such  indication  exists,  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  asset  is  estimated  in  order  to  determine  the  extent  of  the impairment loss,  if  any.

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair  value  less  costs  to  sell  and  value  in  use.  In  assessing  value  in  use,  the estimated  future  cash  flows  are  discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a  pre-tax  discount  rate  that  reflects current  market  assessments  of  the  time  value  of  money  and  the  risks  specific  to  the  asset  for  which  the estimates  of  future  cash  flows  have  not  been  adjusted.  If  the  recoverable  amount  of  an  asset  is  estimated  to  be less  than  its  carrying  amount,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  is  reduced  to  its  recoverable  amount.  An impairment loss  is  recognised  as  an  expense  immediately  in  profit  or  loss.

Where  an  impairment  loss  subsequently  reverses,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  is  increased  to  the  revised estimate  of  its  recoverable  amount,  but  so  that  the  increased  carrying  amount  does  not  exceed  the  carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal  of  an  impairment  loss  is  recognised  as  income  immediately.

## Intangible assets

Intangible  assets  acquired  separately  are  capitalised  at  cost  and  those  acquired  from  a  business  combination  are capitalised  at  fair  value  as  at  the  date  of  acquisition.  Following  initial  recognition,  the  cost  model  is  applied  to the  class  of  intangible  assets.  Intangible  assets,  excluding  development  costs,  created  within  the  business  are not  capitalised  and  expenditure  is  charged  against  the  profit  or  loss  in  the  year  in  which  the  expenditure  is incurred.

Useful  lives  of  acquired  intangible  assets  are  assessed  to  be  either  finite  or  indefinite.  Intangible  assets  with finite  useful  lives  are  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated  amortization  and  any  accumulated  impairment  losses. Intangible  assets  with  indefinite  useful  lives  are  stated  at  cost  less  any  subsequent  accumulated  impairment losses.

Amortization for  intangible  assets  with  finite  useful  lives  is  provided  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  their  estimated useful  lives.

Intangible  assets  are  tested  for  impairment  annually  either  individually  or  at  the  CGU  level.  Useful  lives  are  also examined on an annual basis and, where applicable, adjustments are made on a prospective basis.

As  intangible  asset  is  derecognised  on  disposal  or  no  future  economic  benefits  are  expected  from  its  use  or disposal.  The  gain  or  loss  arising  from  the  derecognition  of  the  intangible  asset,  calculated  as  the  difference between  the  net  disposal  proceeds  and  the  carrying  amount  of  the  intangible  asset,  is  recognised  in  the consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  in  the  year  the  intangible  asset  is derecognised.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Intangible assets - continued

## Computer software

Costs  incurred  on  the  acquisition  of  computer  software  are  capitalised  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial position  at  cost  less  amortisation  and  any  identified  impairment  losses.

## Research and development expenditures

Expenditure  on  research  activities  is  recognised  as  an  expense  in  the  period  in  which  it  is  incurred.

An  internally  generated  intangible  asset  arising  from  development  expenditure  is  recognised  only  if  it  is anticipated  that  the  development  costs  incurred  on  a  clearly  defined  project  will  be  recovered  through  future commercial activity.

Where no internally generated intangible asset can be recognised, development cost is charged to profit or loss in  the  year  in  which  it  is  incurred.

## Service  contracts

Acquired service  contracts  are  stated  at  cost  less  amortisation  and  any  identified  impairment  losses.

## Intellectual  property  right

Acquired intellectual  property  right  are  stated  at  cost  less  amortisation  and  any  identified  impairment  losses.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The  tax  currently  payable  is  based  on  taxable  profit  for  the  year.  Taxable  profit  differs  from  profit  as  reported in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  because  it  excludes  items  of income  or  expense  that  are  taxable  or  deductible  in  other  years  and  it  further  excludes  items  that  are  never taxable  or  deductible.  The  Group's  liability  for  current  tax  is  calculated  using  tax  rates  that  have  been  enacted or  substantively  enacted  by  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.

Deferred  tax  is  the  tax  expected  to  be  payable  or  recoverable  on  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  corresponding  tax  bases  used in  the  computation  of  taxable  profit.  Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  generally  recognised  for  all  taxable  temporary differences,  and  deferred  tax  assets  are  recognised  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  taxable  profits  will  be available  against  which  deductible  temporary  differences  can  be  utilised.  Such  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities are  not  recognised  if  the  temporary  difference  arises  from  goodwill  or  from  the  initial  recognition  (other  than  in a  business  combination)  of  other  assets  and  liabilities  in  a  transaction  that  affects  neither  the  taxable  profit  nor the  accounting  profit.

The  carrying  amount  of  deferred  tax  assets  is  reviewed  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  and  reduced  to  the extent  that  it  is  no  longer  probable  that  sufficient  taxable  profits  will  be  available  to  allow  all  or  part  of  the asset  to  be  recovered.

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  for  taxable  temporary  differences  arising  on  investments  in  subsidiaries, and  interests  in  associates  and  joint  ventures,  except  where  the  Group  is  able  to  control  the  reversal  of  the temporary difference  and  it  is  probable  that  the  temporary  difference  will  not  reverse  in  the  foreseeable  future. Deferred  tax  assets  arising  from  deductible  temporary  differences  associated  with  such  investments  and  interests are  only  recognised  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  there  will  be  sufficient  taxable  profits  against  which  to utilize  the  benefits  of  the  temporary  differences  and  they  are  expected  to  reverse  in  the  foreseeable  future.

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  measured  at  the  tax  rates  that  are  expected  to  apply  in  the  period  in which  the  liability  is  settled  or  the  asset  realised,  based  on  tax  rate  (and  tax  laws)  that  have  been  enacted  or substantively  enacted  by  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  The  measurement  of  deferred  tax  liabilities  and  assets reflects  the  tax  consequences  that  would  follow  from  the  manner  in  which  the  Group  expects,  at  the  end  of the  reporting  period,  to  recover  or  settle  the  carrying  amount  of  its  assets  and  liabilities.  Deferred  tax  is recognised  in  profit  or  loss,  except  when  it  relates  to  items  that  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income or  directly  to  equity,  in  which  case  the  deferred  tax  is  also  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  or directly  in  equity  respectively.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Foreign currencies

In  preparing  the  financial  statements  of  each  individual  group  entity,  transactions  in  currencies  other  than  the functional  currency  of  that  entity  (foreign  currencies)  are  recorded  in  its  functional  currency  (i.e.  the  currency  of the  primary  economic  environment  in  which  the  entity  operates)  at  the  exchange  rates  prevailing  on  the  dates of  the  transactions.  At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  monetary  items  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are retranslated  at  the  rates  prevailing  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  Non-monetary  items  carried  at  fair  value that  are  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are  retranslated  at  the  rates  prevailing  on  the  date  when  the  fair value  was  determined.  Non-monetary  items  that  are  measured  in  terms  of  historical  cost  in  a  foreign  currency are  not  retranslated.

Exchange  differences  arising  on  the  settlement  of  monetary  items,  and  on  the  retranslation  of  monetary  items, are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which  they  arise.  Exchange  differences  arising  on  the retranslation  of  non-monetary  items  carried  at  fair  value  are  included  in  profit  or  loss  for  the  period.

For  the  purposes  of  presenting  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Group's foreign  operations  are  translated  into  the  presentation  currency  of  the  Group  (i.e.  Hong  Kong  dollars)  at  the rate  of  exchange  prevailing  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  and  their  income  and  expenses  are  translated  at the  average  exchange  rates  for  the  year,  unless  exchange  rates  fluctuate  significantly  during  the  period,  in which case,  the  exchange  rates  prevailing  at  the  dates  of  transactions  are  used.  Exchange  differences  arising,  if any,  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  and  accumulated  in  equity  (the  translation  reserve).  Such exchange  differences  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which  the  foreign  operation  is  disposed of.

Goodwill  and  fair  value  adjustments  on  identifiable  assets  acquired  arising  on  the  acquisition  of  a  foreign operation  on  or  after  1  July  2005  are  treated  as  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  foreign  operation  and  translated  at the  rate  of  exchange  prevailing  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  Exchange  differences  arising  are  recognised in  the  translation  reserve.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Cash and cash equivalents

Cash  and  cash  equivalents  comprise  cash  at  bank  and  on  hand,  demand  deposits  with  banks  and  other financial  institutions,  and  short-term,  highly  liquid  investments  that  are  readily  convertible  into  known  amounts of  cash  and  which  are  subject  to  an  insignificant  risk  of  changes  in  value,  having  been  within  three  months  of maturity  at  acquisition.

## Provisions  and  contingent  liabilities

Provisions are recognised  for liabilities  of  uncertain  timing  or  amount  when  the  Group  has  a  legal  or constructive  obligation  arising  as  a  result  of  a  past  event,  it  is  probable  that  an  outflow  of  economic  benefits will  be  required  to  settle  the  obligation  and  a  reliable  estimate  can  be  made.  Where  the  time  value  of  money is  material,  provisions  are  stated  at  the  present  value  of  the  expenditure  expected  to  settle  the  obligation.

Where  it  is  not  probable  that  an  outflow  of  economic  benefits  will  be  required,  or  the  amount  cannot  be estimated  reliably,  the  obligation  is  disclosed  as  a  contingent  liability,  unless  the  probability  of  outflow  of economic benefits  is  remote.  Possible  obligations,  whose  existence  will  only  be  confirmed  by  the  occurrence  or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities  unless  the  probability  of outflow of  economic  benefits  is  remote.

## Employee benefits

## (a) Retirement benefits schemes

The  Group  operates  a  defined  contribution  MPF  Scheme  under  the  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Schemes Ordinance for those employees who are eligible to participate in the MPF Scheme. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees' basic salaries and are charged to the consolidated statement of profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  as  they  become  payable  in  accordance  with  the  rules  of the  MPF  Scheme.  The  assets  of  the  MPF  Scheme  are  held  separately  from  those  of  the  Group  in  an independently administered fund. The Group's employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed  into  the  MPF  Scheme.

The  employees  of  the  Group's  subsidiaries  that  operated  in  the  PRC  are  required  to  participate  in  a central  pension  scheme  operated  by  the  local  municipal  government.  These  subsidiaries  are  required  to contribute  pension,  based  on  a  certain  percentage  of  their  payroll  costs,  to  the  pension  schemes.  The contributions  are  charged  to  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  as they  become payable in  accordance  with  the  rules  of  the  pension  schemes.

## (b) Share option schemes

The  Company  operates  share  option  schemes  for  the  purpose  of  providing  incentives  and  rewards  to eligible  participants  who,  in  the  sole  discretion  of  the  Board,  have  contributed  or  may  contribute  to  the Group.  Upon  the  exercise  of  share  options,  the  resulting  shares  issued  are  recorded  by  the  Company  as additional  share  capital  at  the  nominal  value  of  the  shares,  and  the  excess  of  the  exercise  price  per  share over  the  nominal  value  of  the  shares  is  recorded  by  the  Company  in  the  share  premium  account.  Options which  are  cancelled  prior  to  their  exercise  date,  or  which  lapse,  are  deleted  from  the  register  of outstanding  options.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Employee benefits - continued

## (b) Share option schemes - continued

For  grants  of  share  options  that  are  conditional  upon  satisfying  specified  vesting  conditions,  the  fair  value of  services  received  is  determined  by  reference  to  the  fair  value  of  share  options  granted  at  the  date  of grant  and  is  expensed  on  straight-line  basis  over  the  vesting  period,  with  a  corresponding  increase  in equity  (share  option  reserve).

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  revises  its  estimates  of  the  number  of  options  that  are expected  to  ultimately  vest.  The  impact  of  the  revision  of  the  original  estimates,  if  any,  is  recognised  in profit  or  loss  such  that  the  cumulative  expense  reflects  the  revised  estimate,  with  a  corresponding adjustment to share option reserve.

For  share  options  that  vest  immediately  at  the  date  of  grant,  the  fair  value  of  the  share  options  granted is  expensed  immediately  to  profit  or  loss.

When  share  options  are  exercised,  the  amount  previously  recognised  in  share  option  reserve  will  be transferred  to  share  premium.  When  share  options  are  forfeited  after  the  vesting  date  or  are  still  not exercised  at  the  expiry  date,  the  amount  previously  recognised  in  share  option  reserve  will  be  transferred to  accumulated  losses.

## (c) Share award scheme

The  Group  also  grants  employees  and  consultants  (but  not  directors)  shares  of  the  Company  at  nil consideration  under  its  share  award  scheme.  Under  the  share  award  scheme,  the  awarded  shares  are newly issued at  par  value.  The  fair  value  of  the  employees'  and  consultants'  services  received  in  exchange for  the  grant  of  shares  newly  issued  is  recognised  as  staff  costs  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or loss and other comprehensive  income  with a corresponding increase in an employee  share-based compensation reserve under equity.

## Dividends

Dividends proposed or declared after the date of the reporting period is not recognized as a liability  at  the  date of  the  reporting  period.

## Segment reporting

Operating  segments  are  reported  in  a  manner  consistent  with  the  internal  reporting  provided  to  the  chief operating  decision-maker.  The  chief  operating  decision-maker,  who  is  responsible  for  allocating  resources  and assessing  performance  of  the  operating  segments,  has  been  identified  as  the  Executive  Directors  that  make strategic  decisions.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing  costs  are  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition,  construction  or  production  of  qualifying  asset  that necessarily  take  a  substantial  period  of  time  to  get  ready  for  its  intended  use  or  sale  are  capitalised  as  part  of the  costs  of  that  asset.  Capitalisation  of  such  borrowing  costs  ceases  when  the  assets  are  substantially  ready  for their  intended  use  or  sale.  Investment  income  earned  on  the  temporary  investment  of  specific  borrowings pending their  expenditure  on  qualifying  assets  is  deducted  from  the  borrowing  costs  eligible  for  capitalisation.

All  other  borrowing  costs  are  charged  to  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive income in the year in  which  they  are  incurred.

## Related parties

- (a) A person or a close  member of that person's family  is  related  to  the  Group  if  that  person:
- (i) has  control  or  joint  control  over  the  Group;
- (ii) has  significant  influence  over  the  Group;  or
- (iii) is  a  member  of  the  key  management  personnel  of  the  Group  or  a  parent  of  the  Group.
- (b) An entity  is  related  to  Group  if  any  of  the  following  conditions  applies:
- (i) The entity  and  the  Group  are  members  of  the  same  group  (which  means  that  each  parent,  subsidiary and fellow  subsidiary  is  related  to  the  others);
- (ii) One entity  is  an  associate  or  joint  venture  of  the  other  entity  (or  an  associate  or  joint  venture  of  a member of a group of which the other entity is a member);
- (iii) Both entities  are  joint  ventures  of  the  same  third  party;
- (iv) One entity is  a  joint  venture  of  a  third  entity  and  the  other  entity  is  an  associate  of  the  third  entity;
- (v) The entity  is  a  post-employment  benefit  plan  for  the  benefit  of  employees  of  either  the  Group  or  an entity  related  to  the  Group;
- (vi) The entity  is  controlled  or  jointly  controlled  by  a  person  identified  in  (a);  or
- (vii) A  person  identified  in  (a)(i)  has  significant  influence  over  the  entity  or  is  a  member  of  the  key management personnel of the Group (or of a parent of the entity).

Close  family  members  of  a  person  are  those  family  members  who  may  be  expected  to  influence,  or  be influenced  by,  that  person  in  their  dealings  with  the  entity.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Financial  instruments

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  recognised  when  a  group  entity  becomes  a  party  to  the  contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way  purchases  or  sales of financial assets  are  recognised  and derecognised  on  a  trade  date  basis.  Regular  way  purchases  or  sales  are  purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets that  require  delivery  of  assets  within  the  time  frame  established  by  regulation  or  convention  in  the  market place.

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value  except  for  trade  receivables  arising from contracts with customers which are initially  measured  in  accordance  with  HKFRS  15.  Transaction  costs  that are  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  or  issue  of  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  (other  than  financial assets  or  financial  liabilities  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss)  are  added  to  or  deducted  from  the  fair  value  of the  financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate,  on  initial  recognition.  Transaction  costs  directly attributable  to  the  acquisition  of  financial  assets  or  financial  liabilities  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  are recognised  immediately  in  profit  or  loss.

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of  calculating  the  amortised  cost  of  a  financial  asset  or  financial liability  and  of  allocating  interest  income  and  interest  expense  over  the  relevant  period.  The  effective  interest rate  is  the  rate  that  exactly  discounts  estimated  future  cash  receipts  and  payments  (including  all  fees  and  points paid  or  received  that  form  an  integral  part  of  the  effective  interest  rate,  transaction  costs  and  other  premiums or  discounts)  through  the  expected  life  of  the  financial  asset  or  financial  liability,  or,  where  appropriate,  a shorter  period,  to  the  net  carrying  amount  on  initial  recognition.

Interest  income  which  is  derived  from  the  Group's  ordinary  course  of  business  are  presented  as  other  income.

## Financial  assets

## Classification  and  subsequent  measurement of financial assets

Financial  assets  that  meet  the  following  conditions  are  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost:

- the  financial  asset  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose  objective  is  to  collect  contractual  cash  flows;  and
- the  contractual  terms  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments  of  principal  and interest  on  the  principal  amount  outstanding.

Financial  assets  that  meet  the  following  conditions  are  subsequently  measured  at  FVTOCI:

- the  financial  asset  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose  objective  is  achieved  by  both  collecting  contractual cash  flows  and  selling;  and
- the  contractual  terms  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments  of  principal  and interest  on  the  principal  amount  outstanding.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Financial  instruments  -  continued

## Financial  assets  -  continued

## Classification  and  subsequent  measurement of financial assets - continued

All  other  financial  assets  are  subsequently  measured  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  (' FVTPL '),  except  that at  the  date  of  initial  application/initial  recognition  of  a  financial  asset  the  Group  may  irrevocably  elect  to present  subsequent  changes  in  fair  value  of  an  equity  investment  in  other  comprehensive  income  if  that  equity investment  is  neither  held  for  trading  nor  contingent  consideration  recognised  by  an  acquirer  in  a  business combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

In  addition,  the  Group  may  irrevocably  designate  a  financial  asset  that  are  required  to  be  measured  at  the amortised  cost  or  FVTOCI  as  measured  at  FVTPL  if  doing  so  eliminates  or  significantly  reduces  an  accounting mismatch.

## Amortised cost and interest income

Interest  income  is  recognised  using  the  effective  interest  method  for  financial  assets  measured  subsequently  at amortised cost.  Interest  income  is  calculated  by  applying  the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  gross  carrying  amount of  a  financial  asset,  except  for  financial  assets  that  have  subsequently  become  credit-impaired  (see  below).  For financial  assets  that  have  subsequently  become  credit-impaired,  interest  income  is  recognised  by  applying  the effective  interest  rate  to  the  amortised  cost  of  the  financial  asset  from  the  next  reporting  period.  If  the  credit risk  on  the  credit-impaired  financial  instrument  improves  so  that  the  financial  asset  is  no  longer  credit-impaired, interest  income  is  recognised  by  applying  the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  the financial  asset  from  the  beginning  of  the  reporting  period  following  the  determination  that  the  asset  is  no longer  credit-impaired.

## Impairment of financial assets

The  Group  recognises  a  loss  allowance  for  expected  credit  losses  (' ECL ')  on  financial  assets  which  are  subject to  impairment  under  HKFRS  9  (including  trade  and  other  receivables,  and  bank  balances).  The  amount  of  ECL  is updated at each reporting date to reflect  changes  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition.

Lifetime  ECL  represents  the  ECL  that  will  result  from  all  possible  default  events  over  the  expected  life  of  the relevant  instrument.  In  contrast,  12-month  ECL  (' 12m  ECL ')  represents  the  portion  of  lifetime  ECL  that  is expected to result  from  default  events  that  are  possible  within  12  months  after  the  reporting  date.  Assessment are  done  based  on  the  Group's  historical  credit  loss  experience,  adjusted  for  factors  that  are  specific  to  the debtors,  general  economic  conditions  and  an  assessment  of  both  the  current  conditions  at  the  reporting  date  as well  as  the  forecast  of  future  conditions.

The  Group  always  recognises  lifetime ECL  for trade receivables. The  ECL  on  these  assets are assessed individually  for  debtors  with  significant  balances  and  collectively  using  a  provision  matrix  with  appropriate groupings.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Financial  instruments  -  continued

## Financial  assets  -  continued

## Impairment of financial assets - continued

For  all  other  instruments,  the  Group  measures  the  loss  allowance  equal  to  12m  ECL,  unless  when  there  has been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition,  the  Group  recognises  lifetime  ECL.  The assessment  of  whether  lifetime  ECL  should  be  recognised  is  based  on  significant  increases  in  the  likelihood  or risk  of  a  default  occurring  since  initial  recognition.

## (i) Significant  increase  in  credit  risk

In assessing whether  the  credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition,  the  Group compares the risk of a default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the  reporting  date  with  the  risk of  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the  date  of  initial  recognition.  In  making  this assessment,  the  Group  considers  both  quantitative  and  qualitative  information  that  is  reasonable  and supportable,  including  historical  experience  and  forward-looking  information  that  is  available  without undue cost or effort.

In  particular,  the  following  information  is  taken  into  account  when  assessing  whether  credit  risk  has increased  significantly:

- an  actual  or  expected  significant  deterioration  in  the  financial  instrument's  external  (if  available)  or internal  credit  rating;
- significant  deterioration  in  external  market  indicators  of  credit  risk,  e.g.  a  significant  increase  in  the credit  spread,  the  credit  default  swap  prices  for  the  debtor;
- existing  or  forecast  adverse  changes  in  business,  financial  or  economic  conditions  that  are  expected to  cause  a  significant  decrease  in  the  debtor's  ability  to  meet  its  debt  obligations;
- an  actual  or  expected  significant  deterioration  in  the  operating  results  of  the  debtor;
- an  actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  change  in  the  regulatory,  economic,  or  technological environment  of  the  debtor  that  results  in  a  significant  decrease  in  the  debtor's  ability  to  meet  its debt  obligations.

Irrespective  of  the  outcome  of  the  above  assessment,  the  Group  presumes  that  the  credit  risk  has increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  when  contractual  payments  are  more  than  30  days  past due,  unless  the  Group  has  reasonable  and  supportable  information  that  demonstrates  otherwise.

The  Group  regularly  monitors  the  effectiveness  of  the  criteria  used  to  identify  whether  there  has  been  a significant  increase  in  credit  risk  and  revises  them  as  appropriate  to  ensure  that  the  criteria  are  capable  of identifying  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  before  the  amount  becomes  past  due.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Financial  instruments  -  continued

## Financial  assets  -  continued

## Impairment of financial assets - continued

## (ii) Definition  of  default

For  internal  credit  risk  management,  the  Group  considers  an  event  of  default  occurs  when  information developed  internally  or  obtained  from  external  sources  indicates  that  the  debtor  is  unlikely  to  pay  its creditors,  including  the  Group,  in  full  (without  taking  into  account  any  collaterals  held  by  the  Group).

Irrespective  of  the  above,  the  Group  considers  that  default  has  occurred  when  a  financial  asset  is  more than  90  days  past  due  unless  the  Group  has  reasonable  and  supportable  information  to  demonstrate  that a  more  lagging  default  criterion  is  more  appropriate.

## (iii) Credit-impaired  financial  assets

A financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  when  one  or  more  events  of  default  that  have  a  detrimental  impact  on the  estimated  future  cash  flows  of  that  financial  asset  have  occurred.  Evidence  that  a  financial  asset  is credit-impaired  includes  observable  data  about  the  following  events:

- significant  financial  difficulty  of  the  issuer  or  the  borrower;
- a  breach  of  contract,  such  as  a  default  or  past  due  event;
- the  lender(s)  of  the  borrower,  for  economic  or  contractual  reasons  relating  to  the  borrower's  financial difficulty,  having  granted  to  the  borrower  a  concession(s)  that  the  lender(s)  would  not  otherwise consider;
- it  is  becoming  probable  that  the  borrower  will  enter  bankruptcy  or  other  financial  reorganisation.

## (iv) Write-off  policy

The  Group  writes  off  a  financial  asset  when  there  is  information  indicating  that  the  counterparty  is  in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when  the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of  trade  receivables,  when  the  amounts  are  over  one  year  past  due,  whichever  occurs  sooner.  Financial assets  written  off  may  still  be  subject  to  enforcement  activities  under  the  Group's  recovery  procedures, taking  into  account  legal  advice  where  appropriate.  A  write-off  constitutes  a  derecognition  event.  Any subsequent recoveries  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Financial  instruments  -  continued

## Financial  assets  -  continued

## Impairment of financial assets - continued

## (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL

The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss  given  default  (i.e.  the  magnitude of  the  loss  if  there  is  a  default)  and  the  exposure  at  default.  The  assessment  of  the  probability  of  default and  loss  given  default  is  based  on  historical  data  adjusted  by  forward-looking  information.  Estimation  of ECL reflects  an  unbiased  and  probability  weighted  amount  that  is  determined  with  the  respective  risks  of default  occurring  as  the  weights.

Generally,  the  ECL  is  the  difference  between  all  contractual  cash  flows  that  are  due  to  the  Group  in accordance  with  the  contract  and  the  cash  flows  that  the  Group  expects  to  receive,  discounted  at  the effective  interest  rate  determined  at  initial  recognition.

Where  ECL  is  measured  on  a  collective  basis  or  cater  for  cases  where  evidence  at  the  individual instrument  level  may  not  yet  be  available,  the  financial  instruments  are  grouped  on  the  following  basis:

- Nature  of  financial  instruments  (i.e.  the  Group's  trade  and  other  receivables  are  each  assessed  as  a separate  group);
- Past-due  status;
- Nature,  size  and  industry  of  debtors;  and
- External  credit  ratings  where  available.

The grouping is  regularly  reviewed  by  management  to  ensure  the  constituents  of  each  group  continue  to share  similar  credit  risk  characteristics.

Interest  income  is  calculated  based  on  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  asset  unless  the  financial asset  is  credit  impaired,  in  which  case  interest  income  is  calculated  based  on  amortised  cost  of  the financial  asset.

The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all  financial  instruments  by  adjusting their  carrying  amount,  with  the  exception  of  trade  receivables  where  the  corresponding  adjustment  is recognised  through  a  loss  allowance  account.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Financial  instruments  -  continued

## Financial  assets  -  continued

## Derecognition of financial assets

The  Group  derecognises  a  financial  asset  only  when  the  contractual  rights  to  the  cash  flows  from  the  asset expire,  or  when  it  transfers  the  financial  asset  and  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  ownership  of  the asset  to  another  entity.  If  the  Group  neither  transfers  nor  retains  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset,  the  Group  recognises  its  retained  interest  in  the  asset and  an  associated  liability  for  amounts  it  may  have  to  pay.  If  the  Group  retains  substantially  all  the  risks  and rewards  of  ownership  of  a  transferred  financial  asset,  the  Group  continues  to  recognise  the  financial  asset  and also  recognises  a  collateralised  borrowing  for  the  proceeds  received.

On  derecognition  of  a  financial  asset  measured  at  amortised  cost,  the  difference  between  the  asset's  carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit  or  loss.

## Financial  liabilities  and  equity  instruments

## Classification  as  debt  or  equity

Debt  and  equity  instruments  issued  by  a  group  entity  are  classified  as  either  financial  liabilities  or  as  equity  in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability  and  an equity  instrument.

## Equity instruments

An  equity  instrument  is  any  contract  that  evidences  a  residual  interest  in  the  assets  of  the  Group  after deducting  all  of  its  liabilities.  Equity  instruments  issued  by  the  Company  are  recognised  at  the  proceeds received,  net  of  direct  issue  costs.

## Convertible bonds issued by the Company

Convertible  bonds  issued  by  the  Company  contain  both  the  liability  and  conversion  option  components  are classified  separately  into  respective  items  on  initial  recognition  in  accordance  with  the  substance  of  the contractual  arrangements  and  the  definitions  of  a  financial  liability  and  an  equity  instrument.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Financial  instruments  -  continued

## Financial  liabilities  and  equity  instruments  -  continued

## Convertible bonds issued by the Company - continued

- (i) Conversion option to be settled by the exchange of a fixed amount of cash or another financial asset  for  a  fixed  number  of  the  Company's  own  equity  instruments

At  the  date  of  issue,  the  fair  value  of  the  liability  component  (including  any  embedded  non-equity derivatives  features)  is  estimated  by  measuring  the  fair  value  of  similar  liability  that  does  not  have  an associated  equity  component.

The  conversion  option  classified as equity is determined  by  deducting  the  amount  of  the  liability component from  the  fair  value  of  the  compound  instrument  as  a  whole.  This  is  recognised  and  included in  equity,  net  of  income  tax  effects,  and  is  not  subsequently  remeasured.  In  addition,  the  conversion option  classified  as  equity  will  remain  in  equity  until  the  conversion  option  is  exercised,  in  which  case,  the balance  recognised  in  equity  will  be  transferred  to  share  premium.  Where  the  conversion  option  remains unexercised  at  the  maturity  date  of  the  convertible  note,  the  balance  recognised  in  equity  will  be transferred  to  accumulated  losses.  No  gain  or  loss  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  upon  conversion  or expiration  of  the  conversion  option.

Transaction  costs  that  relate  to  the  issue  of  the  convertible  bonds  are  allocated  to  the  liability  and  equity components in proportion to the allocation of the gross proceeds. Transaction costs relating  to  the  equity component  are  charged  directly  to  equity.  Transaction  costs  relating  to  the  liability  component  are included  in  the  carrying  amount  of  the  liability  portion  and  amortised  over  the  period  of  the  convertible bonds using the effective  interest  method.

- (ii) Conversion option to be settled other than by the exchange of a fixed amount of cash or another financial  asset  for  a  fixed  number  of  the  Group's  own  equity  instruments

A  conversion  option  that  will  be  settled  other  than  by  the  exchange  of  a  fixed  amount  of  cash  or another  financial  asset  for  a  fixed  number  of  the  Group's  own  equity  instruments  is  a  conversion  option derivative.

At  the  date  of  issue,  both  the  debt  component  and  derivative  components  are  recognised  at  fair  value.  In subsequent  periods  the  debt  component  of  the  convertible  bonds  is  carried  at  amortised  cost  using  the effective  interest  method.  The  derivative  component  is  measured  at  fair  value  with  changes  in  fair  value recognised  in  profit  or  loss.

Transaction  costs  that  relate  to  the  issue  of  the  convertible  bonds  are  allocated  to  the  debt  and  derivative components  in  proportion  to their relative fair values. Transaction costs relating to the derivative component  are  charged  to  profit  or  loss  immediately.  Transaction  costs  relating  to  the  debt  component are  included  in  the  carrying  amount  of  the  debt  portion  and  amortised  over  the  period  of  the  convertible bonds using the effective  interest  method.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

## Financial  instruments  -  continued

## Financial  liabilities  and  equity  instruments  -  continued

## Financial  liabilities  at  FVTPL

Financial  liabilities  are  classified  as  at  FVTPL  when  the  financial  liability  is  either  held  for  trading  or  it  is designated  as  at  FVTPL  on  initial  recognition.

A  financial  liability  other  than  a  financial  liability  held  for  trading  may  be  designated  as  at  FVTPL  upon  initial recognition  if:

- -such designation eliminates or significantly  reduces  a  measurement  or  recognition  inconsistency  that  would otherwise  arise;  or
- -the financial  liability  forms  part  of  a  group  of  financial  assets  or  financial  liabilities  or  both,  which  is  managed and  its  performance  is  evaluated  on  a  fair  value  basis,  in  accordance  with  the  Group's  documented  risk management  or  investment  strategy,  and  information  about  the  grouping  is  provided  internally  on  that basis;  or
- -it  forms  part  of  a  contract  containing  one  or  more  embedded  derivatives,  and  HKFRS  9  Financial  Instruments permits  the  entire  combined  contract  (asset  or  liability)  to  be  designated  as  at  FVTPL.

Financial  liabilities  at  FVTPL  (including  unlisted  warrants  and  contingent  consideration  payable)  were  stated  at fair  value,  with  any  gains  or  losses  arising  on  remeasurement  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  The  net  gain  or  loss recognised  in  profit  or  loss  incorporates  any  interest  paid  on  the  financial  liability.

## Other financial liabilities

Other financial liabilities including trade and  other payables, amounts  due  to  directors, lease liabilities/ obligations  under  finance  leases  and  other  borrowings  are  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost,  using  the effective  interest  method.

## Effective  interest  method

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of  calculating  the  amortised  cost  of  a  financial  liability  and  of allocating  interest  expense  over  the  relevant  period.  The  effective  interest  rate  is  the  rate  that  exactly  discounts estimated  future  cash  payments  (including  all  fees  and  points  paid  or  received  that  form  an  integral  part  of  the effective  interest  rate,  transaction  costs  and  other  premiums  or  discounts)  through  the  expected  life  of  the financial  liability,  or  where  appropriate,  a  shorter  period,  to  the  net  carrying  amount  on  initial  recognition.

Interest  expense  is  recognised  on  an  effective  interest  basis.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

The  Group  derecognises  financial  liabilities  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group's  obligations  are  discharged, cancelled  or  have  expired.  The  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  liability  derecognised and the consideration  paid  and  payable  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5. KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

The  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  HKFRSs  requires  management  to  make judgements,  estimates  and  assumptions  that  affect  the  application  of  policies  and  reported  amounts  of  assets, liabilities,  income  and  expenses.  The  estimates  and  associated  assumptions  are  based  on  historical  experience and various  other  factors  that  are  believed  to  be  reasonable  under  the  circumstances,  the  results  of  which  form the  basis  of  making  the  judgements  about  carrying  values  of  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  not  readily  apparent from other sources.  Actual  results  may  differ  from  these  estimates.

The estimates  and  underlying  assumptions  are  reviewed  on  an  ongoing  basis.  Revisions  to  accounting  estimates are  recognised  in  the  period  in  which  the  estimate  is  revised  if  the  revision  affects  only  that  period,  or  in  the period  of  the  revision  and  future  periods  if  the  revision  affects  both  current  and  future  accounting  periods.

The  key  assumptions  concerning  the  future,  and  other  key  sources  of  estimation  uncertainty  at  the  end  of  the reporting  period,  that  have  a  significant  risk  of  causing  a  material  adjustment  to  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets and liabilities  within  the  next  financial  year,  are  also  discussed  below:

## Depreciation of property, plant and equipment

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  depreciated  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  their  estimated  useful  lives,  after taking  into  account  of  their  estimated  residual  value.  The  determination  of  the  useful  lives  and  residual  values involve  management's  estimation.  The  Group  assesses  annually  the  residual  value  and  the  useful  life  of  the property,  plant  and  equipment  and  if  the  expectation  differs  from  the  original  estimate,  such  a  difference  may impact the depreciation  in  the  year  and  the  estimate  will  be  changed  in  the  future  period.

## Impairment of goodwill

Determining  whether  goodwill  is  impaired  requires  an  estimation  of  the  value  in  use  of  the  CGU  to  which goodwill  has  been  allocated.  The  value  in  use  calculation  requires  the  Group  to  estimate  the  future  cash  flows expected to arise  from  the  CGU  and  a  suitable  discount  rate  in  order  to  calculate  the  present  value.  Where  the actual  cash  flows  are  less  than  expected,  or  changes  in  facts  and  circumstances  which  result  in  downward revision  of  future  cash  flows,  additional  impairment  loss  may  arise.  As  at  30  June  2022,  the  goodwill  was  fully impaired  (30  June  2021:  carrying  amount  of  HK$12,305,000).  Impairment  loss  on  goodwill  amounted  to HK$12,305,000  (Year  ended  30  June  2021:  HK$33,834,000)  was  recognised  in  respect  of  the  current  year. Details  of  impairment  test  for  goodwill  are  set  out  in  Note  21.

## Amortisation of intangible assets

Intangible  assets  with  finite  useful  lives  are  amortised  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  their  estimated  useful  lives. The  determination  of  useful  lives  and  residual  values  involve  management's  estimation.  The  Group  assesses annually  the  useful  life  of  the  intangible  assets  and  if  the  expectation  differs  from  the  original  estimate,  such  a difference  may  impact  the  amortisation  change  for  the  year  of  change  and  the  subsequent  years.

For  the  current  year,  amortisation  charge  of  intangible  assets  of  HK$27,000  (Year  ended  30  June  2021: HK$16,000) was charged to profit or loss in respect of  the  current  year  (Note  22).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5. KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY - continued

## Impairment of intangible assets

The  Group  assesses  the  future  cash  flows  expected  to  arise  from  the  intangible  assets.  Where  the  actual  cash flows  are  less  than  expected,  or  changes  in  facts  and  circumstances  which  result  in  downward  revision  of  future cash  flows,  impairment  loss  may  arise.

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  carrying  amount  of  intangible  assets  is  HK$Nil  (30  June  2021:  HK$27,000).  No impairment loss  on  intangible  assets  was  recognised  in  respect  of  the  current  year  and  the  prior  year  ended  30 June  2021  (Note  22).

## Provision  for  doubtful  receivables

The  Group  makes  provision  for  doubtful  recovery  of  trade  receivables  and  other  receivables  based  on  an assessment  of  the  recoverability  of  receivables.  Provision  for  doubtful  receivables  is  made  when  events  or changes  in circumstances indicate that the balances may  not  be collectible. The identification of nonrecoverability  of  receivables  requires  the  use  of  judgement  and  estimates.  Where  the  expectation  on  the recoverability  of  trade  receivables  and  other  receivables  is  different  from  the  original  estimate,  such  difference will  impact  the  carrying  amounts  of  trade  receivables  and  other  receivables  and  doubtful  debts  expenses  in  the period  which  such  estimate  has  been  changed.

The Group uses provision matrix to calculate expected credit loss (' ECL ')  for  the  trade  receivables  based  on  the grouping  of  various  trade  receivables  that  have  similar  loss  patterns.  The  provision  matrix  is  based  on  the Group's historical  default  rates  and  taking  into  consideration  forward-looking  information  that  is  reasonable  and supportable  available  without  undue  costs  and  effort.  At  every  reporting  date,  the  historical  observed  default rates are reassessed and  changes  in the forward-looking information are considered. In addition, trade receivables  with  significant  balances  are  assessed  for  ECL  individually.

The Group uses four categories for those receivables which reflect their  credit  risk  and  how  the  loss  provision  is determined for each of those categories.  These  internal  credit  risk  ratings  are  aligned  to  external  credit  ratings. Management made periodic collective assessments as well as individual assessment on the recoverability of other receivables  based  on  historical  settlement  records  and  past  experience.  In  calculating  the  expected  credit  loss rates,  the  Group  considers  historical  loss  rates  for  the  other  receivables  and  adjusts  for  forward  looking macroeconomic data.

The provision  of  ECL  is  sensitive  to  changes  in  estimates.  The  information  about  the  ECL  and  the  Group's  trade and other receivables  are  disclosed  in  Note  8(i)  and  (ii).

For  the  current  year,  provision  for  doubtful  trade  and  other  receivables  totalled  HK$10,363,000  (Year  ended  30 June  2021:  HK$8,074,000),  and  HK$6,999,000  (Year  ended  30  June  2021:  4,782,000)  respectively  was recognised  in  profit  and  loss  in  respect  of  the  current  year  (Note  26  and  27).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5. KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY - continued

## Impairment assessment of interest in associate

Determining  whether  interest  in  an  associate,  Ever  Development  Holdings  Limited  (' Ever  Development '),  is impaired  requires  an  estimation  of  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  interest  in  Ever  Development  which  is  the higher  of value in use  and  fair value less costs of disposal. The  value  in use  calculation requires the management  to  estimate  the  present  value  of  the  Group's  attributable  share  of  future  cash  flows  expected  to be  generated  by  Ever  Development  based  on  its  business  operations  and  a  suitable  discount  rate  with  reference to  comparable  entities.  The  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  of  Ever  Development  was  determined  based  on  its estimated  sale  price  by  reference  to  recent  transactions  or  other  appropriate  estimation  basis.  Where  the expected  value  in  use  or  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  are  less  than  the  carrying  amount  of  the  Group's investment,  an  impairment  loss  may  arise.  As  at  30  June  2022,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  Group's  interest  in Ever  Development  was  approximately  HK$23,621,000  (30  June  2021:  HK$45,663,000).  No  impairment  loss  on investment  in  Ever  Development  was  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  in  respect  of  the  current  year  (Year  ended  30 June  2021:  Nil).

## 6. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities  in  the  Group  will  be  able  to  continue  as  a  going  concern while  maximising  the  return  to  shareholders  through  the  optimisation  of  the  debt  and  equity  balance.  The capital  structure  of  the  Group  consists  of  debt,  which  includes  convertible  bonds  disclosed  in  Note  35,  and equity  attributable  to  equity  holders  of  the  Company,  comprising  issued  share  capital,  reserves  and  accumulated losses  as  disclosed  in  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity.  Management  reviews  the  capital  structure  by considering  the  cost  of  capital  and  the  risks  associated  with  each  class  of  capital.  In  view  of  this,  the  Group  will balance  its  overall  capital  structure  through  the  payment  of  dividends,  new  share  issues  as  well  as  the  issuance of  new  debt  or  the  redemption  of  existing  debt.  The  Group's  overall  strategy  remains  unchanged  throughout the  year.

## 7. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## Categories of financial instruments

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial  assets  At  amortised  cost  Trade  receivables  28,419  14,314  Financial  assets  included  in  other  receivables,  deposits  and  prepayments  15,432  21,487  Bank balances and cash  2,991  7,482  46,842  43,283  Financial  liabilities  At  amortised  cost  Trade  payables  54,589  41,513  Financial  liabilities  included  in  accruals  and  other  payables  19,257  52,044  Amounts due to directors  8,490  54,318  Amounts due to related parties  12,144  13,119  Amount due to a shareholder  105,747  -  Lease  liabilities  934  7,732  Convertible  bonds  44,995  87,041  Other borrowing  -  13,260  246,156  269,027   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 8. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

The  Group's  major  financial  instruments  include  trade  receivables,  financial  assets  included  in  other  receivables, deposits  and  prepayments,  bank  balances  and  cash,  trade  payables,  financial  liabilities  included  in  accruals  and other  payables,  amounts  due  to  directors,  amounts  due  to  related  parties,  lease  liabilities,  convertible  bonds, derivative  financial  liabilities,  other  borrowing,  unlisted  warrants  and  contingent  consideration  payable.  Details  of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments  and  the  policies  on  how  to  mitigate  these  risks  are  set  out  below.  Management  of  the  Group manages  and  monitors  these  exposures  to  ensure  that  appropriate  measures  are  implemented  on  a  timely  and effective  manner.  The  Group's  overall  strategy  remains  unchanged  from  that  of  the  prior  year.

## Credit  risk

The  Group  is  exposed  to  credit  risk  and  the  Group's  maximum  exposure  to  credit  risk  in  relation  to  financial assets  is  the  carrying  amount  of  the  respective  recognised  financial  assets  as  stated  in  the  consolidated statement of financial  position.

The  Group  considers  the  probability  of  default  upon  initial  recognition  of  asset  and  whether  there  has  been  a significant  increase  in  credit  risk  on  an  ongoing  basis  throughout  each  reporting  period.  To  assess  whether there  is  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk,  the  Group  compares  the  risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the  asset  as at  the  reporting  date  with  the  risk  of  default  as  at  the  date  of  initial  recognition,  having  considered  available reasonable  and  supportive  forwarding-looking  information.  Especially  the  following  indicators  are  incorporated:

- internal  credit  rating;
- external  credit  rating;
- actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  changes  in  business,  financial  or  economic  conditions  that  are  expected to  cause  a  significant  change  to  the  customer's  ability  to  meet  its  obligations;
- actual  or  expected  significant  changes  in  the  operating  results  of  the  debtor/customer;
- significant  changes  in  the  expected  performance  and  behaviour  of  the  customer,  including  changes  in  the payment status of customer in the Group and changes in the operating results of the customer.

In  order  to  minimize  the  credit  risk,  management  of  the  Group  has  delegated  a  team  responsible  for determination of  credit  limits,  credit  approvals  and  other  monitoring  procedures  to  ensure  that  follow-up  action is  taken  to  recover  overdue  debts.

The  credit  quality  of  the  debtors  is  assessed  based  on  their  financial  positions,  past  experience  and  other factors.  The  Group  has  policies  in  place  to  ensure  credit  terms  are  granted  to  reliable  debtors.

The Group performed ongoing credit evaluations of its debtors' financial condition and did not require collateral from the debtors on the outstanding balances. Based on the expected recoverability and timing for collection of the  outstanding  balances,  the  Group  maintained  a  provision  for  doubtful  accounts  and  actual  losses  incurred had been within management's expectations.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 8. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES - continued

## Credit  risk  -  continued

## (i) Trade receivables

The  Group  applies  the  simplified  approach  to  provide  for  expected  credit  losses  for  trade  receivables, which permits the use of the lifetime  expected  loss  provision  for  all  trade  receivables.

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  loss  allowance  for  trade  receivables  was  determined  as  follows:

| Receivables aged (based on invoice date)  0-30  days  31-60  days  61-180  days  181-365  days  365-540  days  541-730  days  Over  2  years  Total  Expected loss  rate  0%  0%  5%  5%  50%  75%  100%  Gross  carrying  amount  (HK$'000)  61  -  23,641  6,151  -  -  88,054  117,907  Loss  allowance  (HK$'000)  -  -  1,128  306  -  -  88,054  89,488   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  30  June  2021,  the  loss  allowance  for  trade  receivables  was  determined  as  follows:

| Receivables aged (based on invoice date)  0-30  days  31-60  days  61-180  days  181-365  days  365-540  days  541-730  days  Over  2  years  Total  Expected loss  rate  0%  0%  5%  5%  50%  75%  100%  Gross  carrying  amount  (HK$'000)  4,468  822  34  594  16,853  -  70,996  93,767  Loss  allowance  (HK$'000)  -  -  -  30  8,427  -  70,996  79,453   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above expected credit losses  also  incorporated  forward  looking  information.

Receivables  that  aged  not  more  than  60  days  substantially  related  to  customers  that  have  good  trade records  with  the  Group.  Based  on  past  experience,  the  directors  are  of  the  opinion  that  no  provision  for impairment is  necessary  in  respect  of  these  balances  as  there  had  not  been  a  significant  change  in  credit quality  and  the  balances  are  still  considered  fully  recoverable.

The  Group  has  concentration  of  credit  risk  as  40.75%  (30  June  2021:  57.99%)  and  98.60%  (30  June 2021:  96.75%)  of  the  total  trade  receivables  at  30  June  2022  were  due  from  the  Group's  largest customer and the five largest  customers  respectively  within  the  manufacturing  and  distribution  of  personal protective  equipment  business  segment.  However,  the  Group  concludes  that  the  credit  risk  in  relation  to these  customers  is  not  significant  because  they  have  no  history  of  default  in  recent  years.  The  Group's historical  experience  in  collection  of  receivables  falls  within  recorded  allowance  and  the  directors  do  not expect  any  additional  significant  impairment  on  trade  receivables.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 8. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES - continued

## Credit  risk  -  continued

## (ii) Other receivables

The  Group  uses  four  categories  for  those  receivables  which  reflect  their  credit  risk  and  how  the  loss provision  is  determined  for  each  of  those  categories.  These  internal  credit  risk  ratings  are  aligned  to external  credit  ratings.

A summary of the assumptions underpinning the Group's expected credit loss model is as follows:

| Category  Group's definition of categories  Basis  for  recognition  of  expected  credit  loss  provision  Performing  Customers have a low risk of default  and a strong capacity  to  meet  contractual  cash  flows  12 months expected losses  Where the expected lifetime of an asset  is  less  than  12  months,  expected  losses  are  measured  at  its  expected  lifetime  Underperforming  Receivables  for  which  there  is  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk;  as  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  is  presumed if interest  and/or  principal  repayments are 30 days to 60 days  past  due  Lifetime  expected  losses  Non-performing  Interest  and/or  principal  repayments  are  60 days to 120 days past due  Lifetime  expected  losses  Write-off  Interest  and/or  principal  repayments  are  120 days past due and there is no  reasonable  expectation  of  recovery  Asset  is  written  off   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Management made periodic collective assessments as well as individual assessment on the recoverability of other  receivables  based  on  historical  settlement  records  and  past  experience.  In  calculating  the  expected credit  loss  rates,  the  Group  considers  historical  loss  rates  for  the  other  receivables  and  adjusts  for  forward looking  macroeconomic data.

The  Group  has  assessed  that  the  expected  credit  loss  for  other  receivables  at  30  June  2022  was estimated to be  approximately  HK$27,471,000  (30  June  2021:  HK$21,494,000)  under  12  months expected losses method and impairment loss on other receivables amounted to approximately HK$6,999,000 was charged to profit and loss of the Group in respect of the current year (Year ended 30 June  2021:  HK$4,782,000).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 8. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES - continued

## Credit  risk  -  continued

## (iii) Cash at bank

The  table  below  shows  the  details  of  bank  deposit  balances  maintained  at  the  end  of  the  reporting period:

| Rating  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash at banks and bank deposits  Baa3-Aa2  2,912  7,404   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  rating  represents  long-term  credit  rating  provided  by  Moody's,  an  internationally  recognised  credit rating  agency.  A  rating  within  the  'A'  category  is  judged  to  be  upper-medium  grade  and  are  subject  to low  credit  risk  under  the  rating  regime  of  Moody's.  Given  that  significant  portion  of  the  bank  deposits are  placed  with  banks  that  are  independently  rated  with  high  credit  rating  with  no  default  history  in  past years,  management of the Group considers that the credit risk  on  the  bank  balances  is  limited.

The  credit  risk  on  liquid  funds  is  limited  because  the  counterparties  are  authorised  banks  in  Hong  Kong and the PRC.

## Foreign currency risk

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  has  trade  receivables,  other  receivables,  deposits,  bank  balances and  cash,  trade  payables,  accruals,  other  payables,  amounts  due  to  directors,  amounts  due  to  related  parties, lease  liabilities  and  other  borrowing  denominated  in  RMB  and  US$,  which  are  the  currencies  other  than  the functional currency of respective group  entities. The carrying amounts  of  the Group's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities  are  as  follows:

| Assets  Liabilities  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  US$  172  250  -  5,187  RMB  9,459  38,852  27,310  29,556   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  currently  does  not  have  a  foreign  currency  hedging  policy.  However,  management  monitors  foreign exchange  exposure  and  will  consider  hedging  significant  foreign  currency  exposure  should  the  need  arise.  The directors  consider  that  the  Group's  exposure  to  foreign  currency  exchange  risk  is  insignificant  as  the  majority  of the  Group's  transactions  are  denominated  in  the  functional  currency  of  the  respective  group  entities.

The  Group  uses  a  5%  sensitivity  rate  to  report  foreign  currency  risk  internally  to  key  management  personnel, which represents management's assessment of the reasonable possible change in foreign exchange rates. If RMB had  strengthened/weakened  by  5%,  loss  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  would  have  been  increased/ decreased  by  approximately  HK$738,000  as  a  result  of  exchange  gains/losses  on  translation  of  foreign  currency transactions  (Year  ended  30  June  2021:  decreased/increased  loss  by  approximately  HK$464,800).

Certain  financial  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Group  are  denominated  in  US$.  However,  the  exchange  rate  of  US$ against  HK$  is  relatively  stable,  accordingly,  no  sensitivity  analysis  has  been  presented  on  the  currency  risk.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 8. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES - continued

## Interest  rate  risk

The  Group  has  no  significant  interest-bearing  assets,  the  Group's  income  and  operating  cash  flows  are substantially  independent  of  changes  in  market  interest  rates.  Management  does  not  anticipate  significant impact on interest-bearing  assets  resulted  from  the  changes  in  interest  rates.

Interests  on  convertible  bonds  and  other  borrowing  are  charged  at  fixed  interest  rates  which  expose  the  Group to  fair  value  interest  rate  risk.  Details  of  the  Group's  convertible  bonds  and  other  borrowing  are  set  out  in Notes 35 and 37 respectively.

## Sensitivity  analysis

At  30  June  2022,  it  is  estimated  that  a  general  increase  or  decrease  of  100  basis  points  in  interest  rates,  with all  other  variable  held  constant,  would  decrease/increase  the  Group's  loss  by  approximately  HK$30,000  (Year ended  30  June  2021:  decrease/increase  loss  by  approximately  HK$75,000).  The  above  sensitivity  analysis  has been  determined  assuming  that  the  change  in  interest  rates  had  occurred  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period and  had  been  applied  to  the  exposure  to  interest  rate  risk  for  financial  instruments  in  existence  at  that  date. The 100 basis points increase  or  decrease  represents  management's  assessment  of  a  reasonably  possible  change in  interest  rates  over  the  next  financial  year.  The  analysis  was  performed  on  the  same  basis  in  respect  of  the prior  year  ended  30  June  2021.

## Liquidity  risk

Individual  operating  entities  within  the  Group  are  responsible  for  their  own  cash  management,  including  shortterm  investment  of  cash  surpluses  and  raising  of  loans  to  cover  expected  cash  demands.  The  Group's  policy  is to  regularly  monitor  its  liquidity  requirements  and  its  compliance  with  lending  covenants,  to  ensure  that  it maintains  sufficient  reserves  of  cash  to  meet  its  liquidity  requirements  in  the  short  and  longer  term.

The  following  tables  analyse  the  Group's  remaining  contractual  maturity  for  its  financial  liabilities.  The  tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities  based  on  the  earliest  date  on which the Group can be required to pay:

## At 30 June 2022

| Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash flows  Within  1  year  or  on demand  More than  1  year  but less  than 2 years  More than  2  years  but less  than 5 years  Over  5  years  Carrying  amounts  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-derivative financial liabilities  Trade  payables  54,589  54,589  -  -  -  54,589  Financial  liabilities  included  in  accruals  and  other  payables  19,257  19,257  -  -  -  19,257  Amounts due to directors  8,490  8,490  -  -  -  8,490  Amounts due to related parties  12,144  12,144  -  -  -  12,144  Amount due to a shareholder  105,747  105,747  -  -  -  105,747  Lease  liabilities  992  992  -  -  -  934  Convertible  bonds (Note)  52,334  52,334  -  -  -  44,995  Other borrowing  -  -  -  -  -  -  253,553  253,553  -  -  -  246,156   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES - continued

## Liquidity  risk  -  continued

At  30  June  2021

| Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash  flows  Within  1  year  or  on demand  More than  1  year  but  less  than  2  years  More than  2  years  but  less  than  5  years  Over  5  years  Carrying  amounts  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-derivative financial liabilities  Trade  payables  41,513  41,513  -  -  -  41,513  Financial  liabilities  included  in  accruals  and  other  payables  52,044  52,044  -  -  -  52,044  Amounts due to directors  54,318  54,318  -  -  -  54,318  Amounts due to related parties  13,119  13,119  -  -  -  13,119  Amount due to a shareholder  -  -  -  -  -  -  Lease  liabilities  8,534  4,911  3,610  13  -  7,732  Convertible  bonds (Note)  94,516  94,516  -  -  -  87,041  Other borrowing  13,260  13,260  -  -  -  13,260  277,304  273,681  3,610  13  -  269,027   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:   This  is  categorised  based  on  contractual  terms  of  redemption  at  maturity  on  the  assumption  that  there  were  no  redemption or  conversion  of  the  convertible  bonds  outstanding  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  before  the  maturity  dates.

## Fair  value

The  carrying  amounts  of  financial  instruments  measured  at  fair  value  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  are categorised  among the three  levels  of  the  fair  value  hierarchy,  defined  as  follows:

- (i) Quoted prices (unadjusted)  in  active  markets  for  identical  assets  or  liabilities  (Level  1).
- (ii) Inputs  other  than  quoted  prices  included  within  Level  1  that  are  observable  for  the  asset  or  liability,  either directly  (that  is,  as  prices)  or  indirectly  (that  is,  derived  from  prices)  (Level  2).
- (iii) Inputs  for  the  asset  or  liability  that  are  not  based  on  observable  market  data  (that  is,  unobservable  inputs) (Level  3).

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 8. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES - continued

## Fair  value  -  continued

Fair  value  of  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  that  are  not  measured  at  fair  value  on  a recurring basis  but  fair  value  disclosures  are  required

The directors  consider  that  the  carrying  amounts  of  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  recorded  at  amortised cost  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  approximate  their  fair  values.  The  fair  values,  which  are  included  in Level  3  categories,  have  been  determined  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  pricing  models  based  on  a discounted  cash  flows  analysis,  with  the  most  significant  inputs  being  the  discount  rate  that  reflects  the  credit risk  of  counterparties.

## 9. SEGMENT INFORMATION

The  factors  used  to  identify  the  Group's  operating  segments,  including  the  basis  of  organization,  are  mainly based on the services  provided  by  the  Group's  operating  divisions  as  follows:

- (a) Provision  of  lottery-related  services
- (b) Provision  of  internet  plus  services
- -Solution  services:  Provision  of  internet  related  solution  services
- -Supply  chain  services:  Provision  of  supply  chain  management,  data  analysis  and  related  services  and trading  of  goods  through  internet  platform
- (c) Manufacturing  and  distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment:  Manufacture  and  sale  of  personal protective  equipment  and  consumables
- (d) Other services

For  the  purposes  of  monitoring  segment  performance  and  allocating  resources  between  segments,  all  assets  and liabilities  are  allocated  to  operating  segments  other  than  the  corporate  assets  and  liabilities.

Information  regarding  the  above  segments  is  reported  below.

## 9. SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued

## (a)  Segment revenue and results

The following  is  an  analysis  of  the  Group's  revenue  and  results  by  operating  segments:

## Year ended 30 June 2022

| Internet  plus  Manufacturing  and  distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  Lottery-  related  services  Solution  services  Supply  chain  services  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Segment revenue:  Reportable  segment  revenue  1,841  362  29,670  17,010  48,883  Elimination  of  inter-segment  revenue  -  -  -  (7,898)  (7,898)  Sales  to  external  customers  1,841  362  29,670  9,112  40,985  Segment gross profit  1,314  11  2,269  2,338  5,932  Segment profit/(loss)  before  impairment  of  goodwill  987  231  (8,141)  (26,456)  (33,379)  Impairment of goodwill  (12,305)  -  -  -  (12,305)  Segment profit/(loss)  (11,318)  231  (8,141)  (26,456)  (45,684)  Write-off  of  consideration  payable  for  acquisition  of  subsidiaries  22,000  Write  back  of  other  payables  4,819  Other unallocated  income  and  gains  10,492  Loss  on  deregistration  of  subsidiaries  (586)  Loss  on  dilution  of  interest  in  associate  (21,889)  Other unallocated  expenses  (47,288)  Share  of  losses  of  associates  (153)  Finance  costs  (15,869)  Loss  before  tax  (94,158)  Income tax credit  387  Loss  for  the  year  (93,771)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9. SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued

## (a)  Segment revenue and results - continued

Year  ended  30  June  2021

| Internet  plus  Manufacturing  and  distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  Lottery-  related  services  Solution  services  Supply  chain  services  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Segment revenue:  Reportable  segment  revenue  1,936  -  12,445  95,614  109,995  Elimination  of  inter-segment  revenue  -  -  -  (32,182)  (32,182)  Sales  to  external  customers  1,936  -  12,445  63,432  77,813  Segment gross profit  146  -  1,653  19,085  20,884  Segment (loss)/profit  before  impairment  of  goodwill  (5,347)  (1,440)  898  (43,635)  (49,524)  Impairment of goodwill  -  -  (33,834)  -  (33,834)  Segment loss  (5,347)  (1,440)  (32,936)  (43,635)  (83,358)  Write-off  of  consideration  payable  for  acquisition  of  subsidiaries  -  Write  back  of  other  payables  -  Gain on lapse of unlisted  warrants  1,880  Gain on deregistration  of  subsidiaries  244  Other unallocated  income  and  gains  1,587  Other unallocated  expenses  (24,337)  Loss  on  amendment of terms of convertible  bonds  (50)  Share  of  profits  of  associates  3,588  Finance  costs  (10,618)  Loss  before  tax  (111,064)  Income tax credit  558  Loss  for  the  year  (110,506)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued

## (b)  Segment assets and liabilities

The following  is  an  analysis  of  the  Group's  assets  and  liabilities  by  operating  segments:

At 30 June 2022

| Internet  plus  Manufacturing  and  distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  Lottery-  related  services  Solution  services  Supply  chain  services  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Assets  Segment assets  1,415  4,668  26,201  9,455  41,739  Unallocated  assets  35,147  Total  assets  76,886  Liabilities  Segment liabilities  5,748  1,902  43,793  24,799  76,242  Unallocated  liabilities  174,041  Total  liabilities  250,283   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  30  June  2021

| Internet  plus  Manufacturing  and  distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  Lottery-  related  services  Solution  services  Supply  chain  services  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Assets  Segment assets  12,777  2,000  10,646  41,801  67,224  Unallocated  assets  68,679  Total  assets  135,903  Liabilities  Segment liabilities  7,999  22,597  49,969  43,865  124,430  Unallocated  liabilities  152,029  Total  liabilities  276,459   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9. SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued

## (c) Other segment information

In  respect  of  year  ended  30  June  2022

| Internet  plus  Manufacturing  and distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  Lottery-  related  services  Solution  services  Supply  chain  services  Unallocated  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amounts included in the measure of segment  profit/loss  or  segment  assets/liabilities  Additions  to  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  -  -  121  -  121  Depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  -  -  792  526  1,318  Depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  -  -  -  -  1,081  1,081  Gain on disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  -  -  -  9  9  Gain on disposal  of  subsidiaries  -  -  -  8,680  -  8,680  Impairment loss  on  receivables  and  other  assets:  - trade receivables  -  -  10,363  -  -  10,363  - other receivables  664  -  -  6,335  -  6,999  - amounts due from former subsidiaries  -  -  -  16,590  -  16,590  - property, plant and equipment  -  -  -  5,894  -  5,894  - right-of-use  assets  -  -  -  2,240  -  2,240  - goodwill  12,305  -  -  -  -  12,305  - inventories  -  -  -  4,163  -  4,163  Amortisation  of  intangible  assets  -  -  -  -  27  27   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued

## (c) Other segment information - continued

In  respect  of  year  ended  30  June  2021

| Internet  plus  Manufacturing  and distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  Lottery-  related  services  Solution  services  Supply  chain  services  Unallocated  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amounts included in the measure of segment  profit/loss  or  segment  assets/liabilities  Additions  to  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  -  -  7,600  2,514  10,114  Depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  -  -  4,774  537  5,311  Depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  126  -  -  3,817  1,184  5,127  Loss  on  disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  -  -  26  -  26  Impairment loss  on  receivables  and  other  assets:  - trade receivables  -  584  7,490  -  -  8,074  - other receivables  -  -  -  -  4,782  4,782  - amounts due from former subsidiaries  -  -  -  -  -  -  - property, plant and equipment  283  -  -  4,317  1  4,601  - right-of-use  assets  -  -  -  -  -  -  - goodwill  -  -  33,834  -  -  33,834  - inventories  111  -  -  1,547  -  1,658  Amortisation  of  intangible  assets  -  -  -  -  16  16   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9. SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued

## (d)  Geographical information

The  Group's  operations  are  mainly  located  in  the  PRC  and  Hong  Kong.  The  following  table  provides  an analysis  of  the  Group's  revenue  by  geographical  markets:

| Revenue from  external customers  Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  PRC  2,203  1,936  Hong Kong  38,782  75,877  40,985  77,813   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  following  is  an  analysis  of  non-current  assets  excluding  financial  instruments,  and  additions  to property,  plant  and  equipment  analysed  by  the  geographical  area  in  which  the  assets  are  located:

| Non-current assets  Additions to property,  plant and equipment  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  PRC  95  20,457  -  249  Hong Kong  28,713  65,803  121  9,865  28,808  86,260  121  10,114   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenue from major products and services

The Group's revenue from its products and services is  as  follows:

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Lottery-related  services  1,841  1,936  Internet  plus  services  (solution  services)  362  -  Internet  plus  services  (supply  chain)  29,670  12,445  Manufacturing and distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  9,112  63,432  40,985  77,813   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9. SEGMENT INFORMATION - continued

## (e)  Information about major customers

Revenue from customers contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group is as follows:

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Arising  from  manufacturing  and  distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  Customer A  N/A  43,564  Customer B  12,190  N/A  Customer C  6,400  N/A  Customer D  5,000  N/A  Customer E  5,000  N/A  Customer F  4,776  N/A   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue  from  customer  A  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  did  not  contribute  10%  or  more  to  the Group's revenue for the year. Revenue from customer B, C, D, E and F for the year ended 30 June 2021 did  not  contribute  10%  or  more  to  the  Group's  revenue  for  that  year.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 10.  REVENUE

The principal  activities  of  the  Group  are  provision  of  (i)  lottery-related  services,  (ii)  internet  plus  services  (solution and supply chain)  and  (iii)  manufacturing  and  distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment.

Revenue  represents  income  from  the  following  services  rendered  by  the  Group,  net  of  returns,  discounts allowed or  sales  taxes:

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Point in  time  Internet  plus  services  (supply  chain)  - Trading of goods  29,670  12,445  Manufacturing and distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  9,112  63,432  38,782  75,877  Over time  Lottery-related  services  1,841  1,936  Internet  plus  services  (solution  services)  362  -  2,203  1,936  Total  40,985  77,813   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Based  on  the  historical  pattern,  the  directors  of  the  Company  are  of  the  opinion  that  the  income  from  lotterrelated  services,  internet  plus  services  (solution  services)  are  derived  from  services  rendered  for  periods  of  one year  or  less.  As  permitted  under  HKFRS  15,  the  transaction  price  allocated  to  the  unsatisfied  contracts  is  not disclosed.

## 11.  OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest  income  3  1  Write-off  of  consideration  payable  for  acquisition  of  subsidiaries (Note  30(a))  22,000  -  Write  back  of  other  payables (Note  30(e))  4,819  -  Gain on lapse of unlisted  warrants (Note  36)  -  1,880  Gain on disposal  of  right-of-use  assets  -  129  Gain on disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  9  -  Gain on disposal  of  subsidiaries (Note  42)  8,680  -  Gain on deregistration  of  subsidiaries  -  244  Gain on settlement of amount due to a director (Note 31)  1,108  -  Gain on settlement of amount due to a related party (Note 32 )  1,030  -  Government subsidies*  1,587  1,809  Packing  income  -  340  Others  114  575  39,350  4,978   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* There  were  no  unfulfilled  conditions  or  contingencies  relating  to  substantial  amount  of  the  government  subsidies.

## 12.  IMPAIRMENT LOSS ON RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Impairment loss  on:  - trade receivables (Note  26)  10,363  8,074  - other receivables (Note  27)  6,999  4,782  - amounts due from former subsidiaries (Note 42)  16,590  -  - property, plant and equipment (Note 19)  5,894  4,601  - right-of-use  assets (Note  20)  2,240  -  - goodwill (Note 21)  12,305  33,834  - inventories  4,163  1,658  58,554  52,949   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 13.  FINANCE COSTS

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest  on:  - convertible bonds (Note 35)  15,654  10,313  - other borrowings (Note 37)  541  2,791  - lease liabilities  215  1,442  16,410  14,546   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14.  LOSS BEFORE TAX

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss  before  tax  has  been  arrived  at  after  charging:  Staff  costs  (including  directors'  emoluments (Note  15) ):  - Directors'  fees,  wages  and  salaries  22,584  24,982  - Retirement benefits scheme contributions  392  877  - Equity-settled  share-based  payment  3,150  1,875  Total  staff  costs  26,126  27,734  Cost  of  services  878  1,790  Cost  of  inventories  sold  34,175  55,139  Auditors'  remuneration  850  850  Depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment (Note)  1,318  5,311  Depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  1,081  5,127  Amortisation  of  intangible  assets  27  16  Loss  on  disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  26  Loss  on  amendment of terms of convertible  bonds  -  50  Loss  on  settlement  of  contingent  consideration  payable (Note  38)  -  10,796  Expenses relating  to  short-term  leases  3,259  3,890  Exchange losses,  net  10  167  Equity-settled  share-based  payment  not  included  in  staff  costs  1,296  2,421   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment approximately HK$484,000 (30 June 2021: HK$765,000) and HK$834,000 (30  June  2021:  HK$4,546,000)  has  been  included  in  cost  of  sales  and  administrative  and  operating  expenses respectively.

## 15.  DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S EMOLUMENTS

## (a)  Directors'  emoluments

Emoluments paid or payable to 8 directors (Year ended 30 June 2021: 9 directors) of the Company, were analysed  as  follows:

## For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022

| Fees  Salaries  and other  emoluments  Contribution  to  retirement  benefits  scheme  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Executive Directors  Mr.  CHAN Ting (note (i))  240  3,000  11  3,251  Mr.  LIAO  Zhe (note  (ii))  240  1,200  18  1,458  Mr.  CHEUK Ka Chun Kevin  (note  (iii))  240  888  18  1,146  Non-executive Directors  Madam CHEUNG Kwai Lan  (note  (i))  240  -  -  240  Dr.  CHENG Yanjie  240  -  -  240  Independent Non-executive  Directors  Mr.  LAU  Fai  Lawrence  240  -  -  240  Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei  240  -  -  240  Mr.  CHAU Wai Wah Fred  (note  (iv))  240  -  -  240  1,920  5,088  47  7,055   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 15.  DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S EMOLUMENTS - continued

## (a)  Directors'  emoluments - continued

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2021

| Fees  Salaries  and other  emoluments  Contribution  to  retirement  benefits  scheme  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Executive Directors  Mr.  CHAN Ting (note (i))  240  3,000  18  3,258  Mr.  LIAO  Zhe (note  (ii))  9  -  -  9  Mr.  CHEUK Ka Chun Kevin  (note  (iii))  9  -  -  9  Non-executive Directors  Madam CHEUNG Kwai Lan  (note  (i))  240  -  -  240  Mr.  CHAN Tung Mei (note (v))  116  347  -  463  Dr.  CHENG Yanjie  240  -  -  240  Independent Non-executive  Directors  Mr.  LAU  Fai  Lawrence  240  -  -  240  Dr.  LIU  Ta-pei  240  -  -  240  Mr.  CHAU Wai Wah Fred  (note  (iv))  240  -  -  240  1,574  3,347  18  4,939   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) Madam Cheung Kwai Lan was re-designated from executive director to non-executive director and from chairperson of  the  Board  of  Company  to  honorary  chairperson  of  the  Company  and  Mr.  Chan  Ting  was  re-designated  from deputy  chairperson  to  the  chairperson  of  the  Board  of  Company,  with  effect  from  7  January  2021.  Subsequent to  30  June  2022,  Mr.  Chan  Ting  resigned  as  executive  director  of  the  Company  with  effect  from  1  August 2022  and  Madam  Cheung  Kwai  Lan  resigned  as  non-executive  director  of  the  Company  with  effect  from  1 August 2022.
- (ii) Mr.  Liao  Zhe  was  appointed  as  executive  director  and  chief  operating  officer  of  the  Company  with  effect  from 17  June  2021.  Subsequent  to  30  June  2022,  Mr.  Liao  Zhe  resigned  as  executive  director  and  chief  operating officer  of  the  Company  with  effect  from  5  September  2022.
- (iii) Mr.  Cheuk Ka Chun Kevin was appointed as executive director of the Company with effect from 17 June 2021. Subsequent  to  30  June  2022,  Mr.  Cheuk  Ka  Chun  Kevin  resigned  as  executive  director  of  the  Company  with effect  from  5  September  2022.
- (iv) Mr. CHAU Wai Wah Fred was re-designated from independent non-executive director to executive director of the Company with effect from 1 August 2022.
- (v) Mr.  Chan  Tung  Mei  resigned  as  non-executive  director  of  the  Company  with  effect  from  17  June  2021.

## 15.  DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S EMOLUMENTS - continued

## (b)  Senior management's emoluments

The  five  highest  paid  employees  of  the  Group  during  the  year  include  3  directors  (Year  ended  30  June 2021:  3  directors)  whose  emoluments  are  set  out  above.  The  emoluments  paid  or  payable  to  the remaining  2  (Year  ended  30  June  2021:  2)  highest  paid  employees,  who  are  not  a  director  of  the Company, are as follows:

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries,  allowances  and  other  benefits  2,012  2,567  Contributions  to  retirement  benefits  scheme  27  36  2,039  2,603   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  emoluments  of  the  2  individuals  (Year  ended  30  June  2021:  2  individuals)  fell  within  the  following bands:

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  No. of  individuals  No.  of  individuals  Nil  to  HK$1,000,000  1  -  HK$1,000,001 - HK$1,500,000  1  2   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No  emoluments  were  paid  by  the  Group  to  the  directors  as  an  inducement  to  join  the  Group  or  as compensation for loss  of  office  for  both  of  the  years  presented.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 16.  INCOME TAX CREDIT

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current  year  - Hong Kong Profits Tax  -  -  Over provision  in  prior  years  - Hong Kong Profits Tax  -  558  Current  tax  credit  -  558  Deferred  tax  credit (Note  39)  387  -  Income tax credit  for  the  year  387  558   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Pursuant to  the  two-tiered  Hong  Kong  profit  tax  rates  regime,  the  first  HK$2  million  of  profits  of  the  qualifying group  entity  will  be  taxed  at  8.25%,  and  profits  above  HK$2  million  will  be  taxed  at  16.5%.  The  profit  of group entities  not  qualifying  for  the  two-tiered  profits  tax  rates  regime  will  continue  to  be  taxed  at  16.5%.

The  Group's  PRC  subsidiaries  are  subjected  to  PRC  Enterprise  Income  Tax  at  the  statutory  rate  of  25%  (Year ended 30 June 2021: 25%).

The income tax credit  can  be  reconciled  to  the  loss  before  tax  per  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and other  comprehensive  income  as  follows:

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss  before  tax  (94,158)  (111,064)  Tax  at  the  applicable  tax  rate  (17,396)  (19,755)  Tax  effect  of  expenses  that  are  not  deductible  for  tax  purposes  26,970  19,066  Tax  effect  of  income  that  is  not  taxable  for  tax  purposes  (9,566)  (4,128)  Tax  effect  of  tax  losses  not  recognised  171  5,799  Utilisation  of  tax  losses  not  previously  recognised  (295)  (123)  Tax  effect  of  temporary  differences  not  recognised  (271)  (859)  Over provision  in  previous  years  -  (558)  Income tax credit  (387)  (558)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17.  DIVIDENDS

No  dividend  was  paid  or  proposed  during  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  nor  has  any  dividend  been  proposed since  the  end  of  the  reporting  date  (Year  ended  30  June  2021:  Nil).

## 18.  LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

The  calculation  of  the  basic  loss  per  share  attributable  to  the  equity  holders  of  the  Company  is  based  on  the following  data:

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss  for  the  year  for  the  purpose  of  basic  loss  per  share  Loss  for  the  year  attributable  to  the  equity  holders  of  the  Company  (87,998)  (106,340)  Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  '000  '000  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of  basic  loss  per  share  4,497,028  4,299,491   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  computation  of  diluted  loss  per  share  does  not  assume  the  conversion  of  the  Company's  outstanding convertible  loan  notes  since  their  assumed  exercise  would  result  in  a  decrease  in  loss  per  share.

The computation of diluted loss per share does not assume the exercise of the Company's options because the exercise  price  of  those  options  was  higher  than  the  average  market  price  for  shares  for  both  year  ended  30 June  2022  and  2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 19.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Furniture,  fixtures  and  equipment  Plant  and  machinery  Leasehold  improvement  Motor  vehicles  Computer  equipment  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  COST  At  1  July  2020  1,062  11,605  8,135  3,102  11,593  35,497  Additions,  at  cost  246  1,620  8,114  -  134  10,114  Transferred  from  right-of-use  assets  -  -  -  820  -  820  Disposals  -  (42)  -  -  -  (42)  Disposal  through  deregistration  of  subsidiaries  -  -  (207)  (54)  -  (261)  Exchange realignment  49  510  129  139  1,004  1,831  At 30 June 2021 and at 1 July 2021  1,357  13,693  16,171  4,007  12,731  47,959  Additions,  at  cost  -  121  -  -  -  121  Transferred  from  right-of-use  assets  -  -  -  560  -  560  Disposals  (242)  -  -  (560)  -  (802)  Disposal  of  subsidiaries (Note  42)  -  -  (9,914)  -  -  (9,914)  Exchange realignment  (10)  35  (3)  (3)  (2)  17  At 30 June 2022  1,105  13,849  6,254  4,004  12,729  37,941  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND IMPAIRMENT  At  1  July  2020  996  252  3,621  3,074  11,166  19,109  Depreciation  charged  for  the  year  49  1,283  3,908  -  71  5,311  Transferred  from  right-of-use  assets  -  -  -  792  -  792  Eliminated  on  disposals  -  (6)  -  -  -  (6)  Eliminated  on  disposals  through  deregistration  of  subsidiaries  -  -  (207)  (54)  -  (261)  Impairment loss  recognised (Note  12)  42  3,509  677  50  323  4,601  Exchange realignment  47  4  129  135  982  1,297  At 30 June 2021 and at 1 July 2021  1,134  5,042  8,128  3,997  12,542  30,843  Depreciation  charged  for  the  year  53  780  418  27  40  1,318  Transferred  from  right-of-use  assets  -  -  -  261  -  261  Eliminated  on  disposals  (242)  -  -  (261)  -  (503)  Eliminated  on  disposal  of  subsidiaries (Note  42)  -  -  (3,689)  -  -  (3,689)  Impairment loss  recognised (Note  12)  17  5,807  38  -  32  5,894  Exchange realignment  (8)  -  (3)  (20)  (2)  (33)  At 30 June 2022  954  11,629  4,892  4,004  12,612  34,091  CARRYING AMOUNTS  At 30 June 2022  151  2,220  1,362  -  117  3,850  At  30  June  2021  223  8,651  8,043  10  189  17,116   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:   During  the  year,  certain  subsidiaries  of  the  Company  were  inactive.  Management  of  the  Company  is  as  of  the  view  that the  impairment  loss  is  required  to  be  made  for  the  property,  plant  and  equipment  held  by  these  subsidiaries  and accordingly,  impairment  loss  on  property,  plant  and  equipment  amounted  to  approximately  HK$5,894,000  (30  June 2021: HK$4,601,000) was recognised in respect of the current year.

## 20.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

| Leased  land  Leased  properties  Motor  vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Note (a)  Note (b)  Note (c)  COST  At  1  July  2020  2,084  13,291  1,380  16,755  Additions,  at  cost  -  2,640  -  2,640  Transfer  to  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  -  (820)  (820)  Disposals  -  (4,280)  -  (4,280)  Exchange realignment  204  -  -  204  At 30 June 2021 and at 1 July 2021  2,288  11,651  560  14,499  Transfer  to  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  -  (560)  (560)  Disposal  of  subsidiaries (Note  42)  -  (8,515)  -  (8,515)  Exchange realignment  50  -  -  50  At 30 June 2022  2,338  3,136  -  5,474  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND  IMPAIRMENT  At  1  July  2020  26  1,457  530  2,013  Depreciation  charged  for  the  year  29  4,658  440  5,127  Transfer  to  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  -  (792)  (792)  Eliminated  on  disposals  -  (1,370)  -  (1,370)  Exchange realignment  3  (1)  -  2  At 30 June 2021 and at 1 July 2021  58  4,744  178  4,980  Depreciation  charged  for  the  year  -  998  83  1,081  Transfer  to  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  -  (261)  (261)  Eliminated  on  disposals  of  subsidiaries (Note  42)  -  (3,406)  -  (3,406)  Impairment loss  recognised (Note  12)  2,240  -  -  2,240  Exchange realignment  40  -  -  40  At 30 June 2022  2,338  2,336  -  4,674  CARRYING AMOUNTS  At 30 June 2022  -  800  -  800  At  30  June  2021  2,230  6,907  382  9,519   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) The  leased  land  represents  land  use  rights  in  respect  of  certain  land  parcels  located  in  the  PRC  that  was  transferred from  a  non-controlling  interest  as  its  capital  contribution  to  a  subsidiary  of  the  Company.  Such  leased  land  is depreciated  over  the  relevant  land  lease  period  of  approximately  20  years.  During  the  year,  the  subsidiary  was  inactive, accordingly,  impairment  loss  amounted  to  HK$2,240,000  (30  June  2021:  HK$Nil)  was  recognised  in  respect  of  the current  year.

(b) Leased properties  represent  lease  of  properties  by  the  Group  for  certain  of  the  Group's  offices  and  factories.  Leases  are negotiated  and  rentals  are  fixed  for  average  terms  of  2  to  3  years.

(c) Motor vehicles  represent  the  Group's  lease  of  motor  vehicle  under  finance  lease.  The  average  lease  term  is  four  years. Interest  rates  on  the  leases  is  fixed  at  3.13%  per  annum.  During  the  year,  the  Group  exercised  the  option  and purchased the motor vehicle for a nominal amount at the end of the lease terms, accordingly, such motor vehicle was transferred  to  property,  plant  and  equipment  (Note  19).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 21.  GOODWILL

| HK$'000  COST  At  1  July  2020,  30  June  2021,  1  July  2021  and  30  June  2022  313,289  ACCUMULATED IMPAIRMENT  At  1  July  2020  267,150  Impairment loss  recognised  for  the  year (Note  12)  33,834  At  30  June  2021  and  1  July  2021  300,984  Impairment loss  recognised  for  the  year (Note  12)  12,305  At 30 June 2022  313,289  CARRYING AMOUNTS  At 30 June 2022  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  30  June  2021

12,305

For  the  purpose  of  impairment  testing,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  goodwill  has  been  allocated  to  the following  cash-generating  units  (' CGUs '):

| Goodwill (net of impairment)  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Lottery-related  services  -  12,305   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An  analysis  of  the  impairment  loss  recognised  on  goodwill  in  profit  or  loss  in  respect  of  the  current  and  prior years  is  as  follows:

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Impairment loss  recognised  on  goodwill  allocated  to:  - Lottery-related  services  12,305  -  - Internet plus  supply  chain  services  -  33,834  12,305  33,834   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21.  GOODWILL - continued

## Lottery-related services

During the current  year,  the  Group  ceased  for  the  provision  of  lottery-related  services  to  most  of  its  customers, which resulted in  the  significant  decline  in  the  business  operations  of  this  group  of  CGU.  Management  is  of  the view  that  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGU  is  minimal  and  considers  it  appropriate  to  recognise  additional impairment loss on the goodwill allocated to this group of CGU amounted to HK$12,305,000 (2021: Nil) in the Group's profit  and  loss  in  respect  of  the  current  year.

## Internet  plus  supply  chain  services

Following  the  significant  decline  in  the  business  operations  of  this  group  of  CGU  during  the  prior  year  ended 30  June  2021  as  a  result  of  the  suspension  of  the  Management  Service  Agreement  with  Sinopharm  Traditional Chinese  Medicine  Co.  Ltd,  a  shareholder  of  the  Company,  management  was  of  the  view  that  the  recoverable amount  of  the  CGU  was  minimal  and  considered  it  appropriate  to  recognise  the  remaining  balance  of  the goodwill  allocated  to  this  group  of  CGU  amounted  to  HK$33,834,000  in  profit  or  loss  of  the  Group  in  respect of  the  prior  year  ended  30  June  2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 22.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Computer  software  Service  contracts  Intellectual  property  right  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  COST  At  1  July  2020  3,050  27,614  5,485  36,149  Exchange realignment  283  759  527  1,569  At  30  June  2021  and  at  1  July  2021  3,333  28,373  6,012  37,718  Eliminated  on  deregistration  of  subsidiaries  -  (8,710)  (6,048)  (14,758)  Exchange realignment  (83)  52  36  5  At 30 June 2022  3,250  19,715  -  22,965  ACCUMULATED AMORTISATION  At  1  July  2020  3,009  24,391  4,388  31,788  Charged for the year  16  -  -  16  Exchange realignment  281  607  422  1,310  At  30  June  2021  and  at  1  July  2021  3,306  24,998  4,810  33,114  Charged for the year  27  -  -  27  Eliminated  on  deregistration  of  subsidiaries  -  (6,968)  (4,839)  (11,807)  Exchange realignment  (83)  42  29  (12)  At 30 June 2022  3,250  18,072  -  21,322  ACCUMULATED IMPAIRMENT  At  1  July  2020  -  3,223  1,097  4,320  Exchange realignment  -  152  105  257  At  30  June  2021  and  1  July  2021  -  3,375  1,202  4,577  Eliminated  on  deregistration  of  subsidiaries  -  (1,742)  (1,209)  (2,951)  Exchange realignment  -  10  7  17  At 30 June 2022  -  1,643  -  1,643  CARRYING AMOUNTS  At 30 June 2022  -  -  -  -  At  30  June  2021  27  -  -  27   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS - continued

Amortisation for  intangible  assets  with  finite  useful  lives  is  provided  on  a  straight  line  basis  over  their  estimated useful  lives.  The  estimated  useful  lives  are  as  follows:

| Computer software  5  years  Service  contracts  3-5 years  Intellectual  property  right  5  years   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23.  INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost  of  investments  in  unlisted  joint  ventures  47,860  47,860  Share  of  post  acquisition  profits  less  losses  of  joint  ventures  (39,457)  (39,457)  Exchange realignment  232  460  8,635  8,863  Amounts due from joint ventures  6,700  6,878  Impairment loss  recognised  (14,927)  (14,927)  Exchange realignment  (408)  (814)  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts due from joint ventures are unsecured, interest free and have no fixed repayment term. Details of the  joint  ventures  as  at  30  June  2022  are  as  follows:

| Name  Form of business  structure  Place  of  establishment  and operation  Class  of  capital  Percentage of ownership  interest  held  by  the  Group  Principal  activities  2022  2021  北京中文發數字科技有限公司  (China  Culture  Development Digital  Technology Co., Ltd.)  ('  China  Culture  ')  Sino-foreign  equity  joint  venture  PRC  Registered  49%  49%  Research  and  development  of  software  and  information  technology products;  system  integrations;  technology  consultancy  and  other  services  重慶禮光博軟科技發展有限公司  (Chongqing Lightsoft Technology  Development Co., Ltd.)  ('  Chongqing Lightsoft  ')  Limited  liability  company  PRC  Registered  27%  27%  Development of software, and  trading  of  computer  hardware   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Chongqing Lightsoft is  a  55%  owned  subsidiary  of  China  Culture.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 23.  INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES - continued

Summarised  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  of  China  Culture  and  its  subsidiary,  Chongqing Lightsoft,  and  reconciliation  of  the  carrying  amount  of  interests  in  joint  ventures  recognised  in  the  consolidated financial  statements  are  as  follows:

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current  assets  52,082  53,464  Non-current assets  3,706  3,805  Current  liabilities  (14,266)  (14,646)  Translation  reserve  (16,368)  (16,803)  Other reserve  (7,532)  (7,732)  17,622  18,088  Reconciled  to  the  Group's  interests  in  the  joint  venture:  Gross  amounts of  the  joint  venture's  net  assets  17,622  18,088  Group's effective  interest  49%  49%  Carrying  amounts  of  interests  in  joint  venture  8,635  8,863  Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  -  -  Other income  -  -  Profit  for  the  year  -  -  Profit  for  the  year  attributable  to:  Equity  holders  of  China  Culture  -  -  Non-controlling  interests  -  -  -  -  Group's share of profit  of  the  joint  venture  - recognised  -  -  - unrecognised  -  -  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:     The  share  of  results  of  the  joint  ventures  for  the  year  has  not  been  recognised  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements as  the  directors  consider  that  the  joint  ventures  are  inactive  during  the  year  and  it  is  appropriate  to  recognise impairment loss  in  full  against  the  cost  at  the  Group's  investments  in  and  amounts  due  from  joint  ventures.

## 24.  INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Unlisted  investment  22,991  41,517  Share  of  post-acquisition  profits  630  4,146  23,621  45,663  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Movements during the year:  At  beginning  of  the  year  45,663  42,075  Share  of  (losses)/profits  recognised  for  the  year  (153)  3,588  Adjustment for dilution  of  interest  in  associates  (21,889)  -  At  end  of  the  year  23,621  45,663   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Particulars  regarding  the  associates  of  the  Group  are  as  follows:

| Name  Particulars  of  issued shares/  registered capital  Place  of  incorporation/  operation  Percentage of ownership  interest  held  by  the  Group  Principal  activity  2022  2021  Ever  Development  Holdings  Limited  ('  Ever  Development  ')  Ordinary  shares  BVI  20%  40%  Investment  holding  Kenford Medical Group  Co.  Ltd.  ('  Kenford  ')  Ordinary  shares  Hong Kong  20%  40%  Provision  of  Chinese  medical  consultation  and  sale  of  Chinese medical products  and personal protective  equipment  Hong Kong Expert  Medical  Group  Co.  Ltd.  ('  Hong Kong  Expert  ')  Ordinary  shares  Hong Kong  20%  40%  Provision  of  Chinese  medical  consultation  and  sale  of  Chinese medical products  Wong Cheung Wah  Medical  Group  Co.  Ltd.  ('  Wong Cheung  Wah  ')  Ordinary  shares  Hong Kong  14%  28%  Provision  of  Chinese  medical  consultation  and  sale  of  Chinese medical products  Shenzhen Kenford  Technology Co. Ltd.  ('  SZ Kenford  ')  Registered  capital  PRC  20%  40%  Sale  of  Chinese  medical  products  and  personal  protective  products  Jian  He  Tang  Company  Limited  ('  Jian  He  Tang  ')  Ordinary  shares  Hong Kong  20%  -  Provision  of  Chinese  medical  consultation  and  sale  of  Chinese medical products   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Kenford,  Hong  Kong  Expert,  Wong  Cheung  Wah,  SZ  Kenford  and  Jian  He  Tang  are  subsidiaries  of  Ever Development.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 24.  INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued

## Acquisition of Ever Development

On 3 June 2020, Sinopharm Tech Corporate Management Limited (' STCM '),  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the Company,  acquired  40%  equity  interest  in  Ever  Development  from  certain  third  parties  (the  ' Vendors ')  for  a consideration  of  HK$41,600,000  which  was  satisfied  by  180,869,565  new  ordinary  shares  issued  by  the Company.

Pursuant  to  the  related  sale  and  purchase  agreement,

- (i) the  Vendors  has  guaranteed  to  STCM  that  the  audited  net  profit  after  taxation  of  Ever  Development  for each year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 shall not be less than HK$13,000,000 or the audited  net  profit  after  taxation  of  Ever  Development  for  the  two  years  ended  31  December  2021  shall not  be  less  than  HK$26,000,000  in  aggregate  (the  ' Profit  Guarantee ').  In  the  event  that  the  actual profit of Ever Development  is  less than  the Profit  Guarantee,  the  Vendors  are  required  to  make compensation  to  STCM  in  the  maximum  amount  of  HK$24,960,000,  which  is  calculated  based  on  the formula  as  set  out  in  the  sale  and  purchase  agreement.
- (ii) in  the  event  that  the  actual  net  profit  after  taxation  of  Ever  Development  for  the  year  ended  31  December 2020  is  HK$15,000,000  or  above,  the  Vendors  are  entitled  to  a  performance  award  (the  ' Performance Award '),  which  is  determined  based  on  the  formula  as  set  out  in  the  agreement  and  is  to  be  settled  by additional  new  shares  issued  by  the  Company.
- (iii) the  Vendors  has  granted  a  call  option  (the  ' Call  Option ')  to  STCM  under  which  STCM  is  entitled  to acquire  additional  equity  interest  in  Ever  Development  to  a  maximum  of  11%  from  the  Vendors  for  the consideration  which  is  calculated  based  on  the  formula  set  out  in  the  agreement  during  the  period  from 1  January  2021  to  31  December  2021  and  the  acquisition  consideration  is  to  be  satisfied  by  payment  in cash  or  issue  of  new  shares  by  the  Company.

Management  of  the  Group  determined  that  the  net  profit  after  taxation  of  Ever  Development  for  each  of  the years  ended  31  December  2020  and  31  December  2021  is  not  less  than  the  Profit  Guarantee,  accordingly  the Group is  not  entitled  to  receive  any  compensation  as  stated  in  paragraph  (i)  above.

During the prior  year  ended  30  June  2021,  the  Company  issued  55,652,174  new  shares  to  the  Vendors  for  the settlement  of  the  Performance  Award,  details  of  which  are  set  out  in  note  38.

During  the  current  year,  STCM  has  not  exercised  the  Call  Option  to  acquire  additional  interest  in  Ever Development and the Call Option lapsed accordingly.

## Dilution  of  shareholding  in  Ever  Development

During the current year,  the  shareholders  of  Ever  Development,  except  STCM,  made  capital  contribution  to  Ever Development  on  6  June  2022,  which  resulted  in  a  dilution  of  the  Group's  shareholding  in  Ever  Development from  40%  to  20%.  The  loss  on  dilution of interest in  Ever  Development  amounted  to  approximately HK$21,889,000  (2021:  Nil)  was  charged  to  profit  or  loss  of  the  Group  in  respect  of  the  current  year.  Details regarding  the  dilution  of  interest  in  associates  are  set  out  in  the  announcement  dated  7  June  2022  made  by the  Company.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 24.  INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES - continued

The financial  information  of  Ever  Development  and  its  subsidiaries  is  summarised  as  below:

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  19,685  7,625  Current  assets  21,795  28,482  Current  liabilities  (10,987)  (10,947)  Non-current liabilities  (5,023)  (3,636)  Net  assets  25,470  21,524  Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  50,714  26,025  (Loss)/profit  and  total  comprehensive  (expense)/income  for  the  year  (97)  8,969   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reconciliation  of  the  above  recognised  financial  information  to  the  carrying  amount  of  the  interests  in  the associate  recognised  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements:

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Net  assets  of  Ever  Development  25,470  21,524  Proportion  of  the  Group's  ownership  interest  in  Ever  Development  20%  40%  Group's share of net assets  of  Ever  Development  5,094  8,610  Goodwill  18,527  37,053  Carrying  amount  of  the  Group's  interest  in  Ever  Development  23,621  45,663   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 25.  INVENTORIES

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Raw materials and consumables  211  1,661  Finished  goods  471  3,084  682  4,745   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.  TRADE RECEIVABLES

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade  receivables  117,907  93,767  Less:  Impairment  (89,488)  (79,453)  Trade  receivables,  net  of  impairment  28,419  14,314   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Payment  terms  of  trade  debts  are  mainly  on  credit.  Invoices  are  normally  payable  within  30  to  180  days  from invoice  date.  The  following  is  an  aged  analysis  of  trade  receivables  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period:

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0  to  30  days  61  4,468  31 to  60  days  -  822  61 to  180  days  23,641  34  181 to 365 days  6,151  594  Over one year  88,054  87,849  117,907  93,767   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.  TRADE RECEIVABLES - continued

The  trade  receivables  with  the  carrying  amount  of  HK$61,000  (30  June  2021:  HK$4,468,000)  are  neither  past due nor impaired at the end of the reporting period.

The Group  has policies for allowances of doubtful receivables which are based on the evaluation of collectability and aged analysis of accounts and on the management's  judgement  including the credit worthiness,  collaterals  and  the  past  collection  history  of  each  customer.

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  the  Group  made  an  allowance  of  HK$10,363,000  (30  June  2021: HK$8,074,000)  in  respect  of  trade  receivables,  which  were  past  due  at  the  reporting  date  with  long  age  and slow  repayments  from  the  respective  customers  since  the  due  date.

Movements in the impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Balance  at  the  beginning  of  the  year  79,453  70,651  Eliminated  on  deregistration  of  subsidiaries  (74)  -  Charge for the year (Note  12)  10,363  8,074  Exchange realignment  (254)  728  Balance  at  the  end  of  the  year  89,488  79,453   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  determining  the  expected  credit  loss  of  the  trade  receivables,  the  Group  considers  any  change  in  the  credit quality  of  the  trade  receivables  from  the  date  credit  was  initially  granted.  The  trade  receivables  past  due  but not  provided  for  were  either  settled  after  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  or  no  historical  default  of  payments by  the  respective  customers.

Included  in  the  Group's  trade  receivables  are  receivables  with  the  aggregate  carrying  amount  of  HK$862,000 (30  June  2021:  HK$1,672,000)  which  are  past  due  at  the  reporting  date  for  which  the  Group  has  not  provided as  there  has  not  been  a  significant  change  in  credit  quality  and  the  amount  are  still  considered  recoverable.  The Group  does  not  hold  any  collateral  over  these  balances.  The  aging  of  these  overdue  trade  receivables  but  not impaired  is  as  follows:

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0  to  30  days  -  850  31 to  60  days  -  822  61 to  180  days  862  -  181 to 365 days  -  -  Over one year  -  -  862  1,672   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 27.  OTHER RECEIVABLES, DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other receivables  41,467  33,748  Less:  Impairment  (27,471)  (21,494)  Other receivables,  net  of  impairment  13,996  12,254  Deposits  for  purchase  of  goods  for  resale  671  5,790  Other deposits  paid  12,617  15,295  Less:  Impairment  (11,852)  (11,852)  Deposits  paid,  net  of  impairment  1,436  9,233  Prepayments  554  1,615  15,986  23,102  Movements in impairment of other receivables are as follows:  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Balance  at  the  beginning  of  the  year  21,494  16,236  Deregistration  of  subsidiaries  (817)  -  Charge for the year (Note  12)  6,999  4,782  Exchange realignment  (205)  476  Balance  at  the  end  of  the  year  27,471  21,494   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included  in  other  receivables,  less  impairment,  are  the  amount  due  from  a  related  party  of  HK$2,998,000  at  30 June  2022  (30  June  2021:  HK$3,078,000)  (Note  46(a)(viii))  which  is  unsecured,  interest  free  and  repayable  on demand.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 27.  OTHER RECEIVABLES, DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS - continued

Movements in impairment of deposits paid are as follows:

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Balance  at  beginning  and  end  of  the  year  11,852  11,852   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28.  BANK BALANCES AND CASH

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash and bank deposits denominated in:  Hong Kong dollar ('  HK$  ')  1,186  3,499  Renminbi ('  RMB  ')  1,790  3,967  United  States  dollar  ('  US$  ')  15  16  2,991  7,482   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  remittance  of  the  bank  deposits  denominated  in  RMB  out  of  the  PRC  is  subject  to  the  exchange  control restrictions  imposed  by  the  PRC  government.

## 29.  TRADE PAYABLES

An aged analysis of the Group's trade payables at the end of the reporting period, based on the date of goods and services  received,  is  as  follows:

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0  to  30  days  91  67  31 to  120  days  2,499  12,601  121 to 180 days  25,447  20,637  181 to 365 days  5,821  481  Over one year  20,731  7,727  54,589  41,513   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30.  ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Consideration  for  acquisition  of  subsidiaries  payable (Note  a)  -  22,000  Amount due to non-controlling interest (Note b)  1,307  1,307  Amounts due to third parties (Note c)  2,005  1,905  Interest  on  convertible  bonds  payable  2,917  11,231  Contract  liabilities (Note  d)  2,787  7,308  Accrued salaries  4,694  3,920  Other payables and accrued charges (Note e)  8,334  11,681  22,044  59,352   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) The  consideration  for  acquisition  of  subsidiaries  payable  was  unsecured  and  interest  free.  On  14  September  2021,  the Group obtained a written consent from the previous owner of the subsidiaries, that the due date for settlement of the consideration  payable  was  further  extended  to  31  December  2022.  On  31  May  2022,  the  previous  owner  of  the subsidiaries has waived settlement of the outstanding consideration, accordingly such payable amounted to HK$22,000,000 was written off and included in other income and gains in respect of the current year (Note 11).
- (b) The amount due to non-controlling interest is  unsecured,  interest  free  and  repayable  on  demand.
- (c) The amounts due to third parties are unsecured, interest  free  and  repayable  on  demand.
- (d) Contract  liabilities  represent  advance  payments  received  from  customers  for  sale  of  goods.  When  the  customer  initially purchases  the  goods,  the  transaction  price  received  at  that  point  by  the  Group  is  recognised  as  contract  liability  until the  goods  have  been  delivered  to  the  customer.  The  contract  liabilities  at  30  June  2022  is  expected  to  be  recognised as  revenue  of  the  Group  for  the  next  financial  year.  The  contract  liabilities  amounted  to  approximately  HK$5,187,000 at  30  June  2021  was  recognised  as  revenue  of  the  Group  for  the  current  year  and  the  contract  liabilities  amounted  to approximately  HK$6,353,000  at  30  June  2020  was  recognised  as  revenue  of  the  Group  for  the  prior  year  ended  30 June  2021.  The  expected  timing  of  the  revenue  recognition  of  the  performance  obligations  that  are  unsatisfied  (or partially  unsatisfied)  at  30  June  2022  and  30  June  2021  is  within  one  year.  As  permitted  under  HKFRS15,  the transaction  price  allocated  to  those  contracts  is  not  disclosed.
- (e) During  the  year,  the  Company  entered  in  an  agreement  with  certain  sundry  creditors  for  the  waive  of  outstanding balance  of  other  payables  due  by  the  Group  to  them.  Gain  on  write  back  of  other  payables  due  to  these  sundry creditors  amounted  to  approximately  HK$4,819,000  (30  June  2021:  Nil)  was  recognised  in  profit  and  loss  of  the  Group and included in  other  income  and  gains  (Note  11).

## 31.  AMOUNTS DUE TO DIRECTORS

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amounts due to:  - Madam Cheung Kwai Lan  3,124  40,553  - Mr. Chan Ting  -  7,449  - Mr. Liao Zhe  3,337  1,889  - Mr. Cheuk Ka Chun, Kevin  2,029  4,427  8,490  54,318   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts due to directors are unsecured, interest  free  and  repayable  on  demand.

During  the  current  year,  the  Company  entered  into  agreements  with  the  directors,  Madam  Cheung  Kwai  Lan and  Mr.  Chan  Ting,  for  the  settlement  of  portions  of  the  outstanding  amounts  due  by  the  Group  to  them, details  of  which  are  set  out  in  Note  46(a)(iii).  The  gain  on  the  settlement  of  the  amount  due  to  Madam Cheung  Kwai  Lan  (also  a  shareholder  of  the  Company)  amounted  to  approximately  HK$18,449,000  is  deemed contribution  by  shareholder  and  was  recognised  in  the  capital  reserve.  The  gain  on  the  settlement  of  the amount due to  Mr.  Chan  Ting  amounted  to  approximately  HK$1,108,000  was  recognised  in  profit  and  loss  of the  Group  and  included  in  other  income  and  gains  (Note  11).

## 32.  AMOUNTS DUE TO RELATED PARTIES

The amounts due to related parties are analysed as follows:

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amounts due to:  - Family members of directors of the Company  4,891  2,940  - An entity controlled by a director  of  the  Company  2,108  2,164  - Directors of subsidiary  of  the  Company  3,622  6,452  - An entity controlled by a director  of  a  subsidiary  of  the  Company  1,523  1,563  12,144  13,119   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These  balances  are  unsecured,  interest-free  and  repayable  on  demand  or  within  one  year  after  the  end  of  the reporting  period.

Included  in  amounts  due  to  directors  of  subsidiary  of  the  Company  is  amount  due  by  the  Group  to  Ms.  Ng  Pik Yin,  the  spouse  of  a  director  of  a  subsidiary  of  the  Company.  During  the  current,  year,  the  Company  entered into  agreement  with  Ms.  Ng  Pik  Yin  for  the  settlement  of  portions  of  the  outstanding  amounts  due  by  the Group  to  her,  details  of  which  are  set  out  in  Note  46(a)(iii).  This  settlement  resulted  in  a  gain  amounted  to approximately  HK$1,030,000  which  was  recognised  in  profit  and  loss  of  the  Group  and  included  in  other income and gains (Note 11).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 33.  AMOUNT DUE TO A SHAREHOLDER

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Unsecured amount due to a shareholder  105,747  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  amount  due  to  shareholder  at  30  June  2022  was  interest  free  and  repayable  on  demand  after  its re-classification  from  convertible  bonds  to  accruals  and  other  payables  (Note  35(a)(iii)).

## 34.  LEASE LIABILITIES

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Lease  liabilities  payable:  Within  one  year  934  4,150  Within  a  period  of  more  than  one  year  but  not  more  than  two  years  -  3,582  934  7,732  Less:    Amounts  due  for  settlement  within  12  months  shown  under  current  liabilities  (934)  (4,150)  Amounts due for settlement after 12 months shown under non-current  liabilities  -  3,582   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35.  CONVERTIBLE BONDS

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Convertible  bonds:  - Liability  component  44,995  87,041  Classified  under  current  liabilities:  - Convertible bonds  44,995  87,041   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 35.  CONVERTIBLE BONDS - continued

## (a)  Convertible bonds issued in prior years

On  17  January  2014,  the  Company  issued  the  2%  Bonds,  due  on  17  January  2017  with  a  principal amount of HK$89,625,000, at 2% coupon interest rate to a shareholder of the Company. Pursuant to the terms  of  the  agreement  for  the  convertible  bonds,  the  convertible  bonds,  which  are  matured  on  17 January  2017,  are  convertible  into  ordinary  shares  of  the  Company  with  the  initial  conversion  price  of HK$2.39  per  share.  As  a  result  of  the  share  subdivision  scheme  of  the  Company  implemented  on  17 December  2014,  the  number  of  the  shares  to  be  issued  upon  full  conversion  of  the  convertible  bonds was adjusted to 150,000,000 shares at the adjusted conversion price of HK$0.598 per share.

The  maturity  period  of  the  convertible  bonds  were  further  extended  to  17  July  2017,  17  January  2018, 17  July  2018,  17  January  2019,  17  July  2019  and  17  January  2020.  The  conversion  price  of  the convertible  bonds  was  adjusted  to  HK$0.34  per  share  and  the  maximum  number  of  shares  issuable  under the  convertible  bonds  was  adjusted  to  263,602,941,  both  of  which  are  effective  as  from  10  May  2019.

## (i) 8% Bonds July 2020

On  18  January  2020,  the  Company  entered  into  a  fourth  amendment  agreement  with  the bondholder,  under  which  the  maturity  date  of  the  bonds  was  extended  to  17  July  2020  and interest  is  payable  at  the  interest  rate  8%  per  annum  up  to  the  maturity  date  of  17  July  2020. Pursuant  to  the  term  of  the  fourth  amendment,  the  convertible  bonds  are  convertible  into  ordinary share  of  the  Company  at  the  conversion  price  of  HK0.359  per  share  (' 8% Bonds July 2020 ').

Following  the  change  of  the  functional  currency  of  the  Company  to  HK$  during  the  prior  year ended  30  June  2020,  the  8%  Bonds  July  2020  contained  liability  and  equity  components.  The effective  interest  rate  of  the  liability  component  was  estimated  to  be  approximately  23.93%  per annum.  The  equity  component  was  presented  under  the  equity  and  included  in  'convertible  bonds reserve'.

The fair value of the liability component  of  the 8%  Bonds  July 2020  at the date of its amendments,  which  was  valued  by  an  independent  valuer  based  on  the  present  value  of  the estimated  future  cash  outflows  discounted  at  the  prevailing  market  rate  for  an  equivalent  nonconvertible  loan,  was  estimated  to  be  HK$83,082,000.  The  effective  interest  rate  adopted  for  the liability  component  was  estimated  to  be  approximately  23.93%  per  annum.  Details  of  the  principal valuation  parameters  applied  in  determining  the  liability  component  is  summarised  as  follows:

| At date of amendment  Principal  amount:  HK$89,625,000  Coupon rate:  8% per annum  Maturity  date:  17 July  2020  Conversion price:  HK$0.34  Risk-free  rate:  1.814%  Expected volatility:  70.13%  Expected dividend yield:  0%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 35.  CONVERTIBLE BONDS - continued

## (a)  Convertible bonds issued in prior years - continued

## (ii) 8% Bonds January 2021

On  17  July  2020,  the  Company  obtained  written  consent  from  the  bondholder,  under  which  the maturity  date  of  the  8%  Bonds  July  2020  was  extended  to  17  January  2021  with  other  terms  and conditions  remained  unchanged.

The  revised  8%  Bonds  July  2020  (the  ' 8%  Bonds  January  2021 ')  contained  liability  and  equity components. The effective interest rate of the liability component was estimated to be approximately  7.49% per annum.

The  fair  value  of  the  liability  component  of  the  8%  Bonds  January  2021  at  the  date  of  its amendments  was  valued  by  management  based  on  the  present  value  of  the  estimated  future  cash outflows  discounted  at  the  prevailing  market  rate  for  an  equivalent  non-convertible  loan.

Details  of  the  principal  valuation  parameters  applied  in  determining  the  liability  component  and equity  component are summarised as follows:

| At date of amendment  Principal  amount:  HK$89,625,000  Coupon rate:  8% per annum  Maturity  date:  17 January 2021  Conversion price:  HK$0.34  Risk-free  rate:  1.814%  Expected volatility:  70.13%  Expected dividend yield:  0%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35.  CONVERTIBLE BONDS - continued

## (a)  Convertible bonds issued in prior years - continued

## (iii)  10% Bonds January 2022

On  18  January 2021, the Company  entered  into  the fifth  amendment  agreement  with  the bondholder  to  amend  certain  terms  and  conditions  of  8%  Bonds  January  2021,  under  which  the conversion  price  was  amended  to  HK$0.221  per  share  and  the  convertible  bonds  carry  interest  at 10%  per  annum,  are  convertible  into  405,542,986  shares  at  the  revised  convertible  price  of HK$0.221 per share and the maturity date was extended to 17 January 2022.

The  revised  8%  Bonds  January  2020  (the  ' 10% Bonds January 2022 ')  contain  liability  and  equity components. The effective interest rate of the liability component was estimated to be approximately  16.30%  per  annum.  The  equity  component  is  presented  under  the  equity  and included  in  'convertible  bonds  reserve'.

The  fair  value  of  the  10%  Bonds  January  2022  at  the  date  of  amendment  (i.e.  18  January  2021) was estimated to be HK$89,675,000 as valued by an external valuer.

The  fair  value  of  the  liability  component  of  the  10%  Bonds  January  2022  was  estimated  to  be HK$85,168,000  at  the  date  of  amendments  as  valued  by  the  external  valuer  based  on  the  present value  of  the  estimated  future  cash  outflows  discounted  at  the  prevailing  market  rate  for  an equivalent  non-convertible  loan.  Details  of  the  principal  valuation  parameters  applied  in  determining the  fair  value  of  the  10%  Bonds  January  2022  liability  component  is  summarised  as  follows:

| At date of amendment  Principal  amount:  HK$89,625,000  Coupon rate:  10% per annum  Maturity  date:  17 January 2022  Conversion price:  HK$0.221  Risk-free  rate:  0.105%  Expected volatility:  75.71%  Expected dividend yield:  0%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  10%  Bonds  January  2022  matured  on  17  January  2022  and  the  Bonds  were  not  repaid  or converted  into  shares  of  the  Company  upon  their  maturity.  In  this  respect,  the  total  outstanding balance  of  the  Bonds  of  HK$105,747,000,  comprising  the  principal  amount  of  the  Bonds  of HK$89,625,000 and the related accrued interests of HK$16,122,000 (included in accruals and other payables),  was  reclassified  to  amount  due  to  a  shareholder  upon  their  maturity.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 35.  CONVERTIBLE BONDS - continued

## (b)  Convertible bonds issued during the current year

## 7% Bonds February 2023

On 30 August 2021, the Company issued the 7% convertible bonds due on 20 February 2023 (the ' 7% Bonds  February  2023 ')  with  a  principal  amount  of  HK$50,000,000,  at  2%  coupon  interest  rate  to  a third  party.  Pursuant  to  the  terms  of  the  agreement  for  the  convertible  bonds,  the  convertible  bonds, which will  be  matured  on  20  February  2023,  are  convertible  into  172,413,793  new  ordinary  shares  of  the Company at the initial  conversion  price  of  HK$0.29  per  share,  subject  to  adjustment.

The  convertible  bonds  contain  liability  and  equity  components.  The  effective  interest  rate  of  the  liability component  is  26.03%  per  annum.  The  equity  component  is  presented  under  the  equity  heading  of 'convertible  bonds  reserve'.

The  fair value of the liability  component  of  the  7%  Bonds  February  2023  was  estimated  to  be HK$39,733,000  at  the  issue  date  as  valued  by  the  external  valuer  based  on  the  present  value  of  the estimated  future  cash  outflows  discounted  at  the  prevailing  market  rate  for  an  equivalent  non-convertible loan.

Details  of  principal  valuation  parameters  applied  in  determining  the  fair  value  of  the  7%  Bonds  February 2023 liability  component  is  summarized  as  follows:

| At 30 August 2021  (date of issue)  Principal  amount:  HK$50,000,000  Coupon rate:  7% per annum  Maturity  date:  20 February 2023  Conversion price:  HK$0.29  Risk-free  rate:  0.096%  Expected volatility:  73.19%  Expected dividend yield:  0%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No repayment for and conversion of the 7% Bonds February 2023 took place during the current year and the  Bonds  remained  outstanding  as  at  30  June  2022.

## 35.  CONVERTIBLE BONDS - continued

Movements of the convertible bonds are set out below:

| Liability  component  8% Bonds  July  2020  8% Bonds  January  2021  10% Bonds  January  2022  7% Bonds  February  2023  Total  Equity  component  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As  at  1  July  2020  89,170  -  -  -  89,170  5,950  Movements during the period from  1  July  2020  to  17  July  2020:  Imputed interest  charge  1,043  -  -  -  1,043  -  Interest  payable  included  in  accruals  and  other  payables  (328)  -  -  -  (328)  -  Arose from amendment of terms of  convertible  bonds,  net  of  tax  effects  (89,885)  89,885  -  -  -  -  Movements during the period from  18 July  2020  to  17  January  2021:  Imputed interest  charge  -  3,325  -  -  3,325  -  Interest  payable  included  in  accruals  and  other  payables  -  (3,585)  -  -  (3,585)  -  Arose from amendment of terms of  convertible  bonds,  net  of  tax  effects  - 8% Bonds January 2021  -  (89,625)  -  -  (89,625)  (5,950)  - 10% Bonds January 2022  -  -  85,168  -  85,168  4,507  Movements during the period from  18 January 2021 to 30 June 2021:  Imputed interest  charge  -  -  5,945  -  5,945  -  Interest  payable  included  in  accruals  and  other  payables  -  -  (4,072)  -  (4,072)  -  As at 30 June 2021 and 1 July 2021  -  -  87,041  -  87,041  4,507  Movements during the year ended  30 June 2022:  Issue  of  convertible  bonds  -  -  -  39,733  39,733  10,267  Deferred  tax  liability  on  recognition  of  equity  component  of  convertible  bonds  (Note  39)  -  -  -  -  -  (1,694)  Imputed interest  charge (Note  13)  -  -  7,475  8,179  15,654  -  Interest  payable  included  in  accruals  and  other  payables  -  -  (4,891)  (2,917)  (7,808)  -  Reclassified  upon  maturity  of  convertible  bonds  -  -  (89,625)  -  (89,625)  (4,507)  As at 30 June 2022  -  -  -  44,995  44,995  8,573   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 36.  UNLISTED WARRANTS

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Unlisted warrants  At  beginning  of  the  year  -  1,880  Lapse  of  unlisted  warrants (Note  11)  -  (1,880)  At  end  of  the  year  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  prior  years,  the  Company  issued  warrants  which  entitle  the  warrant  holder  to  subscribe  for  200,000,000  new ordinary  shares  of  the  Company  at  the  subscription  price  of  HK$0.35  per  share  on  or  before  3  January  2021. During the prior  year  ended  30  June  2021,  the  warrant  lapsed  and  no  ordinary  shares  have  been  issued  in  this respect.

## 37.  OTHER BORROWING

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Promissory  note  payable  within  one  year  -  13,260  Movements during the year are as follows:  Balance  at  beginning  of  the  year  13,260  15,600  Interest  charged  to  profit  or  loss (Note  13)  541  2,791  Promissory  note  repaid  during  the  year  (13,801)  (5,131)  Balance  at  end  of  the  year  -  13,260   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

On  10  October  2019,  a  promissory  note  with  the  principal  amount  of  US$2,000,000  was  issued  by  Sinopharm  (Hong  Kong) Industrial  Co.,  Limited,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  to  a  third  party,  for  a  gross  proceed  of  US$2,000,000. Pursuant to the terms of the note, interest  on  the  promissory  note  is  charged  at  12%  per  annum,  and  the  note  is  secured  by personal  guarantee  given  by  Mr.  Chan  Ting,  a  director  of  the  Company,  and  is  payable  on  or  before  11  October  2020.

During  the  current  year,  the  Group  repaid  the  notes  and  interest  thereon  totalled  approximately  US$1,769,000  (30  June 2021:  US$658,000)  and  the  note  was  fully  repaid  as  at  30  June  2022  (30  June  2021:  principal  amount  of  US$1,700,000 remaining outstanding).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 38.  CONTINGENT CONSIDERATION PAYABLE

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Contingent consideration  payable  in  relation  to  the  acquisition  of  an  associate,  at  fair  value  -  -  Movements during the year are as follows:  Balance  at  beginning  of  the  year  -  5,343  Issue  of  shares  for  settlement  of  contingent  consideration  payable  -  (16,139)  Loss  on  settlement  of  contingent  consideration  payable  -  10,796  Balance  at  end  of  the  year  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details  regarding  the  contingent  consideration  (representing  Performance  Award)  payable  to  the  Vendors  in connection with the acquisition  of  the  associate  are  set  out  in  Note  24.

During  the  prior  year  ended  30  June  2021,  management  of  the  Company  determined  that  the  net  profit  after taxation  of  Ever  Development  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2020  was  not  less  than  HK$15,000,000, accordingly  55,652,174  new  ordinary  shares  of  HK$0.0125  each  were  issued  by  the  Company  on  29  April 2021  to  the  Venders  for  the  settlement  of  the  Performance  Award  pursuant  to  the  agreement  for  the acquisition  of  Ever  Development.  The  fair  value  of  55,652,174  new  ordinary  shares  at  the  date  of  issue  was estimated  to  be  HK$16,139,000  by  reference  to  the  closing  share  price  of  the  shares  of  the  Company  at  that date.  The  loss  on  settlement  of  the  contingent  consideration  payable  amounted  to  HK$10,796,000  was  charged to  profit  or  loss  in  respect  of  the  prior  year.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 39.  DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Deferred  tax  liabilities  classified  under  current  liabilities  1,307  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movements of the deferred tax liabilities  are  as  follows:

| Convertible  bonds  HK$'000  At  1  July  2020  -  Deferred  tax  credited  to  profit  or  loss (Note  16)  -  At  30  June  2021  and  1  July  2021  -  Deferred  tax  arising  on  issue  of  convertible  bonds (Note  35)  1,694  Deferred  tax  credited  to  profit  or  loss (Note  16)  (387)  ## At 30 June 2022  1,307   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  has  unused  tax  losses  of  approximately  HK$92,929,000  (30  June 2021: HK$108,097,000) available for offset against future profits.  No  deferred  tax  asset  has  been  recognised  in respect  of  the  unused  tax  losses  due  to  the  unpredictability  of  future  profits  streams.  Included  in  unused  tax losses  are  losses  of  approximately  HK$40,818,000  (30  June  2021:  HK$39,181,000)  that  will  expire  within  one  to five  years  from  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  Other  losses  may  be  carried  forward  indefinitely.

## 40.  SHARE CAPITAL

| Number of  shares  Nominal  amounts  '000  HK$'000  Ordinary  shares  of  HK$0.0125  each  Authorised:  At  1  July  2020,  30  June  2021,  1  July  2021  and  30  June  2022  16,000,000  200,000  Issued  and  fully  paid:  At  1  July  2020  4,289,725  53,621  Shares  issued  for  settlement  of  Performance  Award (Note  a)  55,652  696  Shares  issued  for  settlement  of  amounts  due  to  certain  shareholder  and/or  director (Note  b)  58,607  733  At  30  June  2021  and  1  July  2021  4,403,984  55,050  Share  issued  for  settlement  of  amounts  due  to  shareholder  and/or  director (Note  c)  133,705  1,671  At  30  June  2022  4,537,689  56,721   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) On 29 April 2021, the Company issued 55,652,174 new ordinary shares for the settlement of the Performance Award in  connection  with  the  acquisition  of  an  associate,  details  of  which  are  set  out  in  Note  38.  The  closing  share  price  of the  Company's shares at  the  date  of  issue  is  HK$0.23  per  share.
- (b) On 30 June 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 58,606,927 new ordinary shares for the settlements of amounts due  by  the  Group  to  certain  shareholders,  details  of  which  are  set  out  in  Notes  46(a)(v)  and  (vi).  The  closing  share price  of  the  Company's  shares  at  the  date  of  issue  is  HK$0.27  per  share.
- (c) On  20  October  2021,  the  Company  issued  an  aggregate  of  133,705,046  new  ordinary  shares  for  the  settlements  of amounts  due  by  the  Group  to  certain  shareholder  and/or  director,  details  of  which  are  set  out  in  Notes  46(a)(iii).  The closing  share  price  of  the  Company's  shares  at  the  date  of  issue  is  HK$0.212  per  share.

## 41.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The  Company has adopted a share option  scheme  on  31  January  2013  which  will  remain  valid  for  a  period  of 10  years  commencing  from  31  January  2013  and  it  was  terminated  on  9  June  2021.  The  Company  adopted  a new  share  option  scheme  on  9  June  2021  which  will  remain  valid  for  a  period  of  10  years  commencing from  9  June  2021.  The  Board  may,  at  its  discretion,  invite  eligible  persons  to  take  up  options  to  subscribe  for the  shares  in  the  Company.  Eligible  persons  shall  include  any  employee,  directors  (including  executive,  nonexecutive  and  independent  non-executive  directors)  and  consultants  of  the  Company  or  of  any  subsidiary  of  the Company or such other persons who at the sole determination of the Board have contributed to the Group at the  time  when  an  option  is  granted  to  such  person.

The maximum number of shares issued and to be issued on the exercise of options granted and to be granted to  each  eligible  participant  (included  both  exercised  and  outstanding  options)  in  any  12  month  period  must  not exceed  1%  of  the  total  issued  share  capital  of  the  Company  in  issue  at  any  time.  Any  further  grant  of  share options  in  excess  of  this  limit  is  subject  to  Shareholder's  approval  in  a  general  meeting.

The  maximum  number  of  shares  of  the  Company  which  may  be  issued  upon  exercise  of  all  the  outstanding options  granted  and  yet  to  be  issued  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme  or  any  other  schemes  must  not,  in aggregate,  exceed  30%  of  the  shares  of  the  Company  in  issue  from  time  to  time.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 41.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME - continued

The  exercise  price  of  the  share  options  is  determinable  by  the  directors,  and  may  not  be  less  than  the  highest of:

- (i) the  closing  price  of  the  shares  of  the  Company  as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's  daily  quotation  sheets on the date of grant,  which  must  be  a  business  day;
- (ii) the  average  closing  price  of  the  shares  of  the  Company  as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's  daily  quotation sheets  for  the  five  business  days  immediately  preceding  the  date  of  grant;  and
- (iii) the  nominal  value  of  a  share  of  the  Company.

Details  of  the  share  options  granted,  exercised,  cancelled  and  lapsed  during  both  of  the  years  presented  are  set out  as  follows:

## Year ended 30 June 2022

| Number of share options  Grantee  Grant date  Exercise  price  per  share  Exercisable period  Balance as at  1  July  2021  Granted  during  the year  Exercised  during  the year  Cancelled  during  the year  Lapsed  during  the year  Balance as at  30 June  2022  HK$  Directors  and  related  party  07/01/2020  0.33  1/6/2020 to 31/12/2022  22,400,000  -  -  -  -  22,400,000  Employees  07/01/2020  0.33  1/6/2020 to 31/12/2022  66,550,000  -  -  -  (900,000)  65,650,000  27/08/2021  0.25  1/10/2021 to 30/09/2024  -  14,000,000  -  -  -  14,000,000  88,950,000  14,000,000  -  -  (900,000)  102,050,000  Other eligible  participants*  14/08/2019  27/08/2021  0.33  0.25  1/1/2020 to 31/12/2022  1/10/2021 to 30/09/2024  90,800,000  -  -  -  -  90,800,000  -  63,000,000  -  -  -  63,000,000  90,800,000  63,000,000  -  -  -  153,800,000  Total  179,750,000  77,000,000  -  -  (900,000)  255,850,000  Weighted average exercise price  0.33  0.25  -  -  0.33  0.31   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Year  ended  30  June  2021

| Number of share options  Grantee  Grant date  Exercise  price  per  share  Exercisable  period  Balance  as  at  1  July  2020  Granted  during  the  year  Exercised  during  the  year  Cancelled  during  the  year  Lapsed  during  the  year  Balance  as  at  30 June  2021  HK$  Directors  and  related  party  07/01/2020  0.33  1/6/2020 to 31/12/2022  26,000,000  -  -  -  (3,600,000)  22,400,000  Employees  07/01/2020  0.33  1/6/2020 to 31/12/2022  66,800,000  -  -  -  (250,000)  66,550,000  92,800,000  -  -  -  (3,850,000)  88,950,000  Other eligible  participants*  14/08/2019  0.33  1/1/2020 to 31/12/2022  90,800,000  -  -  -  -  90,800,000  Total  183,600,000  -  -  -  (3,850,000)  179,750,000  Weighted average exercise price  0.33  -  -  -  0.33  0.33   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Other eligible  participants  include  consultants  of  the  Group.

## 41.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME - continued

During the current  year,  options  were  granted  by  the  Company  to  subscribe  for  77,000,000  new  shares  of  the Company (2021: Nil), details  of  which  are  as  follows:

| Date of grant  Number of  shares under  options granted  Exercise  price  per share  Exercisable period  HK$  27 August 2021  77,000,000  0.25  1  October  2021  to  30  September  2024   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  fair  value  of  the  options  at  27  August  2021  was  estimated  to  be  HK$4,899,000.  The  fair  value  of  the options  granted  was  calculated  using  the  Binomial  Model.  The  inputs  into  the  model  were  as  follows:

| Share options  granted on  27 August 2021  Exercise  price  HK$0.25  Expected volatility  63.39%  Expected life  3.09  years  Risk-free  rate  0.60%  Expected dividend yield  0%  Exercise  multiple  2.2  times   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Expected volatility  was  determined  by  reference  to  the  historical  volatility  of  the  Company's  share  prices  over  the previous  3.38  years,  2.98  years  and  3.09  years.  The  expected  life  used  in  the  model  has  been  adjusted,  based on  management's  best  estimate,  for  the  effects  of  non-transferability,  exercise  restrictions  and  behavioural considerations.

The  Group  recognised  the  total  expenses  of  HK$4,446,000  for  the  current  year  (Year  ended  30  June  2021: HK$4,296,000) in relation  to  share  options  granted  by  the  Company.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 42.  DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

| Net cash outflows on disposal  Gain on disposal  30 June 2022  30 June 2021  30 June 2022  30 June 2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Disposal  of:  - SPT Mask Academy Limited  (note  a)  (6)  -  8,478  -  - China Vanguard (China)  Property  Development  Limited (note  b)  (11)  -  202  -  (17)  -  8,680  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) On  30  July  2021,  the  Group  entered  into  an  agreement  with  a  third  party  for  the  disposal  of  the  entire  issued  share capital  of  a  subsidiary,  SPT  Mask  Academy  Limited  (' SPT Mask ').

The  disposal  was  completed  on  30  July  2021  and  the  consideration  for  disposal  amounted  to  approximately  HK$1, which remained outstanding at 30 June 2022.

- (b) On 30 July 2021, the Group entered into an agreement with a third party for the disposal of 51% issued share capital of  a  subsidiary,  China  Vanguard  (China)  Property  Development  Limited  (' CV China ').

The  disposal  was  completed  on  30  July  2021  and  the  consideration  for  disposal  amounted  to  approximately  HK$510, which remained outstanding at 30 June 2022.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 42.  DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued

## Net liabilities  disposed  of

Assets  and  liabilities  over  which  control  was  lost  are  as  follows:

## Year ended 30 June 2022

| SPT Mask  CV China  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Property,  plant  and  equipment (Note  19)  3,570  2,655  6,225  Right-of-use  assets (Note  20)  2,523  2,586  5,109  Deposits  for  acquisition  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  1,018  75  1,093  Current assets  Inventories  143  66  209  Other receivables,  prepayments  and  deposits  654  1,360  2,014  Amounts due from Group companies  -  180  180  Bank balances and cash  6  11  17  Total  assets  7,914  6,933  14,847  Current liabilities  Other payables  1,458  1,058  2,516  Amounts due to Group companies (Note below)  12,178  4,592  16,770  Lease  liabilities  1,526  1,524  3,050  Non-current liabilities  Lease  liabilities  1,230  1,248  2,478  Total  liabilities  16,392  8,422  24,814  Net  liabilities  disposed  of  (8,478)  (1,489)  (9,967)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:   Included  in  amounts  due  to  Group  companies  are  amounts  owed  the  Group  by  certain  former  subsidiaries  amounted to  approximately  HK$16,590,000  at  the  date  of  completion  of  the  disposal.  Having  considered  the  financial  position and  cash  flows  of  these  former  subsidiaries,  management  of  the  Group  is  of  the  view  that  it  is  highly  uncertain  that the  Group  is  able  to  recover  these  amounts  due  from  the  former  subsidiaries,  accordingly,  impairment  loss  in  full amounted  to  approximately  HK$16,590,000  (30  June  2021:  HK$  nil)  was  recognised  on  the  amounts  due  by  these former  subsidiaries  in  profit  or  loss  in  respect  of  the  year.  At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  and  up  to  the  date  of approval  of  these  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  amount  due  by  the  former  subsidiaries  to  the  Group  remained outstanding.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 42.  DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES - continued

## Gain on disposal of subsidiaries

Year ended 30 June 2022

| SPT Mask  CV China  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Consideration  receivable  for  disposal  -  1  1  Net  liabilities  disposed  of  8,478  1,489  9,967  Non-controlling  interests  -  (1,288)  (1,288)  Gain on disposal  of  subsidiaries  8,478  202  8,680   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cash outflows on disposal of subsidiaries

Year ended 30 June 2022

| SPT Mask  CV China  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Consideration  for  disposal  received  -  -  -  Less:  Bank  balances  and  cash  disposed  of  (6)  (11)  (17)  Cash outflows on disposal of subsidiaries  (6)  (11)  (17)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 43.  RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

The  table  below  details  changes  in  the  Group's  liabilities  arising  from  financing  activities,  including  both  cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities  arising  from  financing  activities  are  those  for  which  cash  flows  were,  or  future cash  flows  will  be,  classified  in  the  Group's  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows  as  cash  flows  from  financing activities.

| Convertible  bonds  Amounts  due to  directors  Lease  liabilities  Other  borrowing  Unlisted  warrant  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  1  July  2020  89,170  33,318  12,650  15,600  1,880  152,618  Financing  cash  inflows/  (outflows)  -  21,000  (5,816)  (5,131)  -  10,053  Finance  costs  10,313  -  1,442  2,791  -  14,546  Other non-cash changes  (12,442)  -  (544)  -  (1,880)  (14,866)  At  30  June  2021  87,041  54,318  7,732  13,260  -  162,351  At  1  July  2021  87,041  54,318  7,732  13,260  -  162,351  Financing  cash  inflows/  (outflows)  50,000  (2,476)  (1,485)  (13,801)  -  32,238  Finance  costs  15,654  -  215  541  -  16,410  Other non-cash changes  (107,700)  (43,352)  (5,528)  -  -  (156,580)  At  30  June  2022  44,995  8,490  934  -  -  54,419   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 44.  MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS

- (a) During the year  ended  30  June  2022,
- (i) the  Group settled  the  total  amounts  of  approximately  HK$34,763,000  due  by  the  Group  to  Mr.  Chan Ting  and  Madam  Cheung  Kwai  Lan,  directors  of  the  Company,  and  Ms.  Ng  Pik  Yin,  the  spouse  of a  director  of  a  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  which  was  satisfied  by  the  issue  by  the  Company  of 133,705,046 new ordinary shares, details of which are set out in  Notes  46(a)(iii).
- (b) During the year  ended  30  June  2021,
- (i) the  Group  settled  the  total  amounts  of  approximately  HK$15,238,000  due  by  the  Group  to  certain shareholders  of  the  Company,  which  was  satisfied  by  the  issue  by  the  Company  of  58,606,927  new ordinary  shares,  details  of  which  are  set  out  in  Notes  46(a)(v)  and  (vi).
- (ii) the  Company  issued  55,652,174  new  ordinary  shares  to  the  vendors  for  the  settlement  of  the Performance  Award  pursuant  to  the  agreement  for  the  acquisition  of  Ever  Development,  details  of which are set  out  in  Note  38.

## 45.  RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES

The  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  in  Hong  Kong  operate  a  defined  contribution  retirement  benefits  scheme  for their  qualifying  employees  pursuant  to  the  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Schemes  Ordinance.  The  assets  of  the scheme  are  held  separately  in  funds  which  are  under  the  control  of  independent  trustees.  The  retirement benefits  schemes  contributions  charged  to  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  represent  contributions payable  by  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  in  Hong  Kong  to  the  funds  at  rates  specified  in  the  rules  of  the schemes.  When  there  are  employees  who  leave  the  defined  contribution  retirement  benefits  scheme  prior  to becoming  fully  vested  in  the  contributions,  the  amount  of  the  forfeited  contributions  will  be  used  to  reduce future  contributions  payable  by  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  in  Hong  Kong.

The  employees  of  the  Group's  subsidiaries  in  the  PRC  are  members  of  a  state-managed  retirement  benefit scheme  operated  by  the government  of  the  PRC. These subsidiaries are required to contribute certain percentage  of  payroll  costs  to  the  retirement  benefit  scheme  to  fund  the  benefits.  The  only  obligation  of  the Group with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make the required contributions under the schemes.

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  no  forfeited  contributions  were  available  to  reduce  the  contribution  payable in  future  years.

The  total  expenses  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  of  HK$392,000  (Year  ended  30  June  2021:  HK$877,000) represent  contributions  payable  to  these  plans  by  the  Group  at  rates  specified  in  the  rules  of  the  plans.

## 46.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

## (a)  Transactions and balances with related parties

In  addition  to  those  disclosed  elsewhere  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  Group  had  material transactions  and  balances  with  related  parties  as  follows:

## Transactions with related parties

- (i) On 2 April 2020, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with a director, Mr. Chan Ting. Pursuant  to  the  subscription  agreement,  the  Company  has  conditionally  agreed  to  allot  and  issue and  Mr.  Chan  Ting  has  conditionally  agreed  to  subscribe  for  800,000,000  new  shares  of  the Company  at  the  subscription  price  of  HK$0.2  per  share  and  the  completion  of  the  subscription  is conditional  upon  and  subject  to  all  the  conditions  precedent  being  fulfilled  or  waived  on  or  before 31  October  2020  (' the  Long  Stop  Date ').  On  30  October  2020,  the  parties  to  the  subscription agreement entered into an agreement, under which the subscription agreement was terminated and the  rights  and  obligations  of  the  parties  ceased  and  none  of  the  parties  will  have  any  claim  against the  other.
- (ii) On  17  February  2021,  China  Success  Enterprises  Limited  (' China  Success '),  a  wholly-owned subsidiary  of  the  Company,  entered  into  an  agreement  with  Sharp  Associate  Limited  (' Sharp Associate ',  an  entity  which  is  wholly-owned  by  Theresa  Woo,  the  spouse  of  Mr.  Chan  Ting), pursuant  to  which  China  Success  conditionally  agreed  to  purchase,  and  Sharp  Associate  has conditionally  agreed  to  sell  25%  equity  interest  in  Rich  General  Limited  (' Rich  General ')  for  a consideration  of  HK$200  million.  The  principal  activities  of  Rich  General  are,  through  its  subsidiaries after  the  group  reorganisation  undertaken  by  Rich  General,  the  design,  development  and  provision of  anti-counterfeiting  devices  in  the  PRC.  According  to  the  acquisition  agreement,  the  consideration for  the  proposed  acquisition  of  HK$200  million  is  to  be  satisfied  by  issue  of  new  ordinary  shares  by the  Company  at  the  issue  price  of  HK$0.28  per  share.  Completion  of  the  acquisition  is  subject  to certain  conditions  to  be  fulfilled  by  the  contracting  parties  on  or  before  30  June  2021.

As  the  conditions  precedent  to  the  proposed  acquisition  of  25%  equity  interest  could  not  be fulfilled on  or before  the  specified timeline  (i.e  on  or  before  30  June  2021),  the  proposed acquisition  lapsed  and  will  not  proceed.

- (iii) On  8  July  2021,  the  Company  entered  into  agreements  with  Mr.  Chan  Ting  and  Madam  Cheung Kwai Lan, directors  of  the  Company,  and  Ms.  Ng  Pik  Yin,  the  spouse  of  a  director  of  a  subsidiary  of the  Company,  pursuant  to  which  the  outstanding  balances  of  HK$6,000,000  and  HK$23,183,312 and HK$5,580,000 due by the Group to Mr. Chan Ting, Madam Cheung Kwai Lan and Ms. Ng Pik Yin  respectively  were  settled  by  the  Group  which  were  satisfied  by  23,076,923  new  ordinary  shares, 89,166,585  new  ordinary  shares  and  21,461,538  new  ordinary  shares  issued  by  the  Company  to them respectively  at  the  issue  price  of  HK$0.26  per  share.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 46.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

## (a)  Transactions and balances with related parties - continued

## Transactions with related parties - continued

- (iv) The  Group  purchased  personal  protective  equipment  (trading  goods)  from  an  associate  at  the  total cost  of  HK$7,144,000  during  the  prior  year  ended  30  June  2021.  No  purchase  of  personal protective  equipment  (trading  goods)  was  made  by  the  Group  from  the  associate  during  the  current year.
- (v) In  prior  years,  a  shareholder  of  the  Company,  Mr.  Zhang  Xiao  Feng  (' Mr.  Zhang '),  made  advance to  the  Group  amounted  to  an  aggregate  of  RMB11,117,531.  On  8  June  2021,  the  Company entered into an agreement  with  Mr.  Zhang,  pursuant  to which  the outstanding balance of RMB11,117,531  (equivalent  to  HK$13,507,801)  due  by  the  Group  to  Mr.  Zhang  was  settled  which was satisfied  by  51,953,081  new  ordinary  shares  issued  by  the  Company  on  30  June  2021.
- (vi) In  prior  years,  a  shareholder  of  the  Company,  Mr.  Chan  Man  Leung  (' Mr. Chan ML '),  made advances to  the  Group  amounted  to  a  total  of  HK$1,730,000.  On  8  June  2021,  the  Company  entered  into an  agreement with Mr. Chan ML, pursuant to which the outstanding balance of HK$1,730,000 due by  the  Group  to  Mr.  Chan  ML  was  settled  which  was  satisfied  by  6,653,846  new  ordinary  shares issued  by  the  Company  on  30  June  2021.

## Balances with related parties

- (vii) Included  in  trade  receivables  at  30  June  2022  is  receivable  from  a  shareholder,  Sinopharm  Traditional Chinese Medicine Overseas Holding Limited, amounted to HK$16,601,400 (30 June 2021: HK$15,376,000),  of  which  provision  for  expected  credit  losses  of  HK$16,601,400  (30  June  2021: HK$7,334,000) was recognised.
- (viii) Included  in  other  receivables  is  amount  due  from  a  related  entity  of  HK$2,998,000  (30  June  2021: HK$3,078,000).  The  amount  is  unsecured,  interest  free  and  has  no  fixed  repayment  terms.  The Company's director, Madam Cheung Kwai Lan, is the member of committee of the related entity.
- (ix) Included  in  other  receivables  at  30  June  2021  is  amounts  due  from  subsidiaries  of  a  joint  venture  of HK$129,000. The amounts, which are unsecured,  interest  free  and  have  no  fixed  repayment  terms, are  fully  impaired.
- (x) Included  in  trade  payables  at  30  June  2022  is  payable  to  an  associate  amounted  to  HK$8,014,000 (30  June  2021:  HK$10,859,000).
- (xi) Amounts  due  to  directors  of  HK$8,490,000  at  30  June  2022  (30  June  2021:  HK$54,318,000)  are unsecured,  interest  free  and  repayable  on  demand,  details  of  which  are  set  out  in  Note  31.
- (xii) Amounts due to related parties of HK$12,144,000 at 30 June 2022 (30 June 2021: HK$13,119,000) are  unsecured,  interest  free  and  repayable  on  demand,  details  of  which  are  set  out  in  Note  32.

## 46.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS - continued

## (b)  Compensation of directors and key management personnel

The remuneration of directors  and  other  members  of  key  management  for  the  year  were  as  follows:

| Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Short  term  benefits  9,610  7,488  Post-employment benefits  89  54  9,699  7,542   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 47.  PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES

## (a) Particulars  of  the  Company's  principal  subsidiaries  as  at  30  June  2022  are as  follows:

| Name  Place  of  incorporation  and  operation  Nominal value  of  issued  and  paid-up share  Percentage of  equity attributable  to  the  Company  Principal  activities  Direct  Indirect  Champion Vision Global Limited  Samoa and  PRC  Ordinary  share  US$100  -  51% Investment Holding  Cheerful  Group  Holdings  Limited  BVI  Ordinary  shares  US$50,000  -  100%  Investment  Holding  China Success Enterprises  Limited  BVI  Ordinary  shares  US$2,000  100%  - Investment Holding  Next  Champion Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  shares  HK$1  -  100%  Distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  深圳市博眾信息技術有限公司  #  (Shenzhen Bozone IT Co. Ltd.  †  ) (Note  1)  PRC  Registered  capital  RMB50,000,000  -  100%  Provision  of  lottery-related  hardware and software  systems  Hero Global Holdings Limited (Note  3)  BVI  Registered  capital  US$100  -  100%  Investment  Holding  Sinopharm Health Cross Border E-Commerce  Company Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  shares  HK$100  -  51%  Provision  of  internet  plus  solution  services  Sinopharm (Hong Kong) Industrial  Co.,  Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  shares  HK$1,000,001  -  100%  Distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  深圳國科防偽科技有限公司 # （前稱 「深圳生港科技 有限公司」 ） (Shenzhen  Guoke  Anti-Counterfeit Technology Company Limited † )  (formerly  known as  'Shenzhen  Sheng-Gang Technology Co. Limited' † ) (Note  1)  PRC  Registered  capital  US$6,809,751  100%  - Investment Holding   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 47.  PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES - continued

## (a) Particulars  of  the  Company's  principal  subsidiaries  as  at  30  June  2022  are as  follows:  -  continued

| Name  Place  of  incorporation  and  operation  Nominal value  of  issued  and  paid-up share  Percentage of  equity attributable  to  the  Company  Principal  activities  Direct  Indirect  Sinopharm Tech Corporate Management Limited  ('  STCM  ')  Hong Kong  Ordinary  shares  HK$20,000,000  100%  - Corporate management  Sinopharm Tech Medical Supplies Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  shares  HK$1,000  -  100%  Manufacturing and distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  吉林國科醫療⽤品有限公司  #  (Jilin  Guoke  Medical  Supplies  Co.  Ltd.  †  ) (Note  2)  PRC  Registered  capital  RMB10,000,000  -  57%  Manufacturing and distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  前海初道科技 （深圳） 有限公司  #  (Qianhai  Chudao  Technology  (Shenzhen)  Ltd.  †  )  (Note  2)  PRC  Registered  capital  RMB5,000,000  -  51%  Provision  of  internet  plus  solution  services   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# The statutory  financial  year  end  date  of  these  subsidiaries  is  31  December.

† For  identification  purpose  only.

Notes:

1. Wholly-foreign-owned enterprises established  under  the  law  of  the  PRC.
2. A limited  liability  company  established  under  the  law  of  the  PRC.
3. On 1 January  2019,  STCM  entered  into  an  agreement  to  acquire  100%  equity  interest  in  Hero  Global  Holdings Limited  (' Hero Global '),  for  a  consideration  which  was  satisfied  by  the  issue  of  650,000,000  new  shares  of  the Company (' Consideration Shares ')  at  a  price  of  HK$0.155  per  share.

Pursuant  to  the  sale  and  purchase  agreement,  the  vendor  warranted  to  the  Group  that  (i)  the  actual  net  profit after  taxation  of  Hero  Global  for  each  of  the  three  years  ending  31  December  2019,  2020  and  2021  shall  not be  less  than  HK$23,000,000,  HK$23,000,000  and  HK$23,000,000  respectively;  or  (ii)  the  aggregate  net  profit for  the  three  years  ending  31  December  2019,  2020  and  2021  shall  not  be  less  than  HK$69,000,000  in  total (' Profit  Guarantee ').  If  the  aggregate  net  profit  for  the  three  years  ending  31  December  2019,  2020  and 2021  is  less  than  the  guaranteed  profit,  the  vendor  shall  compensate  the  Group  in  accordance  with  a  formula that  the  compensation  is  equal  to  the  shortfall  multiplied  by  a  compensation  factor  of  1.7  and  is  to  be  settled in  cash.  The  Consideration  Shares  have  been  locked  up  by  the  Company  for  the  purpose  of  the  Compensation, if  any,  payable  by  the  vendor.

Management  of  the  Group  determined  that  the  net  profit  after  taxation  of  Hero  Global  for  each  of  the  years ended  31  December  2019,  2020  and  2021  is  less  than  the  Profit  Guarantee,  accordingly  the  Group  is  entitled to  receive  the  compensation  amounted  to  approximately  HK$93  million  which  is  calculated  in  accordance  with the  formula  stated  above  and  was  agreed  by  the  contracting  parties  as  stated  in  the  paragraph  above.

Subsequent  to  30  June  2022,  the  vendor  failed  to  settle  the  first  instalment  of  the  compensation  as  agreed  by the  contracting  parties.  In  accordance  with  the  related  sale  and  purchase  agreement,  the  Group  is  entitled  to  sell the  locked-up  Consideration  Shares  for  the  recovery  of  the  compensation.

None of  the  subsidiaries  had  issued  any  debt  securities  at  the  end  of  the  year  or  at  any  time  during  the year.

## 47.  PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES -continued

## (a) Particulars  of  the  Company's  principal  subsidiaries  as  at  30  June  2022  are as  follows:  -  continued

Information  about  principal  subsidiaries  of  the  Group  at  the  end  of  reporting  period  is  as  follows:

| Place  of  incorporation  and operation  Number of non-wholly  owned subsidiaries  Principal  activity  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  Provision  of  lottery-related  services  PRC  -  -  Provision  of  internet  plus  solution  services  PRC  1  1  Manufacturing and distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  PRC  1  1  Place  of  incorporation  and operation  Number of wholly  owned subsidiaries  Principal  activity  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  Provision  of  lottery-related  services  PRC  1  1  Provision  of  internet  plus  solution  services  Hong Kong and PRC  2  2  Provision  of  internet  plus  supply  chain  services  Hong Kong and PRC  1  1  Manufacturing and distribution  of  personal  protective  equipment  Hong Kong  1  3   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Details of non-wholly owned  subsidiaries that have material noncontrolling  interests

| Name of subsidiary  Place  of  incorporation  and operation  Proportion of  ownership and voting  rights  held  by  non-controlling  interests  Loss allocated to  non-controlling  interests  Accumulated  non-controlling  interests  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Champion Vision Global Limited  Samoa and PRC  49%  49%  (170)  (774)  (4,977)  (4,823)  Shandong Deji Medical Goods  Company Limited  PRC  49%  49%  (2,510)  -  (2,566)  (56)  Individual  immaterial  subsidiaries  with  non-controlling  interests  (3,093)  (3,392)  923  3,203  Total  (5,773)  (4,166)  (6,620)  (1,676)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Summarized  financial  information  in  respect  of  each  of  the  Group's  subsidiaries  that  have  material  noncontrolling  interests  are  set  out  below.  The  summarised  financial  information  below  represents  amount before  intragroup  elimination.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 47.  PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES - continued

## (b) Details of non-wholly owned  subsidiaries that have material noncontrolling  interests  -  continued

## (i) Champion Vision Global Limited

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  -  -  Current  assets  5,892  5,960  Current  liabilities  (16,049)  (15,803)  Non-current liabilities  -  -  Capital  deficiency  attributable  to  equity  holders  of  the  Company  (5,180)  (5,020)  Non-controlling  interests  (4,977)  (4,823)  Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  -  -  Expenses  (346)  (1,580)  Loss  for  the  year  (346)  (1,580)  Loss  attributable  to  equity  holders  of  the  Company  (176)  (806)  Loss  attributable  to  non-controlling  interests  (170)  (774)  (346)  (1,580)  Net  cash  outflows  from  operating  activities  -  (210)  Net  cash  inflows  from  investing  activities  -  -  Net  cash  inflows  from  financing  activities  -  -  Net  cash  outflows  -  (210)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 47.  PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES - continued

## (b) Details of non-wholly owned  subsidiaries that have material noncontrolling  interests  -  continued

- (ii) Shandong Deji Medical Goods Company Limited

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  -  2,862  Current  assets  311  2,509  Current  liabilities  (5,548)  (5,486)  Non-current liabilities  -  -  Capital  deficiency  attributable  to  equity  holders  of  the  Company  (2,671)  (59)  Non-controlling  interests  (2,566)  (56)  Year ended  30-6-2022  Year  ended  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  -  -  Expenses  (5,123)  -  Loss  for  the  year  (5,123)  -  Loss  attributable  to  equity  holders  of  the  Company  (2,613)  -  Loss  attributable  to  non-controlling  interests  (2,510)  -  (5,123)  -  Net  cash  inflows  from  operating  activities  -  -  Net  cash  inflows  from  investing  activities  -  -  Net  cash  inflows  from  financing  activities  -  -  Net  cash  inflows  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 48.  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

## (a)  Statement of Financial Position

| 30-6-2022  30-6-2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Interests  in  subsidiaries  -  -  Property,  plant  and  equipment  1,485  2,370  Right-of-use  assets  800  1,760  2,285  4,130  Current assets  Other receivables,  deposits  and  prepayments  969  1,281  Bank balances and cash  132  1,805  1,101  3,086  Current liabilities  Accruals  and  other  payables  143,296  54,114  Amounts due to subsidiaries  6,176  34,265  Amounts due to directors  62  11,506  Amounts due to related parties  2,470  2,470  Convertible  bonds  44,995  87,041  Deferred  tax  liabilities  1,307  -  Lease  liabilities  934  1,100  199,240  190,496  Net  current  liabilities  (198,139)  (187,410)  Total  assets  less  current  liabilities  (195,854)  (183,280)  Non-current liabilities  Lease  liabilities  -  1,104  -  1,104  Net liabilities  (195,854)  (184,384)  Share  capital  56,721  55,050  Reserves (Note  b)  (252,575)  (239,434)  Total  capital  deficiency  (195,854)  (184,384)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company's statement of financial position was approved and authorised by the Board of Directors on 30 September 2022 and are signed on its behalf by:

| HO Kam Kin  KWOK Shuk Yi  Director  Director   |
|------------------------------------------------|

## 48.    STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY -  continued

## (b)  Reserves of the Company

| Share  premium  Capital  redemption  reserve  Share option  reserve  Convertible  bonds  reserve  Special  reserve  Capital  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  1  July  2020  2,644,794  1,484  8,265  5,950  2,569  -  (2,804,675)  (141,613)  Loss  and  total  comprehensive  expenses  for  the  year  -  -  -  -  -  -  (137,158)  (137,158)  Shares  issued  for  settlement  of  Performance Award  15,443  -  -  -  -  -  -  15,443  Shares  issued  for  settlement  of  amounts  due to shareholders  15,091  -  -  -  -  -  -  15,091  Recognition  of  equity  settled  share-based  payments  -  -  4,296  -  -  -  -  4,296  Arose from amendments to terms of convertible bonds  -  - Reserves in relation  to  8%  Bonds  January  2021 transferred  to  accumulated  losses  -  -  -  (5,950)  -  -  5,950  -  - Reserves in relation  to  10%  Bonds  January  2022 recognised  -  -  -  4,507  -  -  -  4,507  Share  options  lapsed  -  -  (1,271)  -  -  -  1,271  -  At  30  June  2021  and  1  July  2021  2,675,328  1,484  11,290  4,507  2,569  -  (2,934,612)  (239,434)  Loss  and  total  comprehensive  expenses  for  the  year  -  -  -  -  -  -  (69,604)  (69,604)  Shares  issued  for  settlement  of  amounts  due to shareholders  26,674  -  -  -  -  -  -  26,674  Recognition  of  equity  settled  share-based  payments  -  -  4,446  -  -  -  -  4,446  Deemed contribution arising from settlement of  amount due to shareholder  -  -  -  -  -  16,770  -  16,770  Reclassified  to  accumulated  losses  upon  maturity  of  convertible  bonds  -  -  -  (4,507)  -  -  4,507  -  Recognition  of  equity  component  of  convertible  bonds  -  -  -  10,267  -  -  -  10,267  Deferred  tax  liability  on  recognition  of  equity  component of convertible bonds  -  -  -  (1,694)  -  -  -  (1,694)  Share  options  lapsed  -  -  (42)  -  -  -  42  -  At  30  June  2022  2,702,002  1,484  15,694  8,573  2,569  16,770  (2,999,667)  (252,575)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 49.  EVENTS AFTER REPORTING PERIOD

In  addition  to  those  disclosed  elsewhere  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  following  events  took place  subsequent  to  the  end  of  the  reporting  period:

- (a) On 26 July 2022, the Company entered into a deed of assignment with Mr. Chan Ting, a former director of  the  Company  who  resigned  as  a  director  of  the  Company  on  1  August  2022  (the  ' assignee '),  and certain  related  parties,  Ms.  Woo  Theresa  (' Ms. Woo '),  the  spouse  of  Mr.  Chan  Ting,  Ms.  Chan  Siu  Sarah (' Ms.  Chan '),  the  sister  of  Mr.  Chan  Ting,  Mr.  Fung  King  Him  Daniel  (' Mr.  Fung '),  a  director  of  the subsidiaries  of  the  Company,  Mr.  Cheuk  Ka  Chun  Kevin  (' Mr.  Cheuk '),  a  former  director  of  the Company,  and  Mr.  Liao Zhe (' Mr. Liao '), a former director of the Company  (together as the ' assignors '),  under  which  the  outstanding  balances  of  HK$3,493,500,  HK$1,196,000,  HK$2,961,948, HK$2,151,394,  and  HK$5,495,691  due  by  the  Group  to  Ms.  Woo,  Ms.  Chan,  Mr.  Fung,  Mr.  Cheuk  and Mr. Liao respectively  (the  ' Loan ')  were  assigned  to  Mr.  Chan  Ting  at  consideration  which  is  equal  to  their respective  face  amount.

On  27  July  2022,  the  Company  entered  into  an  agreement  with  Mr.  Chan  Ting,  pursuant  to  which  Mr. Chan  Ting  has  agreed  for  the  settlement  of  the  outstanding  balances  of  the  Loan  amounted  to HK$15,298,533 due by the Group to him which will be satisfied by 54,637,617 new ordinary shares to be issued  by  the  Company  to  Mr.  Chan  Ting  at  the  issue  price  of  HK$0.28  per  share.

Completion  of  the  settlement  of  the  balances  due  by  the  Group  to  Mr.  Chan  Ting  and  the  issue  of  new shares  by  the  Company  are  subject  to  certain  conditions  to  be  fulfilled  by  the  contracting  parties, including  the  approval  by  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  at  extraordinary  general  meeting  which  is expected to be held before 30 November 2022, accordingly the completion of these transactions has not taken  place  up  to  the  date  of  approval  of  these  consolidated  financial  statements.

- (b) On  15  September  2022,  the  Group  obtained  a  written  consent  from  certain  suppliers  of  the  subsidiaries of  the  Company,  under  which  these  suppliers  have  agreed  not  to  demand  settlements  on  or  before 31  December  2023  of  the  outstanding  trade  payables  amounted  to  approximately  HK$36,177,000  at 30 June 2022 due by the Group to the suppliers (included in trade payables, note 29).
- (c) On 15 September 2022, the Group obtained a written consent from a shareholder of the Company, under which  the  shareholder  of  the  Company  has  agreed  not  to  request  repayment  on  or  before  31  December 2023  of  the  amount  due  by  the  Group  to  the  shareholder  amounted  to  approximately  HK$105,747,000 at  30  June  2022  (Note  33).
- (d) On  26  September  2022,  the  Group  obtained  a  written  consent  from  the  bondholder,  under  which  the bondholder has agreed not to request repayment on or before 20 February 2024 of the convertible bonds with  principal  amount  of  HK$50,000,000  (Note  35)  and  the  accrued  interest  amounted  to  approximately HK$2,917,000 at 30 June 2022.

## RESULTS

| ## For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  40,985  77,813  165,934  43,503  25,347  Cost  of  sales  and  services  (35,053)  (56,929)  (121,281)  (19,802)  (9,642)  Gross  profit  5,932  20,884  44,653  23,701  15,705  Other income and gains  39,350  4,978  11,223  66,269  13,951  Impairment loss  on  receivables  and  other  assets  (58,554)  (52,949)  (135,686)  (68,143)  (8,797)  Loss  on  dilution  of  interests  in  associates  (21,889)  -  -  -  -  Loss  on  settlement  of  contingent  consideration  payable  -  (10,796)  -  -  -  Selling  and  distribution  expenses  (1,003)  (5,208)  (4,791)  -  (1,409)  Administrative  and  operating  expenses  (41,431)  (57,015)  (63,183)  (57,815)  (80,268)  Finance  costs  (16,410)  (14,546)  (18,154)  (11,950)  (12,581)  Share  of  (losses)/profits  of  associates  (153)  3,588  558  -  -  Loss  before  tax  (94,158)  (111,064)  (165,380)  (47,938)  (73,399)  Income tax credit  387  558  1,390  2,312  1,814  Loss  for  the  year  (93,771)  (111,506)  (163,990)  (45,626)  (71,585)  ## ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  30-6-2022  30-6-2021  30-6-2020  30-6-2019  30-6-2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total  assets  76,886  135,903  188,173  228,668  175,497  Total  liabilities  (250,283)  (276,459)  (261,558)  (191,429)  (235,496)  Net  (liabilities)/assets  (173,397)  (140,556)  (73,385)  37,239  (59,999)  (Capital  deficiency)/equity  attributable  to  equity  holders  of  the  Company  (166,777)  (138,880)  (73,080)  37,736  (59,392)  Non-controlling  interests  (6,620)  (1,676)  (305)  (497)  (607)  Total  (capital  deficiency)/equity  (173,397)  (140,556)  (73,385)  37,239  (59,999)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

For the year ended 30 June 2022

## GLOSSARY

| 'Articles  of  Association'  the  articles  of  association  of  the  Company  'Board'  the  board  of  Directors  'BVI'  the  British  Virgin  Islands  'CGU(s)'  cash  generating  unit(s)  'Company'  Sinopharm Tech Holdings Limited  'Director(s)'  the  director(s)  of  the  Company  'GEM'  GEM of the Stock Exchange  'GEM Listing Rules'  the  Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  GEM  'Group'  the  Company and its subsidiaries  from  time  to  time  'HK$'  Hong Kong dollar, the lawful currency of Hong Kong  'HKAS'  Hong Kong Accounting Standard  'HKFRSs'  Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards  'HKICPA'  Hong Kong Institute of Certified  Public  Accountants  'Hong Kong'  The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC  'new and revised HKFRSs'  new  and  revised  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards,  amendments  and  interpretations  'PRC'  the  People's  Republic  of  China,  which  for  the  purpose  of  this  report,  shall  exclude  Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan  'RMB'  Renminbi, the lawful  currency  of  the  PRC  'SFO'  Securities  and  Futures  Ordinance  (Chapter  571  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong)  'Share(s)'  ordinary  share(s)  of  HK$0.0125  each  in  the  share  capital  of  the  Company  'Shareholder(s)'  holder(s)  of  the  Share(s)  'Stock Exchange'  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited  'US$'  United  States  dollar,  the  lawful  currency  of  the  United  States  of  America  'Year 2021'  financial  year  ended  30  June  2021  'Year 2022'  financial  year  ended  30  June  2022   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|