<!-- image -->

## THE ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## THE FIGURES

<!-- image -->

| in EUR million  2022  2021  Change 2022  on 2021 in %  2020  2019  Revenue  3,066  2,282  34.3  1,532  2,501  Segment Germany  870  740  17.6  679  978  Segment Europe  1,278  946  35.1  577  1,033  Segment North America  908  585  55.4  264  483  Other  10  13  -19.5  12  7  Earnings before net finance costs and taxes (EBIT)  589  479  22.9  -49  339  Corporate EBITDA  1  699  573  22.1  81  419  Earnings before taxes (EBT)  550  442  24.4  -82  308  Return on revenue before taxes (in %)  17.9  19.4  -1.5 points  -5.3  12.3  Consolidated profit/loss  386  313  23.2  2  247  Net income per share (basic)  Ordinary share (in Euro)  8.21  6.66  23.2  -0.73  4.97  Preference share (in Euro)  8.23  6.68  23.1  -0.68  5.02  Total assets  5,551  4,521  22.8  4,428  6,249  Rental vehicles  1  3,833  2,857  34.2  2,205  3,035  Equity  1,979  1,746  13.4  1,395  1,592  Equity ratio (in %)  35.7  38.6  -2.9 points  31.5  25.5  Financial liabilities  2,505  2,001  25.2  2,378  3,437  Dividend per share  Ordinary share (in Euro)  6.11 2  3.70  65.1  -  -  Preference share (in Euro)  6.13 2  3.72  64.8  0.05  0.05  Total dividend, net  287.2 2  174.0  65.1  0.8  0.8  Average fleet size  3  270,900  242,000  11.9  205,400  284,500  Share of premium vehicles (in %)  4  57  57  0 points  55  50  Share of electric vehicles, including plug-in hybrids and mild hybrids (in %)  11  9  2 points  3  1  Number of employees 5  7,509  6,399  17.3  6,921  8,105  Number of stations worldwide (31 Dec.)  6  2,098  2,180  -3.8  2,067  2,111   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Rights of use for leased vehicles financed via leasing contracts, which were previously included in the item property, plant and equipment, have been reported in the item leased vehicles since 2022. The depreciation attributable to these rights of use has been reclassified to depreciation of rental vehicles. The figures for the previous year have been adjusted accordingly. 2 Proposal by the management including a special dividend of EUR 2.00 per share 3 Including franchisees 4 Share of vehicles added to the fleet in terms of value 5 Average for the year 6 Including franchise countries

A 026 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS B 036 MANAGEMENT REPORT C  122 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS D 179 FURTHER INFORMATION

<!-- image -->

EBT EUR 550 MILLION

## THE RECORD YEAR

Our record for 2022: Revenue +34% to EUR 3.07 billion, pre-tax profit +24% to EUR 550 million, 35.7% equity ratio, more than 1,100 new employees. And Sixt continues to invest heavily in the future to make sure that 2022 will not be the last record year.

2022 What a year. On the one hand, the pandemic and the war in Ukraine, record inflation and an interest rate turnaround. On the other hand, Sixt once again excelled by achieving record sales and earnings .  This  underscores the  fact  that  we  continue  to  succeed  in  inspiring  our  cus tomers despite  challenging general conditions. The basis of our success was our abil ity  to  meet customer needs easily and flexibly through our integrated and fully digitalised mobility platform ONE. Thanks to our financial strength, we have expanded our mo bility offering even further by making extensive investments and now offer our product s,  services and vehicles, which  follow  a  clearly  defined  premium  strategy,  to  an  everlarger  audience  worldwide. Thus, in 2022, we also grew noticeably in Ger many (+17%), but mainly with our international activities in Europe (+35%) and the US (+5 5%). And we still see plenty of potential for further sustainable profitable growth by expa nding our global rental net work and in growth areas such as SIXT truck, our SIXT+ subscr iption model, in the car sharing sector with SIXT share and in transfer services ( SIXT ride). We are one of the pioneers and co-designers of the mobility of the future and will continue to invest extensively in technology and digitalisation. We also wan t to take on a pioneering role in the area of sustainability. 2022 was very good, but our expectation of ourselves is to be even better: EXPECT BETTER!

+  34  %

REVENUE EUR 3.07 BILLION

## THE FACTS

36  % EQUITY RATIO

+  17  %

TO 7,509 EMPLOYEES

Sixt  is  leveraging  its  very  solid  financial  position to make substantial investments in future growth. More than 1,100 new employees were hired in 2022, for instance. And the average stock of rental vehicles  in  the  Sixt  corporate  countries  increased  by more than 10% to 138,400 vehicles.

14  %

SHARE OF E-VEHICLES (EUROPE)

+  10  % FLEET

Sixt  is  striving  to  become  one  of  the  pioneers  for a  sustainable  future  of  mobility.  For  example,  the share of electric vehicles in Europe is expected to increase from currently 14% to 70% to 90% by 2030, and all Sixt locations are expected to be CO 2 neutral by the end of 2023.

## GROWTH IN ALL REGIONS

Sixt is represented in 13 corporate countries and in around 100 franchise markets worldwide. The company managed to increase its corporate business considerably in all regions in 2022. This applies to its domestic market of Germany (+17%) as well as to the rest of Europe (+35%). The development in North America was outstanding again. The Group was able to grow dynamically here by 55%. The United States is now the largest single market.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## DON'T JUST SATISFY, EXCITE

SIXT IS BETTER OFF TODAY THAN BEFORE THE PANDEMIC. WHAT ARE THE SUCCESS FACTORS? HOW CAN WE SUCCEED IN CONTINUING THIS SUCCESS INTO THE FUTURE? CO-CEOS ALEXANDER AND KONSTANTIN SIXT DISCUSS THIS IN AN INTERVIEW.

## 2022 was the second record year in a row for Sixt …

ALEXANDER SIXT 2022 was indeed another very good year for Sixt. We managed to increase our revenue by 34% and our pre-tax profit by 24% to EUR 550 million compared to the previous year. But we are not only back to pre-pandemic levels, we are actually much stronger than before COVID-19: In terms of earnings, we have grown by close to 80% compared to 2019.

## What was the decisive factor behind this?

ALEXANDER SIXT The travel industry as a whole has made an impressive comeback. The market environment was and is positive, the desire to travel seems unbroken despite the war in Ukraine, inflation and rising interest  rates.  According  to  IATA,  for  example,  global  air  traffic  increased by 64% compared to the previous year in 2022 and is already back to more than two-thirds of 2019 levels. What is crucial, however, is that we have a compass with which we define for ourselves very precisely who we want to be and where we want to go.

<!-- image -->

## Namely?

KONSTANTIN SIXT The essence of our self-image is 'Expect Better.' The premium aspiration expressed in this claim is a common thread that runs through all facets of our strategy: Firstly, we don't just want to satisfy  our  customers,  we  want to excite them and create the best possible experience for them - throughout the entire customer journey. Secondly, we want to accelerate our international expansion and achieve or maintain leading positions in the most attractive segments. Thirdly,  we  want  to  expand  our  technological  innovation  leadership. Fourthly,  we  want  to  empower  people  by  further  strengthening  the principles of freedom and personal responsibility in the sense of true entrepreneurship. We are convinced that the best results and the best margin will automatically follow from this. And at the core, these fields of  our  strategy  are  held  together  by  our  strong  brand,  in  which  we continue to invest heavily and with which we want to reach not only the minds, but also the hearts of our customers and employees.

## And all of this then interacts to lead to growth …

ALEXANDER SIXT Correct. And if we succeed in putting 'Expect Better' more into the spotlight, this will even lead to accelerated growth.

## WE ARE A FULLY DIGITALISED, INTEGRATED MOBILITY SERVICE PROVIDER.

## OUR CORE BUSINESS REMAINS VEHICLE RENTAL, HOWEVER.

<!-- image -->

## What does it take to live up to your premium standards?

KONSTANTIN SIXT We must constantly question ourselves, be willing to learn and not be satisfied with the status quo. The good thing is that such a quest for continuous improvement is deeply embedded in our company culture. Basically, 'Expect Better' was already driving Martin Sixt when he founded SIXT 111 years ago with just three cars.

ALEXANDER SIXT If  we want to accelerate our growth once again, we also need to further accelerate our rate of investment, at all levels. In  2023,  we  have  earmarked  an  investment  budget  of  more  than EUR 100 million for investments in existing stations and the further digitalisation and automation of services. In the end, however, we are and will remain a 'people business,' because it is first and foremost the people who bring this promise to our customers to life. We made further substantial increases in this area in 2022. As of 31 December, we had over 1,100 more employees on board at Sixt than in the previous year. And for 2023, we are again planning to make more than 1,000 new hires.

## Does 'premium' at Sixt also mean premium prices?

KONSTANTIN SIXT Our goal is to provide a premium experience at the best value for money.

Speaking of vehicles: What role does the fleet play? After all, we have seen the transformation from being a buyer's market to a seller's market here. What are the consequences for Sixt? KONSTANTIN SIXT Our fleet is another focus of our investment. Despite the vehicle shortage, we were able to increase our fleet by more than 10% compared to the previous year to an average stock of 138,400 vehicles.  We  owe  this  mainly  to  our  long-standing  and  cooperative relationships with the car manufacturers. We want to and will continue to  expand  our  fleet  in  2023.  First  and  foremost,  with  models  from premium manufacturers such as Audi, BMW incl. Mini and Mercedes. The premium share in our additions to the fleet by value was 57% last year - an increase of around seven percentage points since 2019.

## Sixt's fleet will also be increasingly electric in the future?

ALEXANDER SIXT Indeed, we are stepping up our efforts in the area of electromobility. We want to make a decisive contribution to advancing this topic that is important for climate protection. At the same time, we want to secure growth opportunities in an environment with increasingly strict regulatory requirements. In 2019, we had 1% electric cars in our fleet, in 2022, we stood at 14% in Europe on average, and by 2030, our goal is 70% to 90% in Europe. At the same time, we are investing  EUR  50  million  to  equip  our  stations  with  charging  facilities. With the upcoming integration of SIXT charge into our app, we offer our customers a convenient way to charge their electric vehicle

## We must constantly question ourselves, be willing to learn and not be satisfied with the status quo.

Konstantin Sixt rental  company  though,  but  rather  'the'  car  rental company. With us, customers don't rent 'a' vehicle,  they  rent  'the'  vehicle.  This  differentiation  is  at  the  heart  of  our  broad  integrated marketing campaign, 'Rent THE Car,' which we launched from the West Coast to the East Coast in December 2022. It ranges from TV to  digital  to  out-of-home.  We  have  thus  significantly increased our (supported) brand awareness in a very short time. This will give our growth an additional boost. For example, at the top 50 US airports that are strategically most interesting for us, where the rental industry turns over around USD 11 billion annually. We were already present at 38 of these airports by the end of 2022 and will continue to expand our presence.

## But you don't just offer car rental, you have consistently expanded your business model. What is the current and prospective significance of the different products?

ALEXANDER  SIXT We  are  driving  the  diversification  of  our  product range  for  good  reason:  Firstly,  our  customers  benefit  because  we can  then  offer  them  more  options  for  meeting  their  very  different mobility needs - a true ecosystem for sustainable mobility. Secondly, we are involved in markets with their own high growth prospects,  which  come  'on  top'  of  the  poten-

tial in the car rental market. The market for car subscriptions is expected to grow

dynamically  in  the  coming  years.

Thirdly,  and  this  is  the  decisive reason,  we  are  drawing  at-

tention to SIXT rent, our core product, by offering a larger

portfolio.

If,  for  example, young people in Munich or

Hamburg regularly get into our

Sixt

Share vehicles,

they are more likely to book their rental car for their next

summer holiday with us.

during the rental. By doing all of this, we will become an enthusiasm accelerator. After all, every rental car trip is also a test drive. Around 70% of the Sixt customers surveyed confirm that car rental use can help to reduce reservations about e-mobility.  Nearly  two  thirds  see  the  use  of rental cars as a good way to get to know electric vehicles and for more than 55% the previous use of an electric rental car is important or very important for the purchase decision in favour of such a vehicle.

<!-- image -->

## What role does classic car rental play for Sixt?

KONSTANTIN SIXT It plays the all-important role. It was, is and will remain the heart of our company. The global car rental market is currently worth around EUR 90 billion. Over the next five years, we expect the market to grow by around 5% per annum. This will open up outstanding growth prospects for us. We want to secure ourselves a decent piece of that. And we have proven that we can do this. In the US, for example, we were able to increase our market share from just under 2% to just under 3%. This sounds modest at first, but with a market size of USD 36 billion in 2022, this is a considerable leap. In the meantime, the United States is our largest single market. We have nearly  doubled  our  sales  there  since  2019  to  EUR  907

million. The further potential is huge and we have a unique opportunity to consistently occupy the premium segment for ourselves.

How do you intend to do that? KONSTANTIN  SIXT On  the  one hand,  by  making  a  superior value proposition and, on the other, through bold  marketing  to  make  our  brand even  better  known  on  the other  side  of  the  Atlantic. 'Rent a car' is the common category  name  in  the  US. We don't want to be 'a' car

<!-- image -->

## Travel and mobility are basic human needs that will always be there. This is exactly what we make possible with what we offer.

Alexander Sixt

Apropos 'next summer holiday': Will your customers then even have enough money available to book a major trip?

ALEXANDER SIXT Data from the beginning of the year,  such  as  airline  capacities  or  advance bookings  for  the  summer  holiday  season, indicate  that  the  desire  to  travel  is  unabated and  demand  remains  high  or  even  continues to increase. But, of course, geopolitical developments, rising energy prices, the resulting inflation, interest  rate  policy  -  these  are  obviously  all  factors

<!-- image -->

that don't leave us cold. However, we have built a high de- gree  of  resilience  in  many  regards,  based  on  financial  strength  on the equity and debt side that is outstanding in our industry, a broadly diversified business model, high cost variability and extensive investments in the areas I just mentioned.

## How do you view the issue of costs in times when everything is getting more expensive?

KONSTANTIN SIXT We are also feeling the increased costs. It is therefore even more important that we get better in the area of operational excellence. It isn't without reason that 'Entrepreneurship &amp; Responsibility' is one of the cornerstones of our strategy. We want entrepreneurs in the company. Operational excellence is crucial for us to meet our return targets even in a high inflation environment and with accelerated growth. And meeting these targets is in turn a prerequisite for our continued high investment capacity, thus closing the circle.

ALEXANDER SIXT Technology is crucial to this in two respects: It makes the experience better for our customers, when the check-out process can be completed more quickly, for example. And we use it to increase our margins, when technology helps us to identify and leverage optimisation potential with regard to vehicle utilisation.

## So, what are your economic goals for 2023?

KONSTANTIN  SIXT We  are  optimistic  for  the  new financial year. Of course, we constantly monitor and  analyse  the  macroeconomic  influencing factors. But the post-COVID recovery trend in the travel industry seems intact, demand and especially the outlook for the summer are both positive.  On  the  cost  side,  in  addition  to  high inflation,  the  expenses of our extensive investment projects  will  also  be  reflected  in  2023.  We expect growth again mainly from the US business, but also in Canada, where we got off to a very successful start last year, and also in franchise countries such as Australia. In Europe, we also want to further expand our business by extending our network of stations and see potential in Italy, Spain and France, for example. In 2023, the focus will also be on our Van &amp; Truck business and the SIXT+ subscription model. Overall, demand is expected to continue to approach pre-pandemic levels, but at higher prices than back then. All of these aspects have been incorporated into our guidance for 2023. Overall, we expect a significant increase in consolidated revenue in 2023 compared to 2022 and Group profit before taxes in the range of EUR 430 million and EUR 550 million. The upper end of this range is thus at the level of the record year 2022 and its lower end is clearly above the pre-corona level.

## And where will Sixt be in 2030, what is your long-term vision for the company?

ALEXANDER SIXT Travel and mobility are basic human needs that will always be there because it is what brings us together. This is exactly what we make possible with what we offer. We will continue to rent out cars for this purpose in 2030. True to our motto 'Expect Better,' however, we will do this even better in all respects than we already do today.

<!-- image -->

E-vehicles in Europe by 2030 70% - 90%

<!-- image -->

## THE GROWTH

## OUR GROWTH POTENTIAL IS FAR FROM EXHAUSTED

SIXT MANAGED TO BREAK ITS PREVIOUS RECORDS FOR REVENUE AND EARNINGS AGAIN IN 2022. CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER NICO GABRIEL TALKS ABOUT HOW AND WHERE THE COMPANY STILL SEES SIGNIFICANT POTENTIAL IN THE YEARS TO COME.

## Mr. Gabriel, what success factors will continue to drive Sixt's growth in the years ahead?

NICO GABRIEL We want to excite our customers with our premium offers, at all levels. By building on this, we can continue to grow. We achieve this through four strategic focus topics: Service Excellence, Operational Excellence, International Growth and through our integrated mobility platform ONE. All of our mobility products are united on this platform, with our app as the front end. They address a wide range of mobility needs, but all have one thing in common: They help make mobility sustainable.

Let's start with the topic of Service Excellence. What are you doing differently than your competitors?

NICO GABRIEL Sixt stands for premium at all levels. It all starts with 24/7

availability for customer inquiries, continues with the equipment of our stations and ends with the premium approach to the parking spaces of our vehicles. In order to meet our high quality standards, we will continue to invest, especially in our employees. In the past year, we hired more than 1,100 new colleagues who bring the service promise to our customers to life.

## Let's move on to the success factor Operational Excellence. What do you have on the agenda here?

NICO GABRIEL Of course, we are also affected by inflation-related cost increases. We are counteracting this in order to maintain our profitability. It is extremely important for us to continue to invest in our premium service and appearance and to be able to take advantage of short-term opportunities. So, it's all about cost efficiency. Accordingly, we work on improving our organisation and structures - always with ensuring the best customer experience in mind; Here, we focus mainly on the topics of digitalisation and the use of data. Our goal is to bring our cost base back to nearly the same level as in 2019, i.e., before COVID-19, and to remain one of the most profitable companies in our industry!

<!-- image -->

Sixt achieved impressive international growth in 2022, especially in the United States. What potential do you still have here?

NICO GABRIEL

We recorded growth in all 13 Sixt core  markets  in  2022.  This  figure  was  over

30%  in  several  countries,  and  it  was  even more than 50% in the US. Overall, the foreign

share  of  our  revenue  has  increased  from  28%

to  71%  since  2008.  And  we  see  plenty  of  further growth opportunities, in the US, for example, which has

<!-- image -->

become our largest single market with sales of EUR 907 million.

At the end of 2022, we were already present at 38 of the most important airports for us and are already the brand with the highest market share at the important Miami airport. In the US, we are already differentiating ourselves through our consistent premium positioning. For  instance,  at  57%  for  additions  to  the fleet, we have the highest share of premium vehicles worldwide. We want to expand this ratio even further and, in particular, further expand our presence at the largest airports, which account for an extremely large market volume  in  the  US.  We  want  to  expand  our station network there, but also in the urban centres.  With  a  nationwide  US  presence come new market opportunities for the corporate business and Vans &amp; Trucks. At the end of 2022, we also launched our new marketing campaign 'Rent THE Car,' which we

we will expand our presence with Vans &amp; Trucks in France or at airports and railway stations in Italy. In the DACH region, we are mainly growing by expanding our stations, through expansion of the vehicle fleet and through the topics of Service Excellence and investments in locations. Germany is and will remain our core market,  where we have been the market leader for many years. Although the general conditions there remained challenging in 2022, we were able to achieve an 18% increase in revenue, but are still below the pre-corona figure. This is about to change thanks to profitable growth in the corporate customer segment, with our SIXT+ subscription offer and the expansion of Vans &amp; Trucks.

The US became our largest single market for the first time in 2022 with revenue of EUR 907 million

Nico Gabriel

## You operate with franchise partners in many markets. How is this business developing?

NICO GABRIEL We are looking closely at where it makes more sense to establish a licensing and fee model with a partner in order to be successful. And we are doing this excellently by achieving high growth rates in our approximately 100 franchise markets such as Australia, Turkey, Portugal or Israel. In fact, we have grown strongly in the franchise markets since 2019. In Australia, where we have only been  established  since  2021,  we  already rank among the top 3, and the trend is rising.

expect to increase awareness of us nationwide. Overall, we still see great sales potential from the US, as we want to expand the market we address there from USD 9 billion to USD 11 billion, out of a total market size of USD 36 billion. In Canada, where we have been active ourselves since 2022, we are gradually and carefully setting up our network. With our presence in Vancouver and the opening in Toronto in early 2023, we cover the main markets in this North American country that account for nearly 30% of the market potential in Canada.

## How do you intend to make the topic of sustainability a growth driver for Sixt?

## How are things looking in your home markets in Europe and in the core market of Germany?

NICO  GABRIEL Western  and  Southern  Europe,  i.e.,  France,  Italy  and Spain, are a real pleasure for us. Thanks to investments in the expansion of our stations there, we have grown strongly in these countries since 2019. We have opened more branches there and won the contract for nine of the most important railway stations in Spain, for example. But that is by no means the end of the line. For example,

NICO GABRIEL We are one of the pioneers of the mobility of the future. Our offers, whether traditional vehicle rental, car sharing, ride hailing or car subscriptions, follow the shared idea. In this way, we are  serving  the  ever-growing  need  for  responsible  mobility.  With an increasingly electrified fleet, we are introducing our customers to the topic of electromobility and see ourselves as an enthusiasm accelerator here. Because every rental car trip is also a test drive. At the same time, we are investing EUR 50 million in the charging infrastructure at our stations and, by integrating SIXT charge into our app, we are giving our customers nationwide access to currently 400,000 charging points in our European corporate countries. And we want to make operations climate-neutral at our stations and locations as early as the end of 2023 - five years earlier than previously planned.

DRIVE

THE

CAR

Xi

SIXTCOM

URN

The

Elcated C

CAR\_

Comfort €

X7

<!-- image -->

NEW SALES INITIATIVES OFFER ADDITIONAL GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES

NEW FORMS OF MOBILITY AND VOLATILE FRAMEWORK CONDITIONS  REQUIRE  REPOSITIONING  IN  PURCHASING  AND  DISTRIBUTION. THE CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS, VINZENZ  PFLANZ,  EXPLAINS  THE  FUTURE  STRATEGY  OF  HIS DEPARTMENTS.

Mr. Pflanz, these have not been easy years for the people responsible for purchasing at Sixt, have they?

VINZENZ PFLANZ That's correct! Corona, inflation and other challenges have put our business model to the test. However, with our record results in 2021 and 2022, we have shown that we are able to meet the challenges. The decline in global car production due to the semiconductor shortage and the disruption of global production chains have severely limited the availability of vehicles. Thanks to our long-standing  trusting  cooperation  with  the  OEMs,  we  nevertheless  managed to increase our own fleet size, including franchise vehicles, by 12% compared to the previous year. Globally, we were at 270,900.

## How do you manage to utilise this fleet?

VINZENZ PFLANZ Thanks to our fully digitalised mobility platform ONE and  the  continuously  deepening  digitalisation  of  our  processes,  we can track very precisely when and where which vehicle is needed. We can control the allocation so that the utilisation of the vehicle fleet is as high as possible. In doing so, we take not only regional differences in the respective markets, but also the varying demand for our Rent, Share and Auto Abo products into account. Here we can leverage synergies by making flexible use of our vehicles. Ultimately, every percentage point of higher capacity utilisation leads to an improvement in earnings in the double-digit millions.

## What do you expect in terms of how prices will develop?

VINZENZ PFLANZ Although an easing in vehicle availability is expected towards the middle of the year, we do not anticipate a return to the low price levels of previous years. This has turned out to be not profitable. The price increases are thus primarily due to catch-up effects. In addition, our premium positioning across the diversified platform helps. For instance, the premium share of our additions to the fleet in terms of value was 57% in 2022. Our customers are willing to pay more for premium quality and service across the entire value chain.

Sixt has published ambitious goals for the electrification of its fleet. How do you plan to achieve this given the scarce availability of e-vehicles?

VINZENZ PFLANZ At Sixt, we see ourselves as enthusiasm accelerators on the subject of electric mobility. Every drive with an electric car from our fleet is basically a paid test drive. The vehicle manufacturers have also understood this. In view of their production plans, we expect to see a noticeable increase in the availability of electric vehicles. Accordingly, we are confident that we will achieve our goal of converting 70% to 90% of the Sixt fleet in Europe to e-vehicles by 2030. Here, we will rely on a broad mix of manufacturers and models. From 2019 to today, we have already increased the share of electrified vehicles in Europe from 1% to 14%. In  some  countries  -  like  the  Netherlands  or France - we are already well above that. We will also take on a leading role for our customers  in  the  area  of  charging  infrastructure  by making extensive investments.

## … and what will be your distribution strategy?

What does that mean in concrete terms, in cooperation with vehicle manufacturers, for example. What new business models can be developed here?

VINZENZ PFLANZ The mobility of the future requires not only innovative cooperation and business models, but also corresponding processes and structures to develop them. Thus, we are providing the 'Global Fleet Purchase' team with the newly established 'Global Fleet Strategic Business Development' unit in order to position Sixt as a relevant

We want to significantly expand our vehicle fleet in 2023.

Vinzenz Pflanz

<!-- image -->

VINZENZ PFLANZ We are  successful  thanks  to  three  main  distribution  channels:  B2C  with  private  customers,  B2B  with  business customers and increasingly also with new offers for our partners. I would be happy to say more about these in a moment. This will allow us to expand our network even further worldwide and use it for our current business, but also to develop new business ideas.

Fleet size*

+  12  %

to 270,900 in 2022

* Including franchise vehicles and valuable sales and value-added channel for vehicle manufacturers/OEMs, dealers and leasing companies. Our goal is to develop and roll out additional services and products for our automotive and fleet partners in order to excite customers together, increase customer loyalty and achieve the global mobility goals of our partners and Sixt.

## Do the same mechanisms also apply to your Van &amp; Truck business?

VINZENZ PFLANZ We want to continue to grow in the area of Vans &amp; Trucks and use synergies and cross-selling between our B2C and B2B channels. We already generate sales in the low eight-digit euro range with cars, vans and trucks with some of our corporate customers. Our customers obtain access to the entire product range via our mobility platform ONE. However, our Van &amp; Truck customers often plan for the long term; for this reason, we also rely on other distribution channels. In this business field, too, we are positioning ourselves as a premium provider in customer service. In order to better align our offering with the needs of customers in the respective regions, we are also currently expanding our presence in Europe to 50 large regional Van &amp; Truck Centres for large and commercial customers.

## THE KEY TO BETTER CARS BETTER SERVICE BETTER VALUE

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Growth goes hand in hand with an increasing premium share

Share in terms of value with additions to the fleet from the three premium brands BMW (including Mini), Audi and Mercedes-Benz

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

2022

## THE STRENGTH OUR RESILIENCE IS OUR STRENGTH

WHILE THE GLOBAL ECONOMY IS CONFRONTED WITH GREAT UNCERTAINTIES, SIXT REPORTED ANOTHER RECORD YEAR IN 2022. CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PROF. DR. KAI ANDREJEWSKI EXPLAINS WHY THE COMPANY IS SO RESISTANT TO EXTERNAL INFLUENCES.

Dr. Andrejewski, how well is Sixt positioned with regard to the current geopolitical risks?

PROF.  DR.  KAI  ANDREJEWSKI One  of  the  main  unique  selling points of Sixt is our high level of resilience. Despite the high volatility  of  external factors, we recently delivered two record years. Crucial to these successes was not least our ability to identify risks at an early stage and contain them through our diversified business model, our forward-looking fleet management, our high cost variability and a sound financing policy.

<!-- image -->

Let's look at a few points in more detail, starting with the topic of variability of costs.

PROF. DR. KAI ANDREJEWSKI Basically, 70% of our costs are variable, as we limit the holding period for a large share of our vehicles to a short period, usually six months. This enables us to react quickly to market changes. This also shows the high flexibility of our business model.

Are you concerned about the current rise in interest rates? PROF. DR. KAI ANDREJEWSKI Of course, Sixt cannot escape the current interest rate environment and rising interest rates. Due to our maturity profile,  however,  the  full  impact  of  rising  interest  rates  will  only  be felt gradually. In addition, we benefit greatly from our strong balance sheet, especially our high equity relative to our listed competitors and our comparatively low debt.

We are financially very well positioned for the growth Sixt has planned.

Prof. Dr. Kai Andrejewski

<!-- image -->

## Is the current uncertain capital market environment affecting your refinancing options?

PROF. DR. KAI ANDREJEWSKI Given our very good operating performance and  strong  balance  sheet,  we  have  a  very  good  reputation  on  the banking and capital markets. At the end of the third quarter of 2022, for example, we succeeded in paying off the existing syndicated loan of EUR 750 million early and replaced it with a new revolving credit line of EUR 950 million at improved conditions. In addition, the term of the credit line was extended through 2027 with extension options through 2029. In addition, we were able to conclude two borrower's note loans for a total of EUR 120 million in financial year 2022 and repaid a bond for EUR 250 million ahead of schedule. At the beginning of 2023, we issued additional borrower's note loans totalling EUR 450 million. This gives us sufficient financial room for manoeuvre to seize short-term opportunities and continue to invest wherever it makes sense.

## Where do you plan to invest the funds primarily?

PROF. DR. KAI ANDREJEWSKI The largest investment block is clearly to finance our vehicle fleet. Our rental assets increased from EUR 2.86 billion to EUR 3.83 billion in 2022, an increase of 35%. We expect higher vehicle availability in 2023 and, accordingly, increasing investments in our global vehicle fleet. As we want to help shape the dynamic change of future mobility, we will continue to invest massively in our diversified business model. In addition to the fleet, this applies in particular to the main areas of Marketing, Human Resources and TECH.

<!-- image -->

## What major positions can you name here?

PROF. DR. KAI ANDREJEWSKI We are consistently investing in our premium strategy and already invested a double digit million figure in our locations in 2022, for example. In the current year, we are planning a comprehensive modernisation offensive for which we have earmarked an  investment  budget  of  more  than  EUR  100  million.  And  after  we already grew strongly in terms of personnel last year, we are planning to hire another 1,000 new employees in 2023. These are investments that will pay off in the years to come to secure our growth and our profitability, which is quite high by industry standards.

## Are you satisfied with your balance sheet structure and how will it develop in the future, due to the high investments in the topic of electromobility, for example?

PROF. DR. KAI ANDREJEWSKI We feel very comfortable. The risks are limited: The asset side of our balance sheet is dominated to almost 70% by our rental fleet, which includes a very high share of vehicles with buy-back agreements compared to the rest of the industry. We also rely predominantly on buy-back agreements to expand the e-fleet. In addition, our asset side is very lean; for example, we only show a very low  level  of  goodwill.  On  the  liabilities  side,  with  an  equity  ratio  of currently around 36%, we are very clearly above our targeted Group equity ratio of 20% and at the same time have considerable leeway in  terms  of  debt  financing.  This  allows  us  to  not  only  cushion  risks in the long term and finance future organic growth, but also to make smaller acquisitions opportunistically. Just as we did in 2022 with two acquisitions in the Van &amp; Truck sector in the UK. We can also finance the planned massive expansion of electromobility at Sixt very well. In addition to the expansion of the fleet, this also includes our ambitions to build our own charging infrastructure by making investments of at least EUR 50 million.

<!-- image -->

## THE TECHNOLOGY OUR TECHNOLOGICAL LEADERSHIP IS THE KEY TO OUR SUCCESS

SIXT HAS INVESTED MASSIVELY IN TECHNOLOGICAL ADVANCEMENT OVER THE LAST TWO YEARS. CHIEF COMMERCIAL OFFICER JAMES ADAMS EXPLAINS HOW THIS WILL PAY OFF IN TERMS OF GROWTH AND PROFITABILITY IN THE FUTURE.

Mr. Adams, Sixt is considered the pioneer in digitalisation and technology. Why are these topics so important to Sixt?

JAMES ADAMS The drive to digitalise is a key driver of growth and efficiency, which has contributed to the operational success and record figures of 2022. Our goal is to be the most advanced and digitalised company in our industry to best serve our customers while growing efficiently.  The mobility market is changing very rapidly and technology is the key to keeping up with the needs and expectations of our customers.

## Where are the strategic priorities in your tech investments?

JAMES ADAMS We  have  invested  massively  in  our  technological  advancement over the last two years. The average number of our IT and technology experts increased by 10% to 770 in 2022, at four locations in the meantime. For example, we opened our fourth technology location in Lisbon in the fourth quarter of 2022. The team there is a welcome addition to the expertise at the established locations in Munich, Kiev and Bangalore. Although technology plays an important role  throughout  our  organisation,  the  fully  digitalised  ONE  mobility platform is at the heart of our work. The front end is the SIXT App, which our customers can use to conveniently book all our products. We developed  it  to  accompany  them  when  they  use  our  services, e.g., by providing support before and during the rental. And intelligent technology that  allows  us  to  provide  the  right  vehicles  in  the  right place at the right time, for instance, is behind the platform.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

We want to lead our industry in digitalisation so that customers can expect a better experience from Sixt.

James Adams

## Let's start off with customer satisfaction. How can technology make a concrete contribution here?

JAMES ADAMS Let's go back to our platform ONE, which is at the heart of our services. Sixt generates most of its revenue via the digital platform ONE and the SIXT App. True to our motto 'EXPECT BETTER,' we constantly attempt to improve the customer experience while using the app. Firstly, we are improving the range of services that a customer can use, whether they are our own, such as subscriptions, or third-party services, like Scooter. Then, we work on making booking easier. However, the biggest focus is on the post-booking experience, where we help customers to better manage their bookings, answer their questions and even pick up their rental vehicles. This can really transform the customer experience - simple, digital experiences are the new premium. In addition, we also use our Big Data capabilities to improve customer satisfaction.

## Can you elaborate on this a bit more?

JAMES ADAMS For me, Big Data is a buzzword that companies are addressing in different ways. At Sixt, we have been looking at this topic for years to better meet the needs of our customers. We have so many data sources, from our contact centres to our branches, and we already have more than two petabytes of relevant data. Of course, data protection is a top priority! For example, an important focus is to be able to better plan what vehicles we need where for which customers, so that their rental experience and their appreciation of Sixt continues to improve. In terms of technical equipment, we have steadily expanded our network of virtual machines and data servers to meet the high demands of this data work.

You spoke earlier about efficiency and scalability - so it's about the direct impact on the operational performance of Sixt.

JAMES ADAMS Yes, that is crucial for us. Of course, we want to work efficiently, but we are also a growth-oriented company and it is important that we do so efficiently. We will continue to standardise and automate our processes so that we can grow profitably.

## We would like to understand this better; can you please provide a few concrete examples?

JAMES ADAMS Of course. It concerns everything from the automated  provision  of  the  above-mentioned  data  for  decision  making  to the automation of the decisions themselves. The latter includes, for example, deciding what information and options should best be displayed to a customer given the service they have booked and the stage  of  travel  they  are  in.  Or  automating  some  of  our  processes for customers picking up their vehicles and for our agents handling vehicles between bookings and during maintenance, which will help us serve more customers and manage more vehicles more efficiently as we grow.

<!-- image -->

THE

## RESPONSIBILITY

<!-- image -->

## WE WANT TO BE PIONEERS FOR A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE

SIXT IS ALSO STRIVING TO PLAY A LEADING ROLE IN SUSTAINABILITY. THIS APPLIES TO BOTH OUR OWN RESPONSIBILITY TO SOCIETY, BUT ALSO TO OUR AMBITIONS TO ACT IN A CLIMATENEUTRAL WAY AS QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE. THE SIXT MANAGEMENT BOARD EXPLAINS HOW THIS IS ACHIEVED IN AN INTERVIEW.

You want to be pioneers for a sustainable future.

A strong statement, but what are the deeds behind it? SIXT  MANAGEMENT  BOARD Our  sustainability  programme,  adopted  in September  2022,  follows  a  holistic  360-degree  approach.  This  includes a clear commitment to make a substantial contribution to the global reduction of CO 2 emissions through our mobility offerings and to  make  Sixt  CO 2 -  neutral  as  quickly  as  possible.  We  achieve  this through our mobility platform ONE, which offers our customers simple and flexible shared mobility solutions and thus the freedom to be mobile worldwide without owning a vehicle. This can save considerable amounts of CO 2 .  The increasing importance and potential of Shared Mobility was also confirmed to Sixt in a joint project by scientists from the University of St. Gallen.

By the end of 2023, we want to operate our stations and sites climate-neutrally through our own efforts and through compensation projects

Sixt Management Board

<!-- image -->

## million investment in the development of the company's own charging infrastructure

## What role does the topic of e-mobility play in this for Sixt?

SIXT MANAGEMENT BOARD The accelerated use of smart e-mobility is a core element of our sustainability strategy. The share of electrified vehicles in the Sixt fleet in Europe has already reached 14% in 2022. By 2030, we are aiming to have a share of 70% - 90% in Europe. We see  ourselves  as  a  partner  of  the  vehicle  manufacturers  and  as  an accelerator of enthusiasm for the topic of e-mobility. A satisfied Sixt customer who has rented an electric vehicle from us is also much more likely to decide to purchase one.

## But for that you also need to actively address the issue of charging infrastructure, don't you?

SIXT  MANAGEMENT BOARD You  are  absolutely  right.  Over  the  next  few years, we will invest EUR 50 million in a nationwide charging infrastructure at our stations, and have already started with this. Together with partners, we also want to give our customers access to a Europe-wide network with at least 400,000 charging points. This is done via our new product SIXT charge, which is integrated into the SIXT App.

All of this is once again controlled via your mobility platform ONE? SIXT MANAGEMENT BOARD That's exactly why we established ONE, for the simple and flexible use of all mobility services, i.e., rental, car sharing, driving services and car subscriptions. SIXT charge complements this offer and creates additional incentives for the use of climate-friendly electric vehicles. The mobility platform ONE is increasingly developing into an ecosystem for climate-friendly mobility.

## Apropos climate neutrality, where does Sixt stand here? What goals have you set for yourself?

SIXT  MANAGEMENT  BOARD In  addition  to  our  sustainable  commitment to society and the mobility of the future, we as a company are also striving to play a pioneering role in the topic of climate neutrality. For example, we want to make the operation of our own stations and locations climate-neutral by the end of 2023, several years earlier than recently  communicated.  What  we  cannot  save  locally  will  be  offset by compensation projects, the selection of which meets the highest quality standards. In terms of energy supply, for example, we are focusing on photovoltaics at our corporate headquarters. We will invest a double-digit million-euro amount to achieve these ambitious targets. By 2040, Sixt will have met the prerequisite for CO 2 -neutral business operations in its European corporate countries.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## OUR SUSTAINABILITY PROGRAMME HOLISTIC APPROACH BASED ON FOUR TOPICS

ELECTRIC VEHICLES

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## THE PATH TO CLIMATE NEUTRALITY

<!-- image -->

## THE AMBITION

## VERY GOOD OPERATING PERFORMANCE ALSO EXPECTED FOR 2023

After two record years, Sixt is also aiming for a very good operating performance in 2023. Thus, a significant increase in consolidated revenue compared to 2022 and consolidated earnings before taxes (EBT) in the range of EUR 430 million to EUR 550 million are expected. Thus, the upper end of this range is at the level of the record year 2022 and its lower end is clearly above the pre-corona level. This forecast is based on demand returning to pre-pandemic levels, as was seen in 2022 and the first weeks of 2023, but at higher prices. The macroeconomic and sector-specific framework conditions are not expected to deteriorate significantly compared to current assumptions.

WE WANT TO CONTINUE

## TO EXCITE OUR CUSTOMERS OPERATIONALLY IN 2023

0

7

## WE CONTINUE TO GROW

For the financial years after 2023, Sixt is also optimistic that it will continue to grow profitably under the premises of a fundamentally positive economic development, easing inflationary pressure and no worsening of geopolitical risks.  The  decisive  factor  here  is  the  large  growth  opportunities  along  the broadly  diversified  business  model.  The  company  expects  continued  international  growth in the most important core regions of the world. A special growth focus is  on  the  US.  Sixt  sees  great  potential  here,  in  the  corporate customer business and through the expansion of the station network to more than 50 airports and stations in the city centres of selected metropolises, for example. The company also expects sales opportunities in other regions such as Europe or in the franchise business. Worldwide, Sixt is aiming for a significantly higher market share and corresponding growth in the Van &amp; Truck business. The company is also only at the beginning of its international expansion with the dynamically developing SIXT+ subscription model. In view of  the  significant  market growth forecast by experts, the other offerings of the diversified business model SIXT Share and SIXT Ride also offer additional growth opportunities.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## THE REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

## General information

In  financial  year  2022,  the  Supervisory  Board of Sixt  SE duly performed the duties incumbent on it according to the law and the Articles of Association to the best of its knowledge and belief. It advised the Management Board in close and trusting cooperation on matters of major importance to Sixt SE and the Group and  carefully  and  continuously  monitored  the  Management Board in its management of the business.

To this end, the Management Board informed the Supervisory Board in written and verbal form regularly, promptly, and comprehensively about the current business performance and the situation  of  the  company  and  the  Group.  The  Management Board submitted a report every quarter that contained detailed information on the business performance and economic and financial position of Sixt SE as well as its domestic and foreign subsidiaries. The Management Board explained the documents and reports on how the business developed, planning and company strategies at the Supervisory Board meetings. Furthermore, the Management Board involved the Supervisory Board in decisions of significant importance for Sixt SE and the Group at an early stage. In the reporting year, there was no need to examine additional company documents above and beyond the reports and  proposals  for  resolution  submitted  by  the  Management Board.

Apart from the meetings, the members of the Supervisory Board remained in regular contact with the Management Board, especially the chairmen of the two company organs. The provisions of  the  German  Corporate  Governance  Code  and  of  the  legal stipulations on stock corporations governing the duty of the Management Board to report to the Supervisory Board were consistently complied with.

The Supervisory Board convened for seven meetings in the year under review in which it addressed the economic situation and strategic direction of the Group as well as the personnel situation in detail. One of the meetings took place with the attendees present. The remaining meetings were held by video conference.

ERICH SIXT

<!-- image -->

## Key issues in 2022

In the four regular meetings in the reporting year, the Supervisory Board received detailed information from the Management Board on important issues relating to the development of the business, the strategic focus, the risk situation and risk management, the internal control systems and the asset, financial and earnings position of Sixt SE and the Group. The Management Board attended these meetings, explained all matters to the members of the Supervisory Board and answered their questions. The Supervisory Board also convened regularly without the Management Board being present. In addition, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board had a direct exchange with the Co-Chairmen of the Management Board and the Chairman of the Audit Committee with the Chief Financial Officer on important current issues.

In the reporting year, the Supervisory Board's deliberations focused mainly on the following matters:

- \ \ In March 2022, the Board dealt with the audit of the accounts for financial year 2021. The financial statements were approved following the auditor's report on the results of the audit based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee.
- \ \ The Management Board informed the Supervisory Board in all regular meetings about how the business of the Sixt companies was developing. Key financial ratios and liquidity were also the subject of these reports. Besides geopolitical crises such as the war in Ukraine, the focus was on rising inflation, high energy prices, the risk of possible blackouts and  the protective measures taken in this regard, as well as the continued limited availability of vehicles in 2022. The Supervisory Board acknowledged the forward-looking actions of the management.
- \ \ Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Sixt SE since 16 June 2021
- \ \ Born 1944

- \ \ The Supervisory Board continuously informed itself about the company's further expansion and internationalisation. The focus was on the US market and its unique features. For the first time ever, the US market became Sixt Group's strongest market in terms  of  revenue  in  2022  and  is  therefore  of  particular  importance.
- \ \ The Supervisory Board approved an adjustment to the virtual stock  performance  programme (SPP) for a selected group of employees and managers in March 2022.
- \ \ The Management Board informed the Supervisory Board about the effects of the cyber-attack that took place at the end of April 2022 and the status of the follow-up process.
- \ \ The Supervisory Board was informed of the new ESG targets and advised the Management Board on them. The focus was on the further electrification of the Sixt fleet and the goal of having the fleet in Europe consist of 70% to 90% electric vehicles by 2030.
- \ \ In  addition, the  Management Board informed the Supervisory Board  about  the  further  development  of  the  mobility  platform ONE and, in particular, the success of the car subscription offer SIXT+ as well as the integration of third-party providers into the mobility platform.
- \ \ The medium-term business plan for Sixt Group, which the Management Board submitted at the end of the reporting year, was also noted with approval by the Supervisory Board. The Board discussed the economic and strategic assumptions underlying this planning in detail, with a view to market opportunities and cost developments, expected demand and the likely development of customer needs in the individual regions and, in particular, against the backdrop of the macroeconomic difficulties and the possibly related lower willingness to spend and travel.
- \ \ The Supervisory Board also dealt intensively with Management Board matters in the reporting year and appointed Mr. James Adams and Mr. Vinzenz Pflanz additional Management Board members with effect from 1 October 2022.
- \ \ Other important topics included the revision of the competence profile for the Supervisory Board, the amendments to the German Corporate Governance Code and the setting of targets for the share of women on the Supervisory Board and the Management Board.

## Report on the work of the committees

The Supervisory Board has established an Audit Committee and a Nomination Committee to support it in its work. In addition, a Remuneration Committee was established in the beginning of 2023. The Corporate Governance Declaration provides more detailed information on the tasks, composition and working methods of the committees.

The Nomination Committee held one meeting by video conference in financial year 2022. It dealt with the expansion of the Supervisory Board to comprise four members and adopted an election recommendation for the Supervisory Board election to be held at the 2022 Annual General Meeting. In doing so, it was guided by the interests of the company and sought to fulfil the overall requirement profile including the competence profile and diversity concept for the Supervisory Board.

The Audit Committee held a total of eight meetings in financial year 2022, seven of which were held by video conference and one by telephone. The Board member responsible for finance was a regular participant. The auditor and heads of departments such as Accounting, Internal Audit, Global GRC and Legal were also present to address individual matters.

In addition, the Audit Committee Chairman held regular one-onone meetings with the Management Board member responsible for finance and the auditor, among other individuals. The Chairman of the Audit Committee informed the Supervisory Board in its respective following meeting about the activities of the committee as well as the content of meetings and discussions.

The Audit Committee's deliberations focused mainly on the following topics in the reporting year:

- \ \ The meeting in March served to prepare the balance sheet meeting  of  the  Supervisory  Board  and  the  audit  of  the  accounts for financial year 2021. The Audit Committee reviewed the financial statements and management reports, taking the audit reports and the focal points of the audit into account, and discussed them with the auditor and dealt with the quality of the audit. The Audit Committee also met occasionally without the members of the Management Board being present.
- \ \ In addition, the Audit Committee reviewed the auditor's declaration of independence and recommended to the full Supervisory  Board  that  Deloitte  GmbH  Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft  be  proposed  again  as  auditor  at  the  2022  Annual

<!-- image -->

General Meeting. Furthermore, the Audit Committee issued the audit mandate after the Annual General Meeting.

- \ \ The Audit Committee repeatedly dealt with the current risk situation, risk management and the further development of the internal  control  system and the  compliance organisation. In this context, the Audit Committee also dealt with the cyberattack that took place at the end of April 2022.
- \ \ The Audit Committee also received reports on the main results of the internal audits carried out by Group Internal Audit and on further audit planning.
- \ \ The quarterly reports were presented and discussed by the Audit Committee prior to their publication. In addition, the Audit Committee dealt with the non-audit services provided by the auditor on a regular basis.
- \ \ One main focus of the Audit Committee's work was on the preparations for the change of the auditor for financial year 2024. For this purpose, the Audit Committee conducted a tendering process in accordance with the legal requirements and, after careful consideration of the candidates, submitted a reasoned recommendation to the Supervisory Board with two candidates and a preference  to  propose  one  candidate  to  the  Annual  General Meeting. The tender process was carried out at an early stage in order to ensure a timely transition of mandates in compliance with the independence requirements.

## Individualised disclosure of meeting attendance in financial year 2022

The members of the Supervisory Board and the committees attended the meetings of the Supervisory Board and the committees in the reporting period as follows:

| Supervisory Board  member  Plenum  Audit Committee  Nomination  Committee  Erich Sixt (Chairman)  6/7 (86%)  n/a  1/1 (100%)  Dr. Daniel Terberger  (Deputy Chairman)  7/7 (100%)  8/8 (100%)  1/1 (100%)  Anna Magdalena  Kamenetzky-Wetzel  (since 2 June 2022)  3/3 (100%)  2/3 (67%)  n/a  Dr. Julian zu Putlitz  7/7 (100%)  8/8 (100%)  n/a  Total  96%  95%  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Conflicts of interest

There were no conflicts of interest of Supervisory Board members in the past financial year.

## Corporate Governance

The Management Board and Supervisory Board report on the topic of corporate governance in the Corporate Governance Declaration pursuant to Sections 289f, 315d of the German Commercial Code (HGB), which is published on the Internet at ir.sixt.eu under 'Corporate Governance' as well as in this Annual Report. Furthermore, the Management Board and the Supervisory Board issued the regular Declaration of Conformity pursuant to Section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) in December 2022 and made it permanently available to shareholders on the company's website at ir.sixt.eu in the 'Corporate Governance' section. Apart from a few exceptions outlined in the Declaration, Sixt SE follows the recommendations of the Code in the version dated 28 April 2022 and applicable as of 27 June 2022.

One training activity of the Supervisory Board was held on the Financial Market Integrity Strengthening Act and its effects on Sixt SE in the year under review. An onboarding programme consisting of  various  components  was  offered  for  the  new  member  Mrs. Kamenetzky-Wetzel. Sixt SE executives provided her with an insight into key areas of the business as well as important corporate governance topics and the work of the Supervisory Board. Otherwise, the members of the Supervisory Board took part in the training and further education measures required to perform their tasks on their own responsibility.

## Audit of the 2022 Annual Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statements

The Management Board prepared the Annual Financial Statements of Sixt SE as per 31 December 2022 in accordance with the  requirements  of  the  German  Commercial  Code  (Handelsgesetzbuch  /  HGB) and the Consolidated Financial  Statements and Combined Management Report as per 31 December 2022 in accordance with Section 315e of the German Commercial Code and on the basis of the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the EU. According to the Law on Strengthening the Non-Financial Reporting of Companies in their Management and Group Management Reports (CSR Directive Implementation Act), the Combined Non-Financial Declaration of the Group is included in the Management Report.

Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Munich, audited the  Annual  Financial  Statements  and  Consolidated  Financial Statements of Sixt SE as well as the Combined Management

Report (with the exception of the Combined Non-Financial Declaration of the Group and the Corporate Governance Declaration) and issued these documents their unqualified audit opinion. Furthermore,  the  auditor  also  determined  that  the  Management Board had taken the appropriate measures required under Section 91 AktG, in particular those relating to the establishment of a monitoring system, and that the monitoring system is suited for the  early  detection  of  developments  that  could  jeopardise  the company as a going concern. In addition, the auditor subjected the remuneration report to a formal completeness review in accordance with Section 162 (3) AktG. The Supervisory Board had commissioned the auditor on the basis of the resolution passed by the Annual General Meeting on 25 May 2022.

Each member of the Supervisory Board received the documents together with the Management Board's Dependent Company Report and the auditor's audit reports as well as the Management Board's proposal on the appropriation of unappropriated profit in sufficient time for examination. The auditor attended the meeting of the Audit Committee on 24 March 2023 and the meeting of the Supervisory  Board  to  approve  the  financial  statements  on 28 March 2023 and reported comprehensively on the course of the audit and its main results, addressing in particular the key audit matters. The focal points of the audit included the subsequent valuation of rental vehicles, the recoverability of trade receivables and non-financial assets, the revenue recognition, the early risk detection system and risk reporting in the Management Report, the completeness of provisions and recognised leasing transactions in accordance with IFRS 16, the cyber-attack as of 29 April 2022 and the reporting on transactions with related parties (Dependent Company Report). The recoverability of shares in affiliated companies and the receivables from affiliated companies  as  well  as  the  presentation  of  service  relationships  and agency agreements within the Group were also relevant for the audit of the financial statements of Sixt SE.

The Audit Committee reviewed the financial statements and Management Reports at its meeting on 24 March 2023, taking into account the audit reports and focal points of the audit, and discussed them with the auditor. The Chairman of the Audit Committee reported on the results of this preliminary review at the meeting of the Supervisory Board on 28 March 2023. In addition, the  auditor  informed  the  Audit  Committee  about  services  provided by the audit firm and its network beyond the audit of the financial statements. In his opinion, there were no circumstances that could cast doubt on the independence of the auditor.

The Supervisory Board took due notice of the result of the audit and, following the completion of its own examination, which in particular covered the key audit matters described in the auditor's report, including the audit procedures, raised no objections. The Supervisory  Board  approved  the  Annual  Financial  Statements and  Consolidated Financial  Statements prepared by  the Management Board and audited by the auditor, as well as the Combined Management Report (including the Combined Non-Financial Declaration of the Group contained in the Management Report).  The  2022  Annual  Financial  Statements  of  Sixt  SE  were thus adopted in accordance with the provisions of the AktG. Following its own review, the Supervisory Board also concurred with the proposal of the Management Board on the allocation of the unappropriated profit for 2022.

The auditor included the report by the Management Board covering the relationship between Sixt SE and its affiliated companies in accordance with Section 312 of the AktG in its audit and submitted its audit report to the Supervisory Board and to the Audit Committee. The audit by the auditor did not lead to any objections. The following unqualified audit opinion was issued: 'Upon completion of our audit and assessment in accordance with professional standards, we confirm that the actual disclosures made in the report are accurate.'

The Supervisory Board's examination of the report covering the relationship between Sixt SE and its affiliated companies in accordance with Section 312 of the AktG did not give rise to any objections. The Supervisory Board therefore concurred with the auditor's findings. Following the completion of its own examination,  the  Supervisory  Board had no objections to the Management Board's concluding statement concerning its relationships with its affiliated companies.

## Personnel changes

There  were  various  personnel  changes  in  the  Management Board and the Supervisory Board in the reporting period.

As of 1 October 2022, the Management Board of Sixt Group was expanded to include two managers from within the company. Mr. Vinzenz Pflanz assumed the position of Chief Business Officer (CBO)  and  Mr.  James  Adams  assumed  the  position  of  Chief Commercial Officer (CCO) on the Management Board of Sixt SE. As CCO, Mr. Adams is responsible in particular for Consumer Products and Price &amp; Capacity Management. In his role as CBO, Mr. Pflanz assumed responsibility for national and international sales as well as vehicle purchasing.

<!-- image -->

The Supervisory Board of Sixt SE was expanded from three to four  members  in  financial  year  2022.  Mrs.  Anna  Magdalena Kamenetzky-Wetzel was elected an additional member by the Annual General Meeting on 25 May. She has worked in the USA, Europe and Asia in her professional career to date and has extensive knowledge of the consumer goods, services and media industries.

Further information on the individual members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board, including information on the duration and end of their current appointments and details of their first  appointment,  can  be  found  on  the  company's  website  at ir.sixt.eu in the 'Management' section.

Pullach, March 2023

## The Supervisory Board

| ERICH SIXT  Chairman  DR. DANIEL TERBERGER  Deputy Chairman  ANNA MAGDALENA KAMENETZKY-WETZEL  Member  DR. JULIAN ZU PUTLITZ  Member   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Thanks to the management and all employees

Despite the many global uncertainties in financial year 2022, particularly in connection with the war in Ukraine, Sixt Group succeeded in achieving a new record annual result for 2022 and expand its global presence even further. This once again clearly demonstrated the company's ability to weather the crisis, its reaction speed and flexibility, the resilience of its business model as  well  as  its  forward-looking  management.  The  Supervisory Board  would  like  to  thank  the  members  of  the  Management Board, all Managing Directors and all employees worldwide for their great personal commitment, ongoing dedication and constructive and trusting cooperation in these challenging times. It is convinced  that  the  Group  will  continue  its  history  of  profitable growth.

## SIXT SHARE

## Stock market year 2022 suffers from geopolitical crises and monetary policy turnaround

The stock market year 2022 was the worst in a long time with significant  losses  on  the  international  financial  markets.  The German Share Index (DAX) closed the stock market year down 12%, having only risen to an all-time high of 16,290 points in mid-November 2021, and ended 2021 16% higher. High inflation was  the  main  burdening  factor  for  the  financial  markets. Contrary  to  what  the  central  banks  had  expected  at  the beginning  of  the  year,  it  did  not  prove  to  be  a  temporary phenomenon. On the one hand, inflation caused by the supply chain problems following the coronavirus pandemic proved to be more  persistent  than  expected,  and  on  the  other  hand,  the energy  crisis  triggered  by  the  start  of  the  war  in  Ukraine  in February was an additional strong price driver.

The  US  Federal  Reserve  had  already  reacted  to  the  high inflation in mid-March 2022 and raised its key interest rate by 0.25 percentage points. In February, US consumer prices had risen by 7.9% - the highest rise in 40 years. It was the Fed's first rate hike since late 2018 and was followed by another six rate hikes by early November 2022, taking the US fed funds rate from 0.25% at the start of 2022 to 4.50%.

After an initial interest rate hike of 0.5 percentage points in July 2022,  the  European  Central  Bank  reacted  to  the  persistently high inflation in the euro zone with a historic interest rate step at the beginning of September. It raised the key interest rate by 0.75  percentage  points.  After  further  interest  rate  hikes  in November and December 2022, the key interest rate was 2.5% at the end of the year.

Stagflation  fears,  i.e.  concerns  about  high  inflation  rates  and simultaneous economic weakness, increasingly made  the rounds in the course of 2022. These depressed the mood on the stock markets.

Starting  the  stock  market  year  at  16,021  points,  the  DAX reached its high for the year just two days later at 16,272 points. Under the impression of growing tension in the Russia-Ukraine conflict,  the  index  then  began  a  downward  slide,  which  was accelerated by the start of the Ukraine war on 24 February 2022, causing the index to plunge to 12,832 points by 8 March - a decline of 20%. This was followed by a recovery to 14,415 points by the end of March 2022. According to the Federal Statistical

Office, the price increases for fuel observed since the beginning of the war in Ukraine were higher than during the two oil crises of 1973/1974 and 1979/1980 and the financial market crisis of 2008/2009.  Driven  by  the  increase  in  the  price  of  energy products, but increasingly also by rising food prices, the inflation rate exceeded the 7% mark for the second month in a row in April. The DAX then continued its volatile course until it reached its low for the year of 11,976 points on 29 September 2022. By the end of November, the index had nearly returned to its endMarch level at 14,397 points, before falling again by close to 500 points at the end of the year. The DAX closed the stock market year 2022 at 13,924 points, a drop of a good 12%.

In the crisis year 2022, the second-tier index MDAX, in which the ordinary shares of Sixt SE have also been listed since 21 March 2022, fared much worse than the DAX. Starting at 35,488 points, the  index  had  slipped  38%  to  21,791  points  by  the  end  of September. The MDAX finally closed the stock market year at 25,118 points, a decline of 28%.

The US equity markets were also unable to escape the generally difficult  situation  in  2022.  For  example,  after  three  years  of  in some cases significant increases in value, the Dow Jones Index recorded a decline of 9% in 2022. The MSCI World declined by 19%.

The broad-based S&amp;P 500 Index also lost 19% by the end of 2022,  while  the  technology  index  NASDAQ  100  basically crashed by losing 33% in value.

## Development of Sixt shares in 2022

After Sixt shares had performed excellently in the corona year 2021,  there  was  a  countermovement  in  2022,  especially  for growth shares like Sixt. Although air traffic in particular showed a clear recovery from the effects of corona in 2022, neither the Sixt ordinary share, which had been promoted from the SDAX to the MDAX on 21 March, nor the Sixt preference share were able to benefit from this development and ended up significantly underperforming the DAX and MDAX indices. Even the good figures that Sixt Group had presented and the increase in the company's forecast in September could not change this weakness in the share price. The reason for the weak share price development was in particular the threat of a recession as well as the increase in energy costs and inflation rates and their expected impact on disposable household incomes. With the withdrawal

<!-- image -->

of  investors  from  growth and consumer shares starting in the middle of the year, Sixt shares were also dragged down. The decline in price was based on a contraction of the current valuation multiples and falling profit expectations for the next assessment year as a result of rising inflation and interest rates.

Like the MDAX as a whole, the Sixt ordinary share reached its high for the year 2022 of EUR 165.40 right at the beginning of the year on 7 January. The share price then fell by 47% to its low for the year of EUR 82.05 on 30 September. The Sixt ordinary share finally ended the stock market year by recording a loss of 45% at a price of EUR 85.95.

The stock market year 2022 was not much better for the Sixt preference share. Starting the year at a price of EUR 86.00, it closed the year on 30 December 2022 at a price of EUR 54.50, a 37% decline.

In the first weeks of 2023, the Sixt shares recovered significantly and Sixt was able to confirm its position of the MDAX.

The  market  capitalisation  of  Sixt  SE,  measured  at  year-end prices, amounted to EUR 3.51 billion - a decline of 43% compared to the figure at the end of the previous year (EUR 6.16 billion, all figures based on the Xetra closing price). In terms of the respective year's high of the ordinary and preference shares in 2022, the total stock market value of the company reached EUR 6.54 billion at its peak.

## Shareholder structure virtually unchanged

As in the previous year, 58.3% of the ordinary shares entitled to voting rights, measured in terms of the registered share capital, were held by Erich Sixt Vermögensverwaltung GmbH at the end of 2022. Its shares are held directly and indirectly in full by the Sixt family.

Sixt  SE  publishes  voting  rights  notifications  on  its  website  at ir.sixt.eu in  the 'Our News' section. The company did not receive any such notifications in the reporting year.

## Shareholder structure as at 31 December 2022

in %

<!-- image -->

## Dividend

Due to the very positive business performance in financial year 2021, the dividend payment was resumed after the two financial years 2019 and 2020, which were heavily impacted by the coronavirus  pandemic.  With  a  dividend  of  EUR  3.70  per  ordinary share (2020: EUR -) and EUR 3.72 per preference share (2020: distribution of the statutory minimum dividend of EUR 0.05), the total dividend amount for 2021 was EUR 174 million, which corresponds to 56% of the consolidated profit after minority interests for financial year 2021.

Due to the positive development of the business and results in 2022, the Management Board will, subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board, propose a dividend for financial year 2022 of EUR 4.11 per ordinary share and EUR 4.13 per preference share and a special dividend of EUR 2.00 per ordinary and preference share to the 2023 Annual General Meeting. The proposal would amount to an overall dividend payment of EUR 287 million, equivalent to 74.4% of consolidated profit after minority interests. Based on the year-end share prices in 2022 the calculated dividend yields are 7.1% per ordinary shares and 11.2% per preference share.

Sixt SE remains committed to ensuring that shareholders participate  in  the  company's  success  in  an  appropriate  manner  by paying out a dividend. The amount of the dividend is determined by the Group's earnings performance and future requirements for the equity base.

| Sixt share information  Share classes  No-par value voting bearer shares (WKN: 723132, ISIN: DE0007231326)  No-par value non-voting preference bearer shares (WKN: 723133, ISIN: DE0007231334)  No-par value voting ordinary registered shares (WKN: A1K065, ISIN: DE000A1K0656)  Share classes  Xetra, Frankfurt am Main, Munich, Stuttgart, Hanover, Düsseldorf, Hamburg, Berlin  Key indices  MDAX (weighting of ordinary shares: 0.75 %)  CDAX (weighting of ordinary shares: 0.09 %, weighting of preference shares: 0.08 %)  Prime All Share (weighting of ordinary shares: 0.08 %, weighting of preference shares: 0.06 %)  Trading segment  Prime Standard  Designated sponsors  Stifel Europe Bank AG, M.M. Warburg &amp; Co. KGaA   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Performance of Sixt ordinary and preference shares and MDAX

<!-- image -->

| 2022  2021  Earnings per share -  basic (in EUR)  Ordinary share  8.21  6.66  Preference share  8.23  6.68  Dividend (in EUR)  Ordinary share  6.11 1  3.70  Preference share  6.13 1  3.72  Number of shares (as at 31 Dec.)  46,943,358  46,943,358  Ordinary share  30,367,112  30,367,112  Preference share  16,576,246  16,576,246   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Proposal to the Annual General Meeting including a special dividend of EUR 2.00 per ordinary and preference share

- 2 All prices refer to Xetra closing prices
- 3 Based on Xetra year-end closing price

4 Based on ordinary and preference shares

| 2022  2021  High (in EUR) 2  Ordinary share  165.40  170.00  Preference share  91.40  96.30  Low (in EUR) 2  Ordinary share  82.05  95.50  Preference share  46.85  55.06  Year-end price (in EUR) 2  Ordinary share  85.95  155.60  Preference share  54.50  86.80  Dividend yield (in %) 3  Ordinary share  7.1  2.4  Preference share  11.2  4.3  Market capitalisation (in EUR billion) 3,4  as at 31 Dec.  3.51  6.16   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

O

<!-- image -->

## Dialogue with the capital market intensified

As a listed company, Sixt has always placed great importance to an ongoing and intensive dialogue with the capital market. Sixt SE is listed in the Prime Standard of the German Stock Exchange and is therefore subject to extensive transparency and publicity requirements.

In reporting year 2022, there was a great need for information from investors, analysts and financial media on the effects of the Ukraine war, such as deglobalisation, rising energy costs, inflation and the end of the low interest rate policy of the central banks, on the development of the Group. The effects of possibly  stricter  corona  protection  measures  were  also  a  topic. Strong interest was also shown in the further steps to advance digitalisation and internationalisation, as well as in the strategic and tactical handling of the continued scarce availability of vehicles. In addition, the Sixt sustainability strategy, including the  electrification  of  the  fleet  as  well  as  price  developments within the industry and on the used car market were further key topics. As part of its investor relations work, the company held many personal meetings with investors and analysts and presented itself at roadshows and international conferences.

In addition to the virtual Annual General Meeting on 25 May 2022 and the analysts' conference in Frankfurt, which was held physically for the first time since the coronavirus pandemic on 5 April 2022 and was attended by a number of analysts and investors, the holding of the first Capital Market Day was a particular highlight of investor relations work in financial year 2022. The event took place on 6 July 2022 with attendees present in Munich and Sixt was able to welcome around 30 institutional investors and analysts on this occasion. All members of the Management Board of Sixt SE gave presentations on various topics, in particular on the company strategy and current developments  in  the  strategically  most  important  markets  and business areas of the Group, and answered questions from the guests. In addition, there were various live demonstrations in connection with the Sixt-Customer Journey. For example, the digital rental processes including check-in and turnaround with the Operations App were explained at various stations and a self-driving Mobileye vehicle was presented.

As in last year, an investor presentation was also published for each reporting quarter at ir.sixt.eu under 'Publications' that included the current business environment as well as a detailed analysis of the key data for the quarter. Sustainability aspects such  as  the  programme  to  accelerate  the  reduction  of  CO2 emissions and to increase the demand for intelligent e-mobility represented another focus of capital market communication.

As in previous years, Sixt used investor conferences with domestic and foreign investors to communicate the Group's strategy  and  business  development.  The  events  that  took  place partly virtually and partly in person were met with very strong interest among investors on both sides of the Atlantic.

The Management Board also used the publication of the 2021 annual results and 2022 quarterly reports to provide financial and business journalists with timely information on the current development of the Group. In addition, conference calls were held, which are traditionally a fixed component of communication with relevant business media and news agencies.

In the year under review, Sixt was covered regularly by Baader Bank,  Berenberg,  BNP  Paribas  Exane,  Deutsche  Bank,  DZ Bank, Hauck Aufhäuser Lampe, Jefferies, Metzler, M.M. Warburg, ODDO BHF and STIFEL.The average price target for the Sixt ordinary share stated in the studies was EUR 92.75 as at 31 December of the reporting year (end of 2021: EUR 166.00).

## Analyst recommendations (Sixt ordinary share) as at December 2022

<!-- image -->

73% of the financial analysts issued a positive recommendation (Buy/Outperform/Add) for the Sixt ordinary share as at the end of financial year 2022.

<!-- image -->

O

## COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORT

| - B.1 038     PRINCIPLES OF THE GROUP  1. 038     Business model of the Group  - 1.1 038     Group structure and management  - 1.2 038     Group activities and range of services  2. 039     Operating business  - 2.1 039     Market position and positioning  - 2.2 041 Range of services  3. 04 2 Significant	external	influencing	factors  4. 04 3      Management of the c ompany  5. 04 3 Research	and	development  - B.2 045     ECONOMIC REPORT  1. 04 5 General	economic	conditions  2. 04 6 Overview	of	the	Group's	business	performance and	comparison	with	the	previous	year's	forecast  3. 046 Significant	developments	and	measures	in	the reporting year  4. 048 Revenue	development  - 4.1 048     Development in the Group  - 4.2 048     Revenue breakdowns by regions  - 4.3 049     Earnings development  - 4.4 051 Development of the segments  5. 052 Appropriation	of	profit  6. 052     Net assets  7. 053 Financial	position  - 7.1 053     Financial management and financial instruments  - 7.2 054     Equity  - 7.3 055     Liabilities  8. 055     Liquidity position  9. 056 Investments   |
|---|

| B.3  057     HUMAN RESOURCES REPORT  B.4  062     DISCLOSURES IN ACCORDANCE WITH  SECTIONS 289A AND 315A HGB  B.5  066      FORECAST REPORT  1.  066  General	economic	conditions  2.  066  Sector	developments  3.  067  Expected	future	development  4.  069  Expected	development	of	the  earnings situation in 2023  B.6  070     REPORT ON RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES  1.  070  Internal	control	and	risk	management  system	(including	disclosures	in  accordance	with	sections	289	(4)	and  315	(4)	HGB)  2.  071  Identification	and	assessment	of	risks  3.  071  Risk	situation  3.1  071  General external risks (economic, social,  regulatory and environmental risks)  3.2  072     Specific risks of the mobility industry  3.3  074  Financial risks  3.4  075  Investment risks and trademark rights  3.5  075  Strategic risks  3.6  076  Operational risks  3.7  078  Risks related to the procurement of vehicles  3.8  078  Risks related to the war in  U  kraine  4.  07  8  Management	Board's	assessment	of	the  overall	risk	profile  5.  07  8  Opportunity report  5.1  079     Market opportunities  5.2  079     Competitive opportunities  5.3  081     Opportunities from innovation  B.7  084  COMBINED NON-FINANCIAL GROUP  DECLARATION PURSUANT TO SECTIONS  315B AND C IN CONJUNCTION  WITH 289B TO E OF THE GERMAN  COMMERCIAL	CODE	(HGB)  1.  084  Sustainability	at	Sixt  1.1  084     Entrepreneurial self-image  1.2  084     Principles of reporting  2.  085  Basis	for	acting	sustainably  2.1  086     Materiality  2.2  088     Strategy and management approach  3.  089  Material	fields	of	action  3.1  090     Shared mobility  3.2  091     Greenhouse gas emissions &amp; air quality  3.3  092     Resource conservation  3.4  093     Customer satisfaction  3.5  094     Data protection &amp; IT security  3.6  095     Social engagement  3.7  095     Employee matters  3.8  099     Corporate governance, compliance &amp;  transparency  4.  102  EU	taxonomy  4.1  102  Background and objectives of the regulation  4.2  102  Taxonomy-eligible economic activities  4.3  102  Taxonomy-aligned economic activities  4.4  104  Determination of the taxonomy key figures  4.5  104  Sales revenues  4.6  104  Capital expenditure  4.7  105  Operating expenses  4.8  105  Reporting of the taxonomy indicators  B.8  109     DEPENDENT COMPANY REPORT  B.9  109     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DECLARATION  IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTIONS 289F  AND 315D HGB  B.10  119     ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR SIXT SE  PURSUANT TO HGB   |
|---|

<!-- image -->

## B \\ COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORT

## B.1 \\ PRINCIPLES OF THE GROUP

## 1. BUSINESS MODEL OF THE GROUP

## 1.1 GROUP STRUCTURE AND MANAGEMENT

Sixt SE, with its registered office in Pullach, Germany, is a listed European stock corporation (Societas Europaea) and serves as the parent and holding company of Sixt Group. Sixt SE performs key management and administrative tasks and is responsible for the  strategic  and  financial  management  of  Sixt  Group.  It  also performs important financing functions for the Group.

The operating business of Sixt Group is managed entirely by legally independent subsidiaries in Germany and abroad.

The Management Board of Sixt SE manages the company on its  own  responsibility.  The  Supervisory  Board  of  Sixt  SE  appoints, monitors and advises the Management Board and is directly  involved  in  decisions  of  fundamental  importance  to  the company and the Group.

An overview of the companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements as well as the other shareholdings of Sixt Group, which are of minor economic importance in their entirety, can be found in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements under 'Consolidation'. This report summarises the Management Reports of the Group and Sixt SE in accordance with Section 315 (5) of the German Commercial Code (HGB), hereinafter also referred to as the Combined Management Report or Management Report.

## 1.2 GROUP ACTIVITIES AND RANGE OF SERVICES

Sixt Group is a mobility service provider that operates in Europe and North America. Other regions of the world are covered by franchisees and cooperation partners operating under the SIXT brand name. Sixt has been pursuing a focused premium strategy for many years as a decisive unique selling proposition in competing globally. This strategy is based on the commitment to offering business and private customers high-quality solutions for their respective mobility needs that are characterised by the most flexible processes and ease of use. The high share of vehicles from renowned manufacturer brands in the vehicle fleet is also an elementary component of this strategy.

Sixt aspires to be the innovation leader in the mobility industry. The  technology  and  mobility  platform  ONE  launched  in  2019 plays a major role here. The basis for this is the end-to-end digitalisation of the entire product portfolio (via the SIXT App) as well as all sales channels and operational business processes. Via the SIXT App, users have access to the products SIXT rent, SIXT truck, SIXT share, SIXT ride and, since 2020, also to the car subscription offer SIXT+. In line with the platform strategy, Sixt relies on strong partnerships with which the mobility platform  ONE  is  continuously  expanded  as  an  open  ecosystem. Customers can also access products and services from thirdparty providers, such as the electric scooter, e-bike and e-moped provider TIER and the US ride service provider Lyft, via the SIXT  App.  By  integrating  digital  car  and  commercial  vehicle rental, car sharing, car subscriptions as well as arranging transfer services, customers have access to over 270,000 vehicles and mobility offers from more than 2,700 partners with more than 5  million  drivers  in  over  550  cities  in  more  than  40  countries worldwide via the SIXT App.

Sixt's digitalisation strategy is based on changing customer preferences and demands for mobility and takes a change in usage behaviour in the online and mobile sector into account, which, in turn, is a consequence of technological development. Sixt would like to offer its customers also online lean, flexible and transparent rental processes. By the end of 2022, around 72% (end of 2021: 73%) of reservations in the area of mobility were made via the company's online and mobile channels.

Furthermore,  Sixt  uses  digital  channels  such  as  the  Group's websites and social media accounts to engage in a constant dialogue with its  customers  and  the  general  public.  In  addition, regular  and  continuous  marketing  activities  are  managed  via these channels. In order to promptly identify trends and record data and experience, the company monitors the acceptance of new platforms and applications at an early stage.

## 2. OPERATING BUSINESS

## 2.1 MARKET POSITION AND POSITIONING

The operating business has been segmented by region since financial year 2020. A distinction is made between the reporting segments Germany, Europe and North America.

International  expansion  was  continued  again  in  financial  year 2022 so that the SIXT brand is now present in many of the important markets. The global positioning is divided into own country  organisations  (corporate  countries)  and  cooperation  with franchisees and partners (franchise countries). These partners are  already  established  in  their  respective  markets.  Iraq  and Trinidad and Tobago were introduced as new franchise markets in financial year 2022. As at 31 December 2022, Sixt was represented by franchisees in a total of around 100 markets.

Sixt is present with its own subsidiaries in the European core countries of Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland and the UK, thus covering a large part of the European market. In addition, Sixt is active with subsidiaries in the US and, since 2022, in Canada, as well.

Sixt's strategy is to be represented by its own companies in large markets  with  low-risk  conditions  and  by  qualified  franchisees and  cooperation  partners  in  smaller  markets  or  markets  with higher risks.

<!-- image -->

Segment Germany: Based on its own estimates and data from Euromonitor, Sixt was the market leader in Germany with a market volume of EUR 2.4 billion in 2022, according to Euromonitor, well ahead of competitors. One focus of Sixt's business in Germany has traditionally been on business and corporate customers, together with a strong network of stations at German airports. Sixt operated at least one station at all major German airports as early as 1977 and was represented at 25 airports in financial year 2022. The share of private customers and tourists has increased in recent years, however. At the end of 2022, Sixt still had 355 stations, even after optimising the station network, and will thus continue to ensure extensive coverage in Germany (2021: 418 stations).

Segment Europe: Sixt  has  been  steadily  expanding its  presence in Europe since the mid-1990s and focuses on the leading countries in the car rental market. According to Euromonitor, the UK, France and Spain are the largest rental markets. According to Euromonitor, the market size of the corporate countries in Europe (excluding Germany) amounted to EUR 9.7 billion in 2022. There were 435 stations at the end of 2022 (2021: 448 stations). Private customers and tourists are basically the most important customer segment for Sixt in Europe.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## PRINCIPLES OF THE GROUP

Segment North America: The world's largest car rental market, the US, with an estimated total volume of USD 35.7 billion in 2022 according to Euromonitor, already represents the largest single market for Sixt in terms of revenue generated. Within only a few years, Sixt managed to establish itself as the fourth largest vendor. As in other target markets, Sixt sets also on the other side of the Atlantic its strategy of providing its customers with both premium products and convincing service to achieve a differentiated positioning  in the market. Compared to its original focus on European tourists, Sixt has managed to grow in recent years mainly thanks to a higher share of American private and business  customers.  Similar  to  Europe,  Sixt  also  relies  on  a strong presence at major airports and business centres in the US to further support its growing corporate customer base in the US and to strengthen its network of stations on the East Coast, especially at major hubs of American airlines. At the 50 most important US airports for Sixt, which according to the company's own estimates account for around 70% of the total market volume at airports of approx. USD 11 billion, the company is already represented at 38 airports by the end of 2022. There were 99 stations in the US at the end of 2022 (2021: 98 stations). Expansion in Canada has followed a similar strategy since 2022. As at 31 December 2022, there were three stations in operation in  Canada.  This  brings  the  total  number  of  stations  in  North America to 102.

## Source

Euromonitor International, Travel 2023, January 2023, previous year`s figures refer to the updated study

The Group's target audiences include private customers/tourists and  business/corporate  customers.  Sixt  Group's  revenue  is mainly  generated  through  the  Business  to  Customer  (B2C), Business  to  Business  (B2B)  and  Business  to  Partner  (B2P) sales  channels.  While  B2B  refers  to  the  rental  business  with business/corporate customers, rental business with private customers/tourists falls under B2C. The B2P sales approach also targets private/end customers, however, unlike B2C, customers are not acquired directly (e.g. via the Sixt website) but rather via an intermediary partner. The B2C and B2P sales channels account for a total of 72% (2021: 66%), the remaining 26% (2021: 34%) are accounted for by B2B and other.

The company continues to pursue its dedicated premium approach, which ensures the high quality of the vehicle fleet and includes  customer-oriented  service.  Sixt  therefore  traditionally offers its customers a large number of high-quality equipped vehicles from renowned manufacturers. In 2022, around 57% of additions to the fleet in the Sixt corporate countries consisted of vehicles from the premium brands Audi, BMW and Mini, as well as Mercedes-Benz, compared to 57% the previous year. The company focuses on comprehensive and modern equipment for its vehicle fleet in terms of driving comfort and safety.

<!-- image -->

A significant shortage of vehicles in 2022 was caused by supply bottlenecks due to the shortage of semiconductors. Nevertheless, the Group's average vehicle stock in Germany and abroad (excluding  franchisees)  was  increased  to  138,400  vehicles again  in  financial  year  2022  (2021:  125,300).  Besides  the 146,200 new vehicles (2021: 167,000) that were added to the rental  fleet,  extensions  of  the  holding  periods,  as  well  as  the holding of vehicles over the turn of the year, had a positive impact. This was Sixt's response to the significant recovery and normalisation of the market in the reporting year. Including the vehicles of franchisees and cooperation partners, Sixt's global vehicle fleet consisted of an average of 270,900 vehicles in 2022 following 242,000 vehicles in 2021.

Sixt is represented by franchise and cooperation partners outside  the  European  and  North  American  corporate  countries. Thanks to this dual orientation with its own companies and franchisees, the SIXT brand was present in around 100 countries in 2022, virtually unchanged from the previous year.

Despite  advancing  digitalisation,  which  makes  it  possible  for customers to rent a vehicle without making a prior visit to a rental station and saves costs, the close-knit network of 2,098 stations at the end of 2022 (including franchise countries) remains the basis of the operating business. The company had 2,180 rental stations at the end of the previous financial year. Virtual stations are also available to customers, where they can rent and pick up vehicles at frequented locations such as shopping centres or car parks simply by using their smartphone and the SIXT App.

<!-- image -->

## 2.2 RANGE OF SERVICES

The Group's product  portfolio  includes  SIXT  rent  (car  rental), SIXT truck (commercial vehicle rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT+ (car subscriptions) and SIXT ride (transfer services). All products are linked via the SIXT App and the integrated mobility platform ONE launched in 2019.

- \ \ SIXT rent: SIXT rent bundles the Group's activities in the area of traditional car rental, which remains the core of the business model, and offers short- to medium-term mobility. Besides  being  able  to  receive  detailed  advice  from  service agents via the broad network of stations, the SIXT App enables a completely digital rental process. At selected rental stations in Europe and North America, especially airports, customers are able to select their vehicle until shortly before the rental period begins, head straight to the car park without having to go to the rental counter. The digital service will gradually be extended to other stations at airports and in urban areas.

SIXT rent offers holiday travellers a wide range of international holiday rental cars. This is tailored to the respective mobility needs in the vacation regions.

- \ \ SIXT truck: In addition to the rental of cars, since 2021 Sixt offers a wide selection of commercial vehicles under the SIXT truck  product,  also  known  as  Vans  &amp;  Trucks.  The  products range from vans to trucks with a gross vehicle weight of up to twelve tonnes. These vehicles from renowned manufacturers for special groups of customers are available for short or longterm rentals and thus cover a wide range of mobility requirements. Services such as accessories for moving as well as special equipment and fixtures round off the truck range. As at 31 December 2022, Sixt's corporate and franchise station network comprised more than 900 stations offering vans and trucks, of which more than 20 were Truck Centres. Sixt Truck Centres are designed to meet the increased needs of corporate and commercial customers.
- \ \ SIXT share: With SIXT share, the company offers a flexible car  sharing  service  that  allows  for  a  vehicle  to  be  returned even outside of firmly defined business regions. This means the vehicle can be returned at any Sixt station in Germany. By cross-linking the vehicle fleets of SIXT rent and SIXT share, the company leverages synergies within the Group, as the vehicles can be flexibly deployed as needed. This enables Sixt to offer its services not only in large cities and metropolitan areas, but also in surrounding communities. Sixt is thus the first car sharing provider to have already opened up several communities near Munich, thus offering even more people in suburban areas a range of flexible, modern mobility options and at the same time making a contribution to the mobility revolution. The bundling of the vehicle fleets also offers Sixt customers the advantage of a larger selection of vehicle brands and types. With the integrated offering and thanks to the networking of both product areas, the usage periods can also be flexibly adapted to the actual needs of the users from a few minutes to several days, with the most favourable price being offered in each case. Following the launch of SIXT share in Berlin, Hamburg and Munich in 2019, the company expanded abroad in mid-2020 by entering the market in the Netherlands (Amsterdam, Rotterdam and The Hague). SIXT share offers a pure e-fleet  in  this  country.  A  total  of  more  than  2.0  million (2021:  more  than  2.5  million)  drives  were  booked  with SIXT share in financial year 2022.

Sixt Share comprises offers in the field of micro-mobility with e-scooters, e-mopeds and e-bikes.

<!-- image -->

## PRINCIPLES OF THE GROUP

- \ \ SIXT+: With the launch of the car subscription offer SIXT+ in June 2020, Sixt expanded the product offering on its mobility platform ONE. SIXT+ is the solution for customers who do not want to be tied down for years by buying or leasing. Unlike car sharing or short-term rentals, customers receive their own car with SIXT+, which they can use just like a private vehicle for as  long  as  they  wish  at  fixed  monthly  rates.  All  costs  for maintenance, insurance, servicing and wear and tear are included. By focusing on monthly cancellable subscriptions, fast delivery times and flexible product features such as the pause option or digital customisability of the subscription configuration during the subscription, Sixt sets itself apart from the competition.

Due to the longer contract terms, Sixt can better plan its revenues and cash flows compared to short-term rentals. Particularly in  view of the rapidly advancing shift towards electric mobility, SIXT+ offers subscribers the opportunity to test alternative drives in everyday life, without taking on long-term commitments or residual value risks.

Following its launch in Germany in mid-2020, SIXT+ rapidly expanded into other markets and was available in all Sixt corporate countries (except Canada) by the end of 2021. In the future, all SIXT subscription products will be united under the SIXT+ brand umbrella and be specifically developed further, including the international rental car flat rate SIXT+ unlimited as a premium model, as well as SIXT+ flex as a flexible alternative to a company car.

- \ \ SIXT ride: SIXT ride is an integrated mobility service available since 2012 that is primarily based on the brokering of driving and transfer services (ride hailing or taxi). The company cooperates with more than 2,700 partners and more than 5 million drivers worldwide. Customers can be picked up in more than 550 cities in over 40 countries worldwide and book transfers in advance. The offer is available not only in major cities, but also includes small towns and rural areas through cooperation with local partners. In order to be able to provide this comprehensive  and  integrated  offer,  the  company  works

together  with  renowned  international  mobility  partners.  Besides taxi centres in all major German cities, these include established ride-hailing networks such as the ride service provider Lyft in the US, Cabify in Spain, Addison Lee in Great Britain and itTaxi in Italy.

SIXT ride offers corporate customers the advantage of a simple and uniform billing system so that driving services can be included in business travellers' planning and booking and be billed transparently. Thus, taxis can be booked directly while planning travel via interfaces to company travel portals. Due to the bookability in the Amadeus transfer hub, travel agencies also have access to SIXT ride.

By  integrating  sustainable  hybrid  and  fully  electric  vehicle models, SIXT ride has also been offering a CO2-saving option for journeys from A to B in many cities and regions since October 2021. Besides Berlin and Munich, the respective models are also available in many other European cities.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT EXTERNAL INFLUENCING FACTORS

Sixt Group operates internationally and has a listed parent company. Thus, the business of the Group companies is under the influence of a large number of different legal systems and regulations. These include regulations in the areas of road traffic, environmental protection, customer and data protection and public order, as well as tax and insurance laws and regulations for the financial and capital markets.

In economic terms, Sixt Group is influenced by the general macroeconomic conditions, which determine in particular the willingness of business travellers to spend, the consumption of private individuals and the willingness of companies to invest. In addition, there are also industry-specific factors such as the availability of new vehicles and the development of the used vehicles markets. These and other influencing factors, which represent both risks and opportunities for Sixt Group, are explained in detail in the Report on Risks and Opportunities.

## 4. MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY

The long-term success of Sixt Group is measured using predefined financial performance indicators.

The following financial performance indicators are of particular importance at the Group level:

- \ \ Revenue
- \ \ Earnings before taxes (EBT)

In addition, the return on revenue (EBT÷revenue) and the equity ratio (equity÷total assets) serve as performance indicators.

The relevant performance indicator for the operating segments is Corporate EBITDA, i.e., earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA), but with additional consideration of depreciation on rental vehicles and the attributable interest result.

Sixt Group aims to achieve the following returns and ratios in the long term and thus on a sustainable basis:

- \ \ A pre-tax return on revenue of at least 10%.
- \ \ A Group equity ratio of at least 20%.

## 5. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Sixt  pursues  a  consistent  digitalisation  strategy  that  encompasses both its product portfolio and sales channels as well as its operational business processes. In doing so, Sixt uses and drives the latest technological developments and digital services forward in order to be able to offer its customers fast, flexible and convenient solutions. The company places great importance on its own technological expertise and development activities for its business success. Sixt has organised its research and development activities in the SIXT TECH unit, which is divided into Product Divisions and Enabling Divisions. In 2022, 770 employees on average were working for the SIXT TECH unit, mainly in the development centres in Germany, India and Ukraine. A fourth development site was opened in Lisbon, Portugal, at the end of financial year 2022. The focus of this location is on pricing, yield and fulfilment.

Product Divisions: The Product Divisions pursue the goal of developing and optimising mobility solutions. In addition, the focus is on increasing internal efficiency.

Enabling Divisions : The Enabling Divisions are responsible for digital  security,  the  internal  IT  infrastructure,  provision  of  the cloud platform ONE and other technical support for the specialist departments.  In  addition,  they  pursue  the  goal  of  constantly keeping the IT infrastructure in the branches as well as at Group headquarters in Pullach up to date with the latest technology.

The goal is the new and further development of all mobility products and the associated fundamental and continuous modernisation of the company's own IT infrastructure towards a 100% cloud-based technology. Sixt uses an agile project management and development methodology based on SCRUM.

The most important activities in the Product Divisions in 2022 were:

Consumer Products: The Consumer Products Division manages the range of products aimed at customers, particularly via the Sixt website and the SIXT App. An older version of the website was completely replaced by new technologies in the reporting year.

Pricing and Yield: The  Pricing  and  Yield  Division  deals  with pricing and fleet management. In addition to the continuous optimisation of pricing algorithms, the division also works on new, data-driven approaches to fleet planning.

Sales: The Sales Division focuses on expanding and optimising the digital offering for business and corporate customers (B2B). Its tasks include making the functionalities from the private customer business (B2C) and partner business (B2P) available for B2B as well and digitalising the sales process end-to-end.

Fulfillment: The Fulfillment Division focuses on the digitalisation of car rental and fleet management processes. The IT tools used for vehicle check-in, turnaround and check-out when renting and returning vehicles were developed even further in the reporting year and digital rental software for customers was introduced. In addition, the development of new integrated fleet management software was started in order to optimise global fleet processes even further. The software developments mentioned are cloud-based.

<!-- image -->

## PRINCIPLES OF THE GROUP

Finance: Among its other tasks, the Finance Division ensures the connection and consolidation of modern payment methods across all Sixt products, flexible and real-time processing, especially  of  receivables and the transparent settlement of agency fees, which are of great importance to partners such as airports and booking portals. The ongoing optimisation of the ERP system is yet another focus.

Ride: The  Ride  Division  provides  the  platform  for  taxis  and chauffeur services and is constantly developing it further, by integrating Google Maps, for example.

Share: SIXT share has expanded its range by integrating partner companies and now offers various types of On-Demand mobility  (mopeds,  scooters,  e-bikes)  internationally.  Car  sharing partners are also included to increase availability even further. In  addition,  other  important  payment  options  such  as  PayPal have been put into operation. SIXT share has been integrated into FreeNow to further maximise the utilisation of its own fleet.

Vans &amp; Trucks: The Vans &amp; Trucks Division creates customised applications for demanding customers in need of commercial vehicles from Sixt. Above all, the solutions help Sixt customers to manage their daily work and simplify everyday life for professional drivers and fleet managers. The division was thus able to establish a professional van sharing concept together with a globally active online mail order company. This gives parcel delivery companies fully digital access to Sixt vans.

The total costs of the areas in Sixt Group that are significantly involved in development activities amounted to EUR 36.4 million in the financial year (2021: EUR 29.0 million).

Development costs of EUR 20.7 million (2021: EUR 11.4 million) relating to current and future software solutions were capitalised in 2022.

## B.2 \\  ECONOMIC REPORT

Due to commercial rounding, it is quite possible that individual figures presented in this Combined Management Report may not add up exactly to the totals shown. For the same reason, percentages presented may not accurately reflect the absolute figures to which they relate.

The economic growth percentages shown below that were published by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) are preliminary estimates for 2022 and forecasts for 2023.

## 1. GENERAL ECONOMIC CONDITIONS

In line with its internationalisation strategy, Sixt continued to expand the focus of the Group's activities in 2022, mainly to Western European countries and the United States. Therefore, the investment activity of the economy, the consumer behaviour of private customers and the willingness of corporate customers to spend in these regions have increased weight for the development of the entire Sixt Group's business.

The recovery of the economy from the effects of the corona pandemic, originally expected for 2022, was slowed down by the war in Ukraine. In response to the sanctions imposed by the West, the Russian leadership has massively reduced the supply of cheap gas to Europe. As a result, prices for energy and food rose rapidly here, and the average annual inflation in the euro area rose to over 10% in the fourth quarter, according to the statistical office of the European  Union  (Eurostat).  This  generally  dampened  demand  and caused an unexpectedly rapid end to the low interest rate policy. Compared to US-Dollar the Euro lost value significantly and fell to a yearly average of USD 1.05 from USD 1.18 in the previous year.

The European air transport sector, on the other hand, which was hit particularly hard by the corona pandemic, was less impacted by this development. According to the aviation security organisation Eurocontrol,  9.3  million  flights  were  operated  again  in  2022  3.1 million more than in 2021. This equates to 83% of the traffic volume in the pre-corona year 2019. After demand for domestic flights in the US had already picked up again by mid-2021, international travel has also recovered in recent months, according to Germany Trade &amp; Invest (GTAI), the company of the Federal Republic of Germany for Foreign Trade and Location Marketing, along with the large pent-up demand as a result of the corona pandemic. For example, United Airlines reported around 20% more demand for the summer of 2022 than in 2019. Delta Air Lines announced its intention to bring its capacity back to pre-pandemic levels by the summer of 2023.

Although the impact of the pandemic has weakened in most countries, the persistent waves of infection continued to affect economic activity, especially in China. Supply bottlenecks, especially for raw materials and intermediate products, have slowed down the global economy.  According  to  the  International  Monetary  Fund  (IMF), global economic output improved by only 3.4% in 2022 as a whole, after posting a 6.2% increase in 2021.

In the US, economic output rose by only 2.0%, after increasing by 5.9% in the previous year. The unemployment rate in the US fell from 3.9% in December of the previous year to 3.5% in December 2022.

According to IMF estimates, economic output in the EU increased by 3.5% in the reporting period after posting a 5.3% increase in the previous year. In Sixt's European corporate countries, economic growth reached rates of between 2.0% (Luxembourg) and 5.5% (Spain).

By contrast, the German economy grew by only 1.9% last year, after the gross domestic product (GDP) had increased by 2.6% a year earlier, despite the influence of the corona pandemic. The economic development was essentially shaped by the Ukraine war and the challenges associated with it, especially with regard to the energy supply. In spite of bottlenecks in supply chains, sanctions against Russia and finally the suspension of Russian gas supplies at the end of August, the German economy proved resilient overall. Notwithstanding all the crises, the German labour market was stable last year: The unemployment rate averaged 5.3% after 5.7% the previous year.

## Sources

Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Protection (BMWK), Annual Economic Report of the Federal Government 2023, January 2023

Federal Employment Agency, Annual Review 2022, press release on 3 January 2023 Aviation Security Organisation Eurocontrol, Performance 2022 - Outlook 2023, December 2022

International Monetary Fund (IMF), World Economic Outlook Update January 2023 U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, The Employment Situation - December 2022, press release on 6 January 2023

Statistical Office of the European Union (Eurostat): Annual inflation rate in the euro area down to 9.2%; December 2022

Germany Trade &amp; Invest: It is a long way to normality; 27 October 2022

## 2. OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP'S BUSINESS PERFORMANCE AND COMPARISON WITH THE PREVIOUS YEAR'S FORECAST

Financial year 2022 was a very successful year for Sixt Group. Consolidated earnings before taxes (EBT) once again exceeded the previous year's level, which was already well above the precorona level. This was spurred on by the positive market environment on the one hand, marked by a strong return of the desire to travel, and by the persistently good market price level due to the scarcity of available vehicles on the other hand. The strategic investments in internationalisation and digitalisation, which are  increasingly  paying  off,  were  the  main  factors  behind  the positive development, however. In the past year, Sixt achieved consolidated revenue of EUR 3.07 billion (2021: EUR 2.28 billion). Consolidated EBT amounted to EUR 550.2 million (2021: EUR 442.2 million).

Sixt SE had issued a forecast for financial year 2022 for the first time at the beginning of March 2022. At that time, the Management Board assumed a significant increase in consolidated revenue compared to 2021 (EUR 2.28 billion) and expected consolidated EBT in a range of EUR 380 million to EUR 480 million.

Sixt SE had already confirmed and concretised the forecast for the full year in August 2022 based on the figures for the first six months  of  2022.  According  to  it,  the  Management  Board  of Sixt SE expected a significant increase in consolidated revenue compared  to  the  previous  year  (2021:  EUR  2.28  billion)  and earnings before taxes (EBT) of Sixt Group at the upper end of the range of EUR 380 million to EUR 480 million communicated most recently.

Based on the preliminary results for the third quarter of 2022, the forecast for the financial year was raised significantly on 14 September 2022: The Management Board of Sixt SE now expected consolidated revenue of between EUR 2.8 billion and EUR 3.1 billion for financial year 2022 (2021: EUR 2.28 billion). Earnings before taxes (EBT) of Sixt Group for financial year 2022 were expected to be in the range of between EUR 500 million and EUR 550 million (2021: EUR 442.2 million).

The forecast for consolidated revenue was confirmed and the forecast for consolidated EBT concretised to the upper end of the range of EUR 500 million to EUR 550 million communicated most recently when the results for the third quarter were published on 9 November 2022. These forecasts were fully met.

Consolidated revenue increased by 34.3% to EUR 3.07 billion in 2022 compared to the previous year (2021: EUR 2.28 billion). Foreign business was the main driver of this increase by posting growth of 42.7% to EUR 2.19 billion (2021: EUR 1.53 billion). Consolidated revenue in Germany rose by 17.1% to EUR 878.1 million (2021: EUR 749.6 million).

In the reporting period, Sixt Group reported a significant yearon-year increase in EBT to EUR 550.2 million (2021: EUR 442.2 million). The return on revenue in the reporting year was 17.9% compared to 19.4% in 2021.

The equity ratio of 35.7% reported as at 31 December 2022 continues to be significantly above the minimum target value of 20% and only slightly below the value of 38.6% achieved in the previous year.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT DEVELOPMENTS AND MEASURES IN THE REPORTING YEAR

- \ \ Expansion of the Management Board: Sixt  expanded the Group's Management Board in mid-September by appointing two executives from its own ranks, thus setting the course for further  growth.  As  Chief  Commercial  Officer  (CCO),  James Adams is responsible for Consumer Products, as well as for Price &amp; Capacity Management, in particular. As Chief Business Officer (CBO), Vinzenz Pflanz is responsible for global sales and global vehicle purchasing.
- \ \ Sixt  advances  to  the  MDAX: On  21  March,  the  ordinary share of Sixt SE was admitted to the MDAX selection index, the 50-stock index that is the second-largest German share index after the DAX. This makes Sixt even more attractive for investors, international institutional investors, in particular.
- \ \ Renewal of the syndicated loan at improved terms: Sixt Group was able to increase its room for manoeuvre to finance its operating business and especially expand its vehicle fleet in financial year 2022. For example, Sixt SE repaid its previous syndicated loan of EUR 750 million ahead of schedule at the end of September and replaced it with a new revolving syndicated loan of EUR 950 million with significantly improved conditions. The new credit line has a term of five years instead of the previous three years.

## \ \ Expansion of the fleet despite a challenging environment:

Sixt was able to further expand its rental fleet in the past financial year compared to the previous year and thus meet the increasing demand, despite the very difficult conditions on the procurement  markets,  including  major  vehicle  bottlenecks. Thanks to intelligent and efficient vehicle purchasing and fleet management based on long-term supplier relationships, extensions of holding periods, procurement from new manufacturers, as well as holding vehicles over the turn of the year, the average fleet stock (excluding franchises) in financial year 2022 was around 138,400 vehicles, 10% more than in the previous year (125,300). Despite the expansion of the manufacturer structure, Sixt Group continues to rely mainly on models from European and American OEMs. Their share of the total fleet at the end of 2022 was around 84%, which is still at a very high level. The premium share (Audi, BMW, MercedesBenz and Mini brands) in the fleet remained stable at 57% (2021: 57%) in financial year 2022 (measured by vehicle value of the additions).

## \ \

- Continuation of the internationalisation and growth strategy: Sixt opened four new stations in the US in the past year: the last one was at the International Airport in Nashville/Tennessee in mid-October. Before that, new stations had already gone into operation at Thurgood Marshall International Airport in Baltimore/Washington as well as at Douglas International Airport in Charlotte/North Carolina and at Lihue Airport in Ka-

uai/Hawaii.

In mid-July, Sixt opened its first station in Canada that is located in the middle of Downtown Vancouver and thus in an ideal location for tourists to explore.

Sixt opened one of the largest Van &amp; Truck Centres in Europe in Berlin in February. The 15,000 m 2  centre, which is specially designed to meet the individual needs of Van &amp; Truck customers, is located on the site of the former Tegel Airport directly on the city motorway and has a fleet of up to 500 vehicles. In addition, Sixt achieved a significant expansion of its UK Van &amp; Truck business in the third quarter by acquiring Dorset Vehicle Rentals and the Van &amp; Truck division of GAP Group.

Sixt expanded its network of taxi and ride-hailing partners to Italy in January. Thanks to the cooperation with the local taxi company itTaxi, on-demand ride-hailing via SIXT ride is now also available in Rome.

- \ \ Holistically  sustainable: The  Management  Board  of  Sixt adopted  a  holistic  sustainability  programme  in  September. The declared goal is to get many more people excited about sustainable mobility. The package of measures focuses on the electrification of the fleet, the establishment of the company's own charging infrastructure, the expansion of the mobility platform ONE into a single sign-on for hundreds of thousands of charging points, and even earlier climate neutrality as a company. Sixt is investing a total of EUR 50 million in the expansion of its own charging infrastructure alone.

Sixt introduced Van &amp; Truck Sharing, a new solution for the digital management and flexible operation of a Sixt van fleet, in mid-August. The app was developed together with one of the world's largest online retailers. With Van &amp; Truck Sharing, logistics companies can rent, manage and allocate commercial vehicles from Sixt directly via the app. This enables them to  achieve  higher  fleet  utilisation  and  maximum  flexibility  in fleet and logistics partner management. The fleet sizes necessary and the related need for production and parking areas are thus drastically reduced, which in turn protects the environment.

- \ \ Major marketing activities: Sixt invested in marketing activities mainly in Germany, France and the US in the reporting year. Several successful marketing campaigns were carried out in Germany, e.g. a summer campaign in June involving the comedy star Teddy Teclebrhan that was aimed at drawing attention to the advantages and product offers of the SIXT App ('Drive what, when and where you want'). The campaign was promoted across various TV and social media channels and achieved a reach of more than 100 million people on Instagram alone. Other cross-channel campaigns, such as the '50 Years of the BMW M' campaign between June and November, or  the  'SIXT  ride  Chauffeur  Service' campaign launched in November, reinforced Sixt's positioning as a premium mobility provider with a variety of high-quality products and services. The  'SIXT  ride  Chauffeur  Service'  campaign  was  also launched in France, parallel to Germany, in November. It focused on the metropolitan regions of Paris, Lyon and Nice and advertised in public places and airports as well as on various online and social media channels. Under the motto 'Don't rent a car - rent THE car,' Sixt launched its first nationwide brand campaign in the US in December that was broadcast on TV as  well  as  online.  The  campaign  is  intended  to  increase awareness of the Sixt brand in the US and establish the image of  a  premium car rental company. Sixt expanded its typical airport  advertising  even  further  at  important  locations  and

advertised  with  eye-catching  advertising  spaces  at  international airports in the reporting year.

- \ \ Cyber-attack: IT Security at Sixt SE discovered irregularities at the end of April and immediately initiated countermeasures in accordance with pre-planned security protocols. In the aftermath, it was confirmed that Sixt SE had been the target of a cyber-attack, which the IT specialists were able to contain at an early stage implementing countermeasures. As a result of the safety precautions taken by shutting down the IT infrastructure,  there  were  short-term  operational  disruptions  in customer centres and branches, however the systems of importance to the rental business, such as the website and apps, were able to continue operating without interruption. Sixt was in contact with the relevant authorities and complied with its reporting  obligations  in  accordance  with  the  legal  requirements.
- \ \ Awards for excellence: Sixt received awards in 18 different categories at the World Travel Awards for Europe in early October. The company was awarded the title of 'Leading Business  Car  Rental  Company'  in  Europe  and  'Leading  Car Rental  Company'  in  countries  such  as  Germany,  England, France, Italy and Switzerland. Sixt also received awards in the categories 'Europe's Leading Chauffeur  Company'  and

'Europe's Leading Luxury Car Rental Company.' Regine Sixt was also honoured with the 'Corporate Social Responsibility Award' for Europe for her children's aid foundation Drying Little  Tears.  The  World  Travel  Awards  have  been  presented since 1993 and are among the most prestigious awards in the travel and tourism industry.

## 4. REVENUE DEVELOPMENT

## 4.1 DEVELOPMENT IN THE GROUP

<!-- image -->

Consolidated revenue increased by 34.3 % to EUR 3.07 billion (2021: EUR 2.28 billion) in the reporting year as a result of a strong return to travel activities, particularly in other European countries and the USA, and a continuing good market price level due to the shortage of vehicles.

| Breakdown of consolidated revenue  2022  2021  in EUR million  in %  in EUR million  in %  Rental revenue  2,847.5  92.9  2,097.4  91.9  Other revenue from rental business  208.6  6.8  172.4  7.6  Other revenue  10.2  0.3  12.6  0.6  Total  3,066.2  100.0  2,282.4  100.0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4.2 REVENUE BREAKDOWNS BY REGIONS

In Germany, consolidated revenue for 2022 was EUR 878.1 million, an  increase  of  17.1%  compared  to  the  previous  year  (EUR 749.6 million).  At  EUR 768.1 million, rental revenue was 17.1% above previous year's level  (EUR 656.0 million).  Other  revenue from  rental  business  increased  by  21.7%  and  reached  EUR 101.7 million (2021: EUR 83.6 million).

Abroad, an even more significant year-on-year increase in consolidated revenue of 42.7% to EUR 2.19 billion was achieved in 2022 (2021: EUR 1.53 billion).

Rental revenue abroad rose by 44.3% to EUR 2.08 billion (2021: EUR 1.44 billion). This development was driven in particular by an increase in travel compared to the previous year, with strategic investments  in  internationalisation  also  increasingly  paying  off.  At EUR 106.8 million, other revenue from rental business was also significantly  above  the  previous  year's  level  (EUR  88.8 million; +20.3%).

Overall, the share of foreign revenue also increased again in 2022 and reached 71.4% (2021: 67.2%); the share of consolidated revenue in Germany decreased to 28.6% (2021: 32.8%) accordingly.

## 4.3 EARNINGS DEVELOPMENT

| Consolidated income statement (condensed)  Change  Change  in EUR million  2022  2021  in total  in %  Consolidated revenue  3,066.2  2,282.4  783.7  34.3  Other operating income  309.3  157.3  152.0  96.7  Fleet expenses  630.0  506.5  123.5  24.4  Personnel expenses  567.7  405.3  162.4  40.1  Depreciation and amortisation expense including impairments  554.6  370.0  184.6  49.9  Other operating expenses  1,034.3  678.7  355.6  52.4  Earnings before net finance costs and taxes (EBIT)  588.8  479.2  109.6  22.9  Financial result  -38.6  -37.0  -1.6  4.4  Earnings before taxes (EBT)  550.2  442.2  108.0  24.4  Income tax expense  164.4  129.0  35.4  27.5  Consolidated profit/loss  385.7  313.2  72.6  23.2  Earnings per share (in EUR) 1  8.2  6.7  1.6  23.2   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 Basic, in 2022 based on 46.9 million shares (weighted), in 2021 based on 46.9 million shares (weighted)

## Earnings Reconciliation Presentation of changes compared to previous year

in EUR million

<!-- image -->

Other operating income increased by 96.7% to EUR 309.3 million (2021: EUR 157.3 million). In particular, gains from currency translation increased significantly (EUR 157.6 million; +170.6%). Gains from currency translation are offset by expenses from foreign currencies in the amount of EUR 163.5 million which are recognised under the other operating expenses. The increase in both positions is due to the fluctuating exchange rates, especially  the  US-Dollar  against  Euro.  In  addition,  other  operating income includes among others income from forwarding costs to third parties (EUR 55.2 million; +30.7%), income from the reversal of provisions (EUR 19.1 million; +208.2%) as well as capitalised  costs  for  self-developed  software  (EUR  20.7  million; +81.7%).

The fleet expenses item comprises expenses for the rental fleet during the useful lives of the vehicles (for example fuel, transport,

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

insurance, motor vehicle taxes, vehicle maintenance and repairs, vehicle  preparation).  Fleet  expenses  rose  by  24.4%  to  EUR 630.0 million (2021: EUR 506.5 million). In addition to the average annual increase in fleet (excluding franchisees) size by 10.5%, costs also rose in line with general inflation.

Personnel expenses increased by 40.1% to EUR 567.7 million (2021: 405.3 million) in line with the expansion of the workforce, especially in strategically important areas such as stations, service centers, and digitalisation, as well as with the market-oriented wage and salary increases and higher variable compensation.

Depreciation and amortisation expense including impairments was with EUR 554.6 million 49.9% above the level of the previous year of EUR 370.0 million. Depreciation of rental vehicles (EUR 407.7 million; +68.6%) increased significantly, in particular due to the larger fleet and the higher proportion of vehicles without  buy-back  agreements.  Depreciation  of  property  and equipment (EUR 140.1 million; +14.0%), mainly relating to the right of use assets according to IFRS 16, increased, too. Also amortisation of intangible assets recorded a significant growth (EUR 6.9 million; +27.2%) particularly due to the amortisation of completed projects in connection with internally developed software.

Other operating expenses increased by 52.4% to EUR 1.03 billion in the reporting year (2021: EUR 678.7 million). The rise is particularly due to increased revenue-related provisions (EUR 299.3 million; +50.7%), increased expenses for marketing and sales (EUR 155.6 million; +121,6%) as well as the upswing in expenses from currency translation, which grew from EUR 58.8 million to EUR 163.5 million by 177.8%.

For 2022, Sixt Group shows earnings before net finance costs and taxes (EBIT) of EUR 588.8 million (2021: 479.2 million). The EBIT margin, based on consolidated revenue, stood at 19.2% (2021: 21.0%).

The financial result changed slightly to EUR -38.6 million (2021: -37.0 million).  The  interest  result  came  to  EUR  -38.7  million (2021: -37.1 million), mainly due to increased interest income. Interest expenses in amount of EUR 10.0 million (2021: EUR 6.3 million) resulted from lease agreements. Other net financial income amounted to EUR 0.1 million (2021: EUR 0.1 million).

Sixt recorded consolidated earnings before taxes (EBT) of EUR 550.2 million  (2021:  EUR 442.2 million).  The  EBT  margin  based on consolidated revenue - was 17.9% (2021: 19.4%).

Income tax expense amounted to EUR 164.4 million (2021: EUR 129.0 million). The tax rate, based on EBT, thus came to 29.9 % (Vj. 29.2 %).

For the financial year 2022, the Sixt Group reports a consolidated profit of EUR 385.7 million (2021: 313.2 million). There is no minority interests (2021: EUR 3 thousand), consolidated profit after taxes and minority interests came to EUR 385.7 million (2021: EUR 313.1 million).

| Reconciliation EBT to Corporate EBITDA  in EUR million  2022  2021  Earnings before taxes (EBT)  550.2  442.2  Depreciation and amortisation expense  including impairments  554.6  370.0  Financial result  -38.6  -37.0  Earnings before interest, taxes,  depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA)  1,143.4  849.2  Depreciation of rental vehicles  1  -407.7  -241.7  Fleet related interest result  -36.3  -34.9  Corporate EBITDA  699.4  572.6   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 Since the financial year 2022 depreciation of rental vehicles contains the depreciation of right of use assets for rental vehicles financed by lease contracts, that was reported under  depreciation of property and equipment  in the previous year. The prior year comparative figues have been adjusted accordingly.

The Corporate EBITDA, which is used for the assessment of the performance of the segments, increased from EUR 572.6 million to  EUR 699.4 million. This industry-standard key figure is defined as earnings before taxes adjusted for non-fleet related depreciation and amortisation and non-fleet related interest as well as the other financial result. In contrast to the EBITDA, the Corporate EBITDA is thus reduced by fleet related expenses such as depreciation and interest.

Earnings per share (basic) for the reporting year amounted to EUR 8.22. In the previous year it came to EUR 6.67 per share.

| Return indicators Sixt Group  in %  2022  2021  Return on equity (ratio of EBT to equity)  27.8  25.3  Return on revenue (ratio of EBT to consolidated revenue)  17.9  19.4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4.4 DEVELOPMENT OF THE SEGMENTS

In line with the company's internal reporting structures, the business of the Sixt Group is segmented according to regional aspects.  The  segment  report  distinguishes  between  segments Germany, Europe (excluding Germany) and North America. The profitability  of  the  segments  is  represented  by  the  industrystandard key figure Corporate EBITDA.

The share of Group revenue generated in the segment Germany amounted to EUR 869.8 million (2021: EUR 739.6 million). In the segment  Germany,  the  combination  of  a  rather  subdued  increase in demand in regional comparison and higher expenses as a result of price increases and staff expansion led to a relative decline  in  Corporate  EBITDA  (EUR  162.6  million;  2021:  EUR 176.2 million). In addition, the development of prices was influenced through a relatively high share of corporate business customers.

The  segment  Europe  contributed  the  largest  share  of  EUR 1,278.0 million (2021: EUR 945.6 million) to the Group's revenue. The business benefited from strong travel activity, particularly in the summer months and vacation countries such as France, Spain and Italy. The segment Europe recorded a Corporate EBITDA of EUR 351.6 million (2021: EUR 231.5 million).

The  segment  North  America  achieved  the  most  significant  increase,  contributing  a  share  of  EUR  908.2  million  (2021:  EUR 584.6 million) to the Group's revenue. Strong travel volumes, particularly in the third quarter, were also a key factor in the positive development.  Both  demand  for  mobility  and  the  market  price level  remained  at  an  elevated  level  until  the  end  of  the  year. There  was  a  positive  impact  of  the  relative  strong  US-Dollar compared to the Euro as well. In 2022 one Euro was equal to only USD 1.05 in average compared to USD 1.18 in the previous year.  Corporate EBITDA increased relatively moderately, in particular  due  to  high  investments  in  brand  awareness,  to  EUR 185.8 million from EUR 163.6 million in the previous year.

General price increases were also reflected in higher procurement costs in all segments at Sixt. However, these were offset by significant revenue increases in the segments Europe and North America.

| Revenue key figures  Sixt Group  Change  in EUR million  2022  2021  in %  Segment Germany  869.8  739.6  17.6  Segment Europe  1,278.0  945.6  35.1  Segment North America  908.2  584.6  55.4  Other  10.2  12.6  -19.5  Consolidated revenue  3,066.2  2,282.4  34.3  Corporate EBITDA  Change  in EUR million  2022  2021  in %  Segment Germany  162.6  176.2  -7.7  Segment Europe  351.6  231.5  51.9  Segment North America  185.8  163.6  13.6  Other  -0.6  1.4  -140.7  Group total  699.4  572.6  22.1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Other segment comprises all activities of the Sixt Group that cannot be allocated to the Mobility business, which do not account for  a  significant  share  of  the  Sixt  Group's  revenue  and earnings and are therefore not reported separately.

<!-- image -->

## 5. APPROPRIATION OF PROFIT

Sixt SE prepares its Annual Financial Statements according to the provisions of the German Commercial Code (HGB) and the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG). For 2022, Sixt SE reports unappropriated profits of EUR 390.5 million (2021: 453.8 million).

Subject to the consent of the Supervisory Board, the Management and Supervisory Board of Sixt SE propose that the Annual General Meeting 2023 distributes unappropriated profits as follows:

- \ \ Payment of a dividend of EUR 4.11 and a special dividend of EUR 2.00 per ordinary share
- \ \ Payment of a dividend of EUR 4.13 and a special dividend of EUR 2.00 per preference share
- \ \ Carry-forward to new account EUR 103.3 million

The dividend proposal would result in a total dividend payment of EUR 287.2 million. The reason for the increased dividend is particularly the pleasing business and earnings development in 2022.

## 6. NET ASSETS

As at the end of 2022, Sixt Group's total assets were with EUR 5.55 billion  EUR  1.03 billion  or  22.8%  above  the  figure  as  at 31 December 2021 (EUR 4.52 billion). The increase in total assets is particularly due to the increase in the rental vehicles item. On the other  hand,  cash  and  bank  balances  declined  significantly.

Non-current assets amounted to EUR 730.7 million (2021: EUR 636.6 million; +14.8%). The largest item is property and equipment  including  the  capitalised  right  of  use  assets,  which  increased  by  EUR  92.3 million  or  17.1%  to  EUR  633.3  million (2021:  EUR 541.0 million).  Goodwill  rose  by  35.1%  to  EUR 24.9 million (2021: EUR 18.4 million) along with the acquisitions made in the United Kingdom. Intangible assets grew by EUR 15.8 million or 56.2% to EUR 44.0 million (2021: EUR 28.2 million). Deferred tax assets decreased from EUR 31.7 million by

60.9%  to  EUR  12.4 million.  Other  receivables  and  assets  increased by EUR 0.4 million to EUR 8.0 million (2021: EUR 7.6 million; +4.6%).

Current  assets  rose  in  total  by  EUR  936.1 million  to  EUR 4.82 billion (2021: EUR 3.88 billion; +24.1%). Rental assets accounted for EUR 3.83 billion, EUR 976.8 million or 34.2% more  than  compared  to  the  figure  as  at  31  December  2021 (EUR 2.86 billion). Thus, the share of rental vehicles in current assets  came  to  79.5%  (2021:  73.5%)  and  in  total  assets  to 69.1% (2021: 63.2%).

Inventories contain mainly rental vehicles taken out of the fleet, petrol stocks as well as raw materials, consumables, and supplies.  With  EUR  50.0 million  they  registered  a  significant  increase by EUR 23.0 million or 84.9% compared to prior year (EUR 27.1 million).

Trade receivables came to EUR 535.9 million, thus EUR 21.1 million or 4.1% slightly above the prior year's figure of EUR 514.8 million.

Current other receivables and assets recorded an increase by EUR 163.6 million to EUR 349.5 million (2021: EUR 186.0 million; +88.0%), particularly due to vehicle infleets at the end of the year. The item contains mainly delivery claims for vehicles, insurance claims and other tax receivables.

Income tax receivables declined from EUR 34.3 million by EUR 9.1 million to EUR 25.2 million (-26.4%).

The Group's cash and bank balances amounted to EUR 26.6 million as at the reporting date after EUR 265.8 million in the previous year (-90.0%) due to optimized cash management.

The SIXT brand name in particular is a significant asset that is not recognised in the balance sheet. The value of this intangible asset can be affected, among other things, by advertising campaigns.  However,  advertising  expenses  cannot  be  unambiguously allocated to this asset. Advertising expenses for financial year 2022 amounted to 5.1% of consolidated revenue (2021: 3.1%).

| Consolidated balance sheet (condensed)  Assets  2022  2021  in EUR million  Non-current assets  Property and equipment 1  633.3  541.0  Miscellaneous  97.3  95.6  Current assets  Rental vehicles 1  3,833.4  2,856.6  Cash and bank balances  26.6  265.8  Miscellaneous  960.6  762.1  Total assets  5,551.3  4,521.2   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 The right of use assets for rental vehicles financed by lease contracts that were previously included in position property and equipment are reported in the position rental vehicles since financial year 2022. The prior year comparative figures have been adjusted accordingly.

## 7. FINANCIAL POSITION

## 7.1 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The financial management of the Sixt Group is largely centralised within the Corporate Finance division and is performed on the  basis  of  internal  guidelines  and  risk  policies  as  well  as  a monthly Group liquidity planning. The key tasks include safeguarding liquidity, cost-oriented, long-term coverage of financing requirements  of  the  consolidated  companies  under  the  going concern assumption as well as managing interest rate and currency  risks.  Operative  liquidity  control  and  the  cash  management are mainly performed centrally for all consolidated companies by the Corporate Finance division of the Group.

For  financing  business  operations,  Sixt  Group  mainly  uses bonds, borrower's note loans, commercial papers, a syndicated revolving credit facility, short-term bilateral credit lines from several  banks,  real  estate  redeemable  loans  and  leasing  agreements.

- \ \ For the issuance of bonds, Sixt SE has at its disposal the Debt Issuance Programme established in 2020 and updated annually with a maximum total volume of EUR 2.50 billion, which allows Sixt SE to place bonds on the capital market at short notice if market opportunities arise.
- \ \ Sixt SE is also an established issuer of borrower's note loans and regularly issues variable and fix borrower's note loans with different maturities.
- \ \ Sixt SE  uses  a  long-established  commercial  paper  programme  with  a  maximum  total  volume  of  EUR  1.0  billion, which allows Sixt SE to place commercial papers if there is investor demand.
- \ \ On 16 September 2022, Sixt SE as borrower and eight banks as  lenders  entered  into  a  new  syndicated  loan  agreement, which replaces the existing syndicated loan with a volume of EUR 750 million. Under the new revolving credit facility, credit drawings are possible in a total volume of up to EUR 950 million. The term of the new revolving credit facility is five years and can be extended twice by one year each, so that the maximum total term is seven years. As usual, extensions are at the discretion of the participating banks. The credit facility can be drawn in various currencies, in particular EUR and USD.
- \ \ In addition to the syndicated loan agreement, short-term credit lines have been granted bilaterally with several banks, mainly in  the  form  of  overdrafts  or  short-term,  uncommitted  credit lines.
- \ \ To finance land and buildings, Sixt Group sometimes uses real estate redeemable loans.
- \ \ To finance the rental fleet, the Group also uses to a large extent leasing agreements with external financial service providers, who are mainly tied to the manufacturer. Leasing financing continues to form an important part of the Group's refinancing  portfolio.  In  some  cases,  vehicles  are  also  rented directly from the manufacturer or made available for use. Furthermore, hire purchase agreements are also used in individual markets.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

- \ \ All bonds, borrower's note loans and commercial papers are unsecured and not subordinated. This also applies to the syndicated loan and, except for the real estate redeemable loans, which  are  secured  by  mortgages,  also  to  the  credit  lines granted bilaterally by banks.

<!-- image -->

## 7.2 EQUITY

<!-- image -->

As at 31 December 2022 the Group's equity amounted to EUR 1.98 billion after EUR 1.75 billion at the same reporting date

The following graphics illustrate the maturities of the financial instruments and the financing mix as at 31 December 2022. The nominal amounts without accrued and future interest and without leasing liabilities of EUR 536.9 million are shown.

## Mix of financing instruments as at 31 December 2022

in %

<!-- image -->

the year before. Equity increased despite of the cash outflow for the  dividend  paid  in  the  reporting  year  for  financial  year  2021 (EUR 174.0 million) in particular as a result of the consolidated profit  generated  and  positive  effects  from  currency  translation. The equity ratio nevertheless decreased due to the significant expansion of total assets to 35.7% (2021: 38.6%). However, it remained significantly above the average for the rental industry, as well as above its own target of at least 20%.

The share capital of Sixt SE as at reporting date remains unchanged at EUR 120.2 million.

## 7.3 LIABILITIES

Non-currrent liabilities and provisions increased year-on-year from EUR 1.64 billion by EUR 66.7 million or 4.1% to EUR 1.70 billion. The change is mainly based on the rise of the deferred tax liabilities by EUR 37.2 million or 263.6% to EUR 51.3 million (2021: EUR 14.1 million). The non-current financial liabilities include the bond 2018/2024 issued by Sixt SE with a nominal value of EUR 250.0 million as  well  as  the  bond  2020/2024  issued by  Sixt SE with a nominal value of EUR 300.0 million. In addition, the item also contains borrower's note loans, bank liabilities and lease liabilities with remaining maturities of more than one year in the total amount of EUR 1.08 billion (2021: EUR 1.05 billion).

Current liabilities and provisions increased year-on-year by EUR 730.2 million  to  EUR  1.87 billion  (2021:  EUR  1.14 billion; +64.1%). Other provisions rose by EUR 16.2 million to EUR 158.7 million (2021: EUR 142.4 million; +11.4%), current financial liabilities by EUR 479.5 million to EUR 878.2 million (2021: EUR 398.7 million; +120.3%), trade payables by EUR 235.2 million to EUR 636.9 million (2021: EUR 401.7 million; +58.5%) as well as income tax liabilities by EUR 21.8 million to EUR 74.4 million (2021: EUR 52.6 million; +41.3%). This was offset, however, by the reduction in other liabilities by EUR 22.5 million to EUR 120.4 million (2021: EUR 142.9 million;-15.8%).

The  non-current  and  current  financial  liabilities  less  cash  and bank balances (Net Financial Debt) amount to EUR 2.48 billion (2021: EUR 1.74 billion).

| Consolidated balance sheet (condensed)  Equity and liabilities  2022  2021  in EUR million  Equity  1,979.4  1,746.2  Non-current liabilities and provisions  Provisions  21.9  19.8  Financial liabilities  1,626.9  1,602.7  Miscellaneous  54.5  14.1  Current liabilities and provisions  Provisions  233.1  195.1  Financial liabilities  878.2  398.7  Miscellaneous  757.3  544.6  Total equity and liabilities  5,551.3  4,521.2   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. LIQUIDITY POSITION

For 2022, Sixt Group reports gross cash flows of EUR 1.04 billion, which  is  EUR  287.9 million  above  the  prior  year  figure  (EUR 753.6 million). Considering the depreciation on rental vehicles results in a gross cash flow before changes in net working capital of  EUR  663.7  million  (2021:  EUR  515.2  million).  Adjusted  for changes in working capital, including the rental vehicles, this results in a cash outflow from operating activities of EUR 201.6 million (2021: cash inflow of EUR 79.1 million). The change compared to the previous year is primarily due to the significant expansion of the rental fleet.

Investing activities resulted in a cash outflow of EUR 57.2 million (2021: cash outflow of EUR 85.1 million). Increased payments for investments in intangible assets and property and equipment as  well  as  payments  for  acquisitions  less  acquired  cash  and cash equivalents were partly offset by cash inflows from deposits (2021: cash outflows).

Financing activities resulted in cash inflow of EUR 17.5 million (2021: cash outflow of EUR 489.3 million), mainly due to lower payments for the redemption of borrower's note loans, bonds and bank loans and higher proceeds from current financial liabilities.

After  changes relating to exchange rates, total cash flows resulted in a year-on-year decrease in cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 2022 of EUR 239.3 million (2021: decrease of EUR 487.5 million)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 9. INVESTMENTS

Sixt responded to the ongoing difficult vehicle procurement situation with a series of measures. In addition to longer vehicle holding  periods,  these  included  countercyclical  procurement  in  the previous year and the holding of vehicles over the turn of the year. As a result, the  desired fleet size  was  achieved  despite  lower investments  compared  with  the  previous  year.  In  2022,  Sixt added around 146,200 vehicles (2021: 167,000 vehicles) with a total  value  of  EUR  4.92 billion  (2021:  EUR  5.12 billion)  to  the rental fleet. This corresponds to a decline by 12.5% in the number of vehicles and a decrease by 4.0% in the value of vehicles. The average value per rental car was around EUR 33,700 and thus significantly above the prior year's level of EUR 30,700.

| Vehicles added to the rental fleet  2022  2021  Number of vehicles  146,200  167,000  Value of vehicles in EUR billion  4.92  5.12   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  addition,  investments  were  made  in  property  and  equipment, especially in operating and office equipment for station openings and conversions, as well as investments in internally developed software and rights of use from leasing agreements.

## B.3 \\  HUMAN RESOURCES REPORT

Our employees are the key to the success of the company. Only through their constant commitment is it possible to remain innovative and competitive. Sixt expects all its employees to act in a responsible and entrepreneurial manner, to constantly improve the  company's  offerings  and  services,  and  thus  to  meet  customer needs for flexible and demand-oriented mobility. For this reason, it is important to Sixt to constantly develop its employees and give them room to expand their personal skills. Therefore, it is the goal of Sixt to develop employees in the long term, to create an attractive working environment and thus to permanently retain its talented workforce.

This  was  particularly  important  in  reporting  year  2022,  as  the continuing economic upturn further intensified the 'battle for talent' that had already begun by the end of 2021. In order to counteract the shortage of skilled workers, Sixt invested heavily in measures to retain and support its employees as well as in a targeted,  comprehensive  recruitment  strategy  in  the  reporting year in order to remain attractive as an employer in the market.

In order to make the personnel processes as effective as possible, Sixt relies on internationally uniform and modern standards and focuses on digital solutions. For this reason, the company invested in new systems to standardise global processes, speed them up, make them more measurable and create synergies.

Despite the economic upswing, 2022 brought a variety of challenges due to the Ukraine war, the energy crisis and rising inflation. At the same time, despite an easing of the situation with the coronavirus,  Sixt  had  to  be  prepared  to  react  to  possible  renewed waves of the pandemic. The EHS department ('Environmental, Health, Safety') therefore remains an important part of the HR department.

## Attractive employer

Various employee benefits and retention measures were established in 2022 in order to counteract the above-mentioned shortage of skilled workers.

## Flexible work environment

This includes giving employees the trust to organise their working hours flexibly - where the job profile permits. A Mobile Work Policy was therefore introduced already in 2021, which allows employees to spend up to 50% of their monthly working time outside the office. This was expanded in the reporting year to include the possibility of working abroad. Since early 2022, employees with German employment contracts have been allowed to work 30 days a year from other European countries, Switzerland, and the UK. Since this was established in January, 7% of the employees have already taken advantage of the offer to work abroad.

## Promoting a strong company culture

At the same time, Sixt is convinced that a direct exchange promotes the effectiveness of the teams and is essential for successful cooperation. For this reason, a hybrid working concept was rolled out as early as 2021, of which team days in the office are an integral part. In order to create optimal conditions for this, among other measures, the corporate headquarters in Pullach was completely  renovated  in  the  reporting  year  and  an  open space concept was introduced. Although the departments still have fixed areas, the workstations within these can be reserved flexibly via a digital booking tool.

Various events are being offered at the global head offices, including monthly after-work parties, cultural festivals, yoga classes and other sports groups, in order to encourage personal exchange, offer employees networking opportunities and thus further strengthen the company culture.

These  events  link  employees  beyond  working  hours  -  and sometimes even across countries: For example, the 'Language Tandem Programme' brings together employees from different countries to support each other in acquiring language skills. Sixt places great importance on promoting diversity and cultural exchange in order to create a respectful and tolerant working environment. The internal diversity network 'DiverSIXTy' is particularly committed to this. Further aspects of employee matters are presented in the Combined Non-Financial Declaration of the Group.

The Sixt value system, which was evaluated and transformed into  concrete  action  and  value  patterns  in  the  reporting  year, serves as the basis for the company culture. The goal was to make the company values understandable and tangible for all employees. Based on this, leadership principles were developed for managers. Further measures are planned for year 2023 to implement  the  values  throughout  the  company  and  to  make them tangible by holding events, training, etc.

## Feedback culture

A living feedback culture is an important component of the value system.  Sixt  places  great  importance  on  actively  involving  its employees in strategic decisions and gathering input from the workforce.  This  is  why  the  SIXTpulse  employee  survey  takes place twice a year, the feedback from which is used to derive important  measures  for  promoting  employee  satisfaction.  In 2022, the survey was conducted in April and November, with an average participation of 64% (2021: 68%) of all global employees.  On  a  positive  note,  the  participation  rate  increased  from 57% in the first half of the year to 71% in the second half. The survey provides information about the employees' intention to continue working for Sixt in the future (Retention Score), their willingness to recommend their work area at Sixt to friends and acquaintances (Recommendation Score) and their satisfaction with their manager (Leader Score). The results from the two surveys in the reporting year indicate a high level of employee satisfaction and show an increase compared to the previous year. On a scale of one to four, the following average results were obtained for the three areas: Retention Score 3.50 (2021: 3.48), Recommendation Score  3.37  (2021:  3.34)  and  Leader  Score 3.60  (2021:  3.59).  Both  the  Retention  Score  and  the  Recommendation Score increased in the November survey compared to  April  (Retention  from  3.44  to  3.56;  Recommendation  from 3.31 to 3.43), which suggests that the measures implemented based on the first survey are already having an effect.

The benefits from the other countries mentioned below are also based on employee feedback from the SIXTpulse survey.

The process of the annual employee appraisal, which is conducted between December and March by the employee and his or her supervisor, was revised in 2022 in order to better address the employee's individual strengths and areas of development and to optimally support him or her. In the future, the new programme 'Perform.Grow.Excite!' will not only provide for a oneoff discussion, but for a continuous exchange between employees and their supervisors. At least three such discussions are mandatory over the course of the year. 'Perform.Grow.Excite!' also provides for employees to be evaluated not only by their supervisor alone, but also by colleagues as part of their further development planning. This supplements the manager's feedback with multidimensional impressions from colleagues.

## Attractive remuneration and benefits

To ensure attractive remuneration, salaries were adjusted in the branch area as well as in the service centres and the headquarters  on  the  basis  of  current  market  analyses.  This  resulted  in both increased basic salaries and higher guaranteed commissions,  which  were  implemented  in  July  and  are  significantly above  the  respective  market  standards.  At  the  same  time,  a framework of rules was introduced by a newly created department. This forms the cornerstone for a sustainable remuneration strategy and philosophy, which is applied in the new Workday HR  management  system  (see  Digitalisation)  and  thus  offers even higher transparency.

In addition, the highest special bonus in the company's history, amounting up to EUR 1,700 per employee, was distributed in 2022: After Sixt was able to celebrate the best half-year result in the company's history, the employees deserved to participate in this success, in which they played a key role. At the same time, this special bonus payment offered employees compensation for the rising energy costs and cost of living due to inflation.

In addition, employees benefit from various benefits that are exclusively  available  to  them.  These  range  from  discount  offers from various partners via the Corporate Benefits Platform and mobility offers (discounted rental cars, leasing offer for employees in Germany) to the yoga lessons, massages (in Austria) or allowances  for  life  insurance  (in  Great  Britain)  already  mentioned. In countries where there is no statutory health insurance (in US and India), Sixt assists with private insurance and offers extended medical support. Many of these offers are aimed at promoting the mental and physical health of employees. For example, a global health week with various on-site and digital offers was held for the first time in the reporting year, which is presented in greater detail in the summarised non-financial Group statement.

## Employee retention and promotion

## Digital continuing education offers

In order to retain employees in the long term, it is important to offer  them  longer  term  development  opportunities  within  the company. The digital platform SIXTgrow was implemented in the winter of 2022 to enable them to learn about prospects on their own. It matches the employee's profile with the requirements of open positions with the company and suggests them to the employee.

In addition, the platform LinkedIn Learning has also been available free of charge to employees at headquarters since the summer of 2022. This offers them a wide range of training courses in various fields of work so that they can continue their education independently. 952 employees are already using this platform.

## Sixt Campus

In addition, employees still have access to the digital learning platform 'Sixt Campus' that offers them internationally standardised further training opportunities to expand both their professional  and  their  personal  skills.  Sixt  Campus  currently  offers 1,358 (2021: 1,100) web-based training courses in different languages, more than 423 (2021: 460) knowledge tests, 323 (2021: 237) digital and face-to-face events and around 68 (2021: 50) training plans that are precisely tailored to the needs.

In  2022,  the  focus  was  increasingly  on  face-to-face  events, which previously could only take place digitally due to the corona pandemic.  Thus,  228  (2021:  102)  classroom  training  courses were held with a total of 948 (2021: 317) employees in 2022. At the same time, digital formats were also continued: 11,540 (2021: 9,668)  employees  participated  in  1,963  (2021:  1,549)  digital training courses.

Employee feedback is also vital in the area of the Sixt Campus in order to constantly improve the offers. This is why a brief survey is an integral part of the respective formats. In 2022, a quality index of 4.69 stars (maximum 5 stars possible) could be given for 20,393 ratings submitted. The design and functionality of the platform were optimised based on the results in the reporting year.

For the first time, a Global Training Summit was held in 2022 with more than 70 trainers and coaches from all Sixt countries to strengthen intercultural project work, implement globally coordinated training measures and establish training and quality standards globally.

## Trainee programme

After the trainee programme was suspended due to the coronavirus, it was resumed in the branch area in all countries as early as 2021 and was expanded considerably in the reporting year. This was quite successful, as a total of 233 trainees were trained to be Branch Managers in the 9-12 month programme. On-thejob training is accompanied by central training, local workshops and regular knowledge reviews. After successfully completing the  programme, the trainees immediately take over their own branch, including budget and personnel responsibility.

Furthermore, an advanced trainee programme has been developed  for  the  branch  area -the  Area  Directors  Programme, which will be implemented in 2023. This programme is intended to accompany managers in their new role as Divisional Director and thus support them in their leadership.

The trainee programme was also revisited and revised in the main administration area in the reporting year. Twelve university graduates started their trainee programme on 1 October 2022 in the areas of Finance, Sales, Mobility Strategy &amp; Projects, Online Marketing  and  Revenue  Management.  In  their  18-month  programme, they will experience the various departments in their area, sit in on work in related areas and get to know the branch business. In addition, they will be given the opportunity to develop personally by receiving training in interdisciplinary topics, an individual development plan and a personal mentor.

## Female Career Tandem

The Sixt Female Career Tandem that is already established was successfully continued in 2022.

The Female Career Tandem is aimed specifically at female employees in order to open up new career prospects for them with the company. The programme is open to female employees at all career levels. They are assigned an experienced mentor from senior management who addresses the employee's individual needs and questions in a direct exchange and accompanies her on her path for a year. The Female Career Tandem was rolled out globally for the first time in 2022 and the pairs were mixed internationally. A total of 115 participants (including 59 mentees and 56 mentors) from ten countries took part in the programme that will run until the summer of 2023.

## Development of managerial staff

It is also important to Sixt that the company culture be lived by managers in particular and be passed on to their employees. A new management curriculum was implemented in 2022 in order to support and prepare the managers. New leaders go through a series of training courses to equip them with all the relevant basics of leadership. In the first quarter of 2023, the leadership curriculum will be supplemented by further training to optimally prepare the managers for the new performance management process and the resulting employee appraisals.

It  is  worth  noting  that  the  assessment  of  managers  in  the SIXTpulse employee survey was consistently positive. On average, employees rated their managers with 3.6 out of 4 points (2021: 3.59).

## Recruitment strategy

The area of personnel recruitment changed at a rapid pace during the year under review and brought a number of challenges with it. As a result of the corona pandemic and current crises and

## HUMAN RESOURCES REPORT

their  effects,  potential  employees  are  generally  uncertain  and less willing to change jobs. At the same time, however, the need for personnel at Sixt increased further, especially in the area of the branches, due to the strong financial year.

In order to meet the seasonal demand for branch staff, especially at the major German airports, additional temporary rental sales agents from other European countries were deployed at the sites.

In  order  to  promote  the  position  of  rental  sales  agents  in  the branches, a campaign was carried out in the social networks and a three-week promotional trip was made through Germany. The so-called 'Open House' offered those interested the opportunity to  visit  the  sites  and  stations  without  registering  to  gain  information about vacant positions and apply directly. In addition, Sixt again took part in various trade fairs and major events, including the Job Fair Berlin, HackaTUM, Future Works Lisbon, the CarConnects trade fair as well as various lectures and guest presentations at universities and hosted several Tech Meetups itself.

To increase the effectiveness of the recruitment department, the role of recruitment coordinator was created in the teams with the highest recruitment volume in Germany. This function focuses on administrative and support activities and thus provides relief for the recruiters.

In addition, investments were made in the digitalisation of the recruitment  processes in  order  to  be  able  to  react  better  and faster to the market (see Digitalisation). In this context, recruitment KPIs were redefined and the evaluations - also for the specialist departments - were adapted accordingly.

As employee referrals can be an important source of recruitment, the 'Refer a Friend' bonus was increased from EUR 2,000 to EUR 3,000 for a period of three months in the branch area in 2022.

In order to be able to expand the search for talent, especially in the TECH area, and to be able to use cost potentials across the Group, a new site was opened in Lisbon in 2022.

In  2022,  an  average  of  104  positions  per  month  were  filled across all target audiences in Germany and 3,573 applications per month were processed.

## Digitalisation

Intensive investments were made in the digitalisation and standardisation of personnel processes in the reporting year and the system landscape was optimised in many areas. Here, it was important to roll out the systems as globally as possible in order to standardise the processes internationally and thus make them measurable and comparable. Germany as home to Sixt's headquarters served as the pilot country, the other corporate countries will follow over time.

On the one hand, Smartrecruiters was implemented as a new applicant management system that maps the entire recruitment process from posting the ad for the position to creation of the contract on a single platform, thus accelerating the processes.

Secondly, the digital assessment programme Aon was piloted for the selection of candidates in the area of trainees and branch managers to provide a scientific basis for making personnel decisions.  With  the  help  of  the  online  assessment,  those  who should be interviewed individually by the recruiters can be identified much more quickly.

In addition, a new travel management system (Egencia) was introduced and the travel guidelines in the Sixt countries were revised in connection with it.

A new internal human resources management system was selected  at  the  end  of  2021,  the  implementation  of  which  was started in the reporting year and the global roll-out of which is planned  for  2023.  It  will  replace  the  previous  internal  system SIXTforce. Workday electronically maps all HR processes from recruitment to contract termination. The human resource planning process will also be much more professional and efficient with Workday.

## Occupational safety and employee health

All necessary safety measures to contain the corona pandemic were continued in the reporting year in accordance with the requirements of the legislator. All employees at the headquarters in Pullach had access to an in-house testing centre that carries out both rapid and PCR tests. In order to be able to support employees on all questions concerning COVID-19, a support service is still available to them around the world. 2,794 inquiries (2021: 706) were received in the reporting year.

Digitalisation was also the focus in the area of employee health: For example, various e-learning programmes were implemented,

including on the topics of occupational safety, fire protection, occupational medicine and driving in company cars. In addition, the documentation of occupational accidents and near accidents was digitalised. These can now be reported via a digital form. This means that comprehensive data is now available for the first time, to identify the most frequent causes of accidents, for example, and - where possible - to remedy them. Implementation has been completed in Germany with other corporate countries to follow in 2023.

In addition, evacuation drills were conducted at all main sites in Germany during  the  reporting  year  to  prepare  employees  for correct behaviour in case of an emergency.

## Number of employees

Sixt  Group  had  an  average  workforce  of  7,509  employees  in 2022 (2021: 6,399).

| Number of employees (average)  2022  2021  Germany  3,023  2,704  Europe  2,768  2,421  North America  1,308  955  Other  410  319  Total  7,509  6,399   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The average number of employees in the segment of Germany in 2022 was 3,023,11.8% more than in the previous year (2021: 2,704).

The average number of employees in the segment of Europe increased from 2,421 in the previous year to 2,768 in 2022, representing a plus of 14.3%.

The  average  number  of  employees  in  the  segment  of  North America increased by 37.0% to 1,308 (2021: 955).

The Other segment had an average of 410 employees (2021: 319).

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## B.4 \\  DISCLOSURES IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTIONS 289A AND 315A HGB

## Composition of subscribed capital, classes of shares

The  subscribed  capital  of  Sixt  SE  as  at  31  December  2022 amounted to EUR 120,174,996.48 and is divided into 30,367,110 ordinary  bearer  shares,  two  ordinary  registered  shares  and 16,576,246 non-voting preference bearer shares.

The company's shares are all no-par value shares with a proportionate amount in the subscribed capital of EUR 2.56 per share. The  share  of  ordinary  shares  in  the  subscribed  capital  as  at 31 December  2022  thus  totalled  EUR  77,739,806.72  and  the share of preference shares EUR 42,435,189.76. The shares are fully paid in.

Only the ordinary shares are entitled to vote. Each ordinary share grants one vote at the Annual General Meeting. Subject to mandatory statutory provisions, the preference shares do not grant voting rights. Insofar as preference shares are nevertheless entitled to voting rights, one preference share shall grant one vote. Preference shares grant a preferential right to profits on the basis of which the holders of preference shares receive a dividend of EUR 0.02 more than the holders of ordinary shares from the unappropriated profit for the year, but a dividend of at least EUR 0.05 per share. Preference shareholders are entitled to subsequent payment of the minimum dividend if the unappropriated profit of one or more financial years is not sufficient to distribute the minimum dividend. Further details can be found in Article 22 of the Articles of Association of Sixt SE.

## Restrictions on voting rights or the transfer of shares

Apart from the exclusion of voting rights for preference shares, there are no restrictions on voting rights under the company's Articles of Association. The transfer of shares is likewise not subject to any restrictions under the company's Articles of Association. The Management Board is  not aware  of  any  agreements  between shareholders aimed at restricting voting rights or the transfer of shares.

## Shareholdings in Sixt SE

Erich Sixt Vermögensverwaltung GmbH, Pullach, district of Munich, whose shares are held directly and indirectly in full by the Sixt family, holds 17,701,822 ordinary voting shares in the company's subscribed capital as at 31 December 2022 that grant 58.3% of the votes. The company has not been notified of any other direct or indirect shareholdings exceeding 10% of the voting  rights  as  at  31  December  2022,  nor  is  the  Management Board aware of any such shareholdings.

## Shares with special rights

Pursuant to Article 10 (1) of the Articles of Association of Sixt SE, the company's Supervisory Board consists of four members. Of these, three members are elected by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with the statutory provisions. Another member is  appointed to the Supervisory Board by the shareholder Mr. Erich Sixt. His heirs are also entitled to the right of delegation, insofar as they are shareholders. Otherwise, there are no shares with special rights conferring powers of control.

## Employee participation and their control rights

The company is not aware of any employee shareholdings in the company's capital in which the employees' rights of control are not exercised directly.

## Appointment and dismissal of members of the Management Board, amendments to the Articles of Association

Sixt  SE  has  a  two-tier  management  and  supervisory  system consisting of a management body (Management Board) and a supervisory body (Supervisory Board). The statutory provisions and conditions of the Articles of Association concerning the appointment and dismissal of members of the Management Board are set out in Article 39 (2) sentence 1 of the SE Regulation, Article 46 of the SE Regulation, Section 16 of the SEAG, Article 9 (1) lit. c) (ii) of the SE Regulation, Sections 84, 85 of the AktG and Article 7 of the Articles of Association. Accordingly, the Management Board shall be comprised of one or more persons. The number of members of the Management Board is determined by the Supervisory Board. Pursuant to Article 7 (2) of the Articles of Association,  the  members of  the  Management Board may be appointed by the Supervisory Board for a maximum period of five years. The Supervisory Board resolves on this by a simple majority  of  the  votes  cast.  Reappointments  are  permissible. Premature dismissal of a member of the Management Board by the Supervisory Board requires good cause in accordance with the statutory provisions.

Amendments to the Articles of Association of Sixt SE are resolved by the Annual General Meeting. Subject to mandatory

statutory provisions, the preference shares have no voting rights. Resolutions of the Annual General Meeting amending the Articles of Association require by law a majority of three quarters of the  share  capital  represented  when  the  resolution  is  adopted (Article 59 (1) SE Regulation, Section 179 (2) 1 AktG).

However, the law also provides for the possibility that the Articles of Association allow for a smaller majority, provided that at least half of the subscribed capital is represented. Nevertheless, this possibility does not apply to changes in the object of the company, the transfer of the registered office of the company to another member state and to cases for which a higher capital majority is mandatory under statutory provisions (Article 59 (2) SE Regulation, Section 51 SEAG).

Sixt SE has made use of the possibility of a deviating regulation of the majority requirements by means of a provision in the Articles of Association that is customary for listed companies. Pursuant to Article 20 (2) of the Articles of Association, amendments to  the  Articles  of  Association  require  a  simple  majority  of  the valid votes cast if at least half of the share capital with voting rights is represented, unless mandatory statutory provisions provide otherwise. In deviation from this, Article 20 (2) 3 of the Articles of Association stipulates that capital increases from company funds may only be resolved by a majority of 90% of the valid votes cast. In accordance with Article 16 of the Articles of Association, amendments to the Articles of Association that only affect  their  wording  can  also  be  adopted  by  the  Supervisory Board instead of the Annual General Meeting.

## Powers of the Management Board, in particular to issue and buy back shares

Authorised Capital 2020: Pursuant to Article 4 (3) of the Articles of  Association, the Management Board is authorised, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, to increase the share capital of the company on one or more occasions up to and including 23 June 2025 by up to a total of EUR 32,640,000.00 by issuing new no-par value bearer shares against cash and/or non-cash contributions (Authorised Capital 2020). The authorisation also includes the power to issue new non-voting preference shares up to the maximum limit legally permitted that rank equally with the non-voting preference shares previously issued in the distribution of profits and/or company assets. The Management Board is authorised, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, to determine the further content of the share rights and the conditions of the share issue. The new shares may, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, also carry dividend rights from the beginning of the financial year preceding their issue if the Annual General Meeting has not yet passed a resolution on the appropriation of profits for that financial year at the time the new shares are issued.

Further details, including the authorisation of the Management Board  to  exclude  shareholders'  subscription  rights  in  certain cases, are set out in the above provision of the Articles of Association.

The authorisation to issue new shares from authorised capital enables  the  Management  Board  to  meet  any  capital  requirements of Sixt SE quickly and flexibly and to take advantage of attractive financing opportunities depending on the market situation.

Conditional Capital 2020: By resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 24 June 2020, the Management Board is authorised, with  the  consent  of  the  Supervisory  Board,  to  issue  bearer and/or registered convertible bonds and/or bonds with warrants with a total nominal value of up to EUR 350,000,000.00 with a fixed  or  unlimited  term  on  one  or  more  occasions  up  to  and including 23 June 2025 and to grant the holders or creditors of bonds conversion or option rights to subscribe to a total of up to EUR  6,000,000  new  no-par  value  bearer  shares  of  Sixt  SE and/or  to  provide  for  corresponding  conversion  rights  for  the company.  The  respective  conversion  or  option  rights  may provide  for  the  subscription  of  ordinary  bearer  shares  and/or non-voting  preference  bearer  shares  in  compliance  with  the statutory requirements. The convertible bonds and/or bonds with warrants may also be issued by a domestic or foreign company in which Sixt SE directly or indirectly holds a majority of the votes and capital. In this case, the Management Board is authorised to assume on behalf of the issuing company on the part of Sixt SE  the  guarantee  for  the  repayment  of  the  bonds  and  the payment  of  the  interest  to  be  paid  thereon  and  to  grant  the holders or creditors of such bonds conversion or option rights to shares of Sixt SE. Convertible bonds and/or bonds with warrants may be issued against cash and/or non-cash contributions. The shareholders of Sixt SE are generally entitled to the statutory subscription right, but the Management Board is authorised, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, to exclude the subscription right under certain conditions.

Further details, including the authorisation of the Management Board  to  exclude  shareholders'  subscription  rights  in  certain cases, are set out in the resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 24 June 2020.

<!-- image -->

In connection with this, the share capital of the company is conditionally increased by resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 24 June 2020 by a total of up to EUR 15,360,000.00 by issuing a  total  of  up  to  6,000,000  new  no-par  value  ordinary  bearer shares and/or no-par value non-voting preference bearer shares (Conditional  Capital  2020).  The  conditional  capital  increase serves the purpose of granting shares to holders or creditors of convertible bonds as well as to holders of option rights from warrant bonds issued by Sixt SE or a domestic or foreign company in which Sixt SE directly or indirectly holds a majority of the votes and capital on the basis of the authorisation pursuant to the resolution of the General Meeting of 24 June 2020 up to and including 23 June 2025. It will only be carried out to the extent that the conversion or option rights from the aforementioned bonds are actually  exercised  or  conversion  obligations  from  such  bonds are fulfilled and to the extent that no other forms of fulfilment are used for servicing. The new shares shall be issued at the option or  conversion  price  to  be  determined  in  accordance  with  the aforementioned authorisation resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 24 June 2020. The new shares shall participate in the profits of the company from the beginning of the financial year in which they are issued; instead, they shall participate in the profits of the company from the beginning of the financial year preceding their issuance if, at the time of the issuance of the new shares, a resolution on the appropriation of the profits of this financial year has not yet been adopted by the Annual General Meeting. The Management Board is authorised to determine the further details of the implementation of the conditional capital increase.

Authorisation to acquire treasury shares: By resolution of the Annual  General  Meeting  of  24  June  2020,  the  Management Board is authorised, pursuant to Section 71 (1) 8 AktG, to acquire the company's own ordinary bearer shares and/or preference  bearer  shares  up  to  and  including  23  June  2025  in  an amount of up to 10% of the company's share capital existing at the time the authorisation is granted or - if lower - at the time the authorisation is exercised. The shares acquired on the basis of the aforementioned authorisation, together with other treasury shares held by the company or attributable to it pursuant to Section 71d AktG, may at no time account for more than 10% of the respective existing share capital.

The authorisation may be exercised, in each case with the consent of the Supervisory Board, in whole or in part, once or several times  by  the  company  or  by  companies  dependent on it or in which it holds a majority interest, or also by third parties acting for the account of the company or for the account of companies dependent on it or in which it holds a majority interest. The authorisation may be exercised for any legally permissible purpose. An acquisition for the purpose of trading in own shares is ruled out. In accordance with the resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 24 June 2020, the company is authorised to also use derivatives to acquire treasury shares.

Further details, including the authorisation of the Management Board  to  exclude  shareholders'  subscription  rights  in  certain cases, are set out in the resolutions of the Annual General Meeting of 24 June 2020.

Information on the acquisition and holdings of treasury  shares can be found in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements under \4.22\ Treasury shares.

Significant agreements of the company that are conditional upon a change of control following a takeover bid In the event of a change of control, including as a result of a takeover bid, creditors of the company shall be entitled to the following rights:

- \ \ The  respective  creditors of  the  bond  2018/2024  (ISIN: DE000A2G9HU0)  issued  by  the  company  in  the  nominal amount of EUR 250,000,000.00 and of the bond 2020/2024 (ISIN: DE000A3H2UX0) issued by the company in the nominal amount of EUR 300,000,000.00 shall be entitled to a termination right exercisable with a notice period of 30 days after the announcement of the change of control (or 30 days after the  next  interest  payment  date,  if  this  would  be  within  the aforementioned  30-day  period).  A  change  of  control is deemed to have occurred under the terms and conditions of the bonds if a person or persons acting in a coordinated manner within the meaning of Section 34 (2) WpHG acquire control of the issuer after the issue date. Control means here direct  or  indirect  legal  or  beneficial  ownership  (in  each  case within the meaning of Section 34 WpHG) of ordinary shares which together grant more than 30% of the voting rights. Person means here any natural person or legal entity or organisation of any kind, but excluding (i) affiliated subsidiaries of the issuer within the meaning of Sections 15 to 18 of the German Stock Corporation Act, (ii) Mr. Erich Sixt, (iii) his relatives in the direct line, (iv) his spouse or the spouses of his relatives in the direct line, (v) a Sixt family foundation and/or (vi) a company or joint venture or other organisation or association controlled  by  the  persons  named  under  (ii)  to  (v)  within  the

meaning of Sections 15 to 18 AktG, irrespective of whether or not it is an independent legal entity.

- \ \ After the expiry of a negotiation period of 20 banking days after the occurrence of the change of control, the creditors of the syndicated loan each individually have the right to terminate their loan commitment by observing a notice period of not less than ten banking days and to call due and payable all their  shares  in  drawings  outstanding  under  the  syndicated loan (mandatory special redemption right). Under the terms of the syndicated loan agreement, a change of control occurs if a person or persons acting in a coordinated manner within the meaning of Section 34 (2) of the German Securities Trading Act (WpHG) acquire control over Sixt SE after the syndicated loan agreement has been concluded. Control means here direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership (each within the meaning of Section 34 WpHG) of ordinary shares which together  grant  more  than  30%  of  the  voting  rights.  Person means here any natural or legal person or organisation of any

kind, but excluding (i) Mr. Erich Sixt, (ii) his relatives in a direct line, (iii) his spouse or the spouses of his relatives in a direct line, (iv) a Sixt family foundation established by one or more persons named under (i) to (iii) or (v) and/or (v) a company or joint venture or other organisation or association controlled by the persons named under (i) to (iv) within the meaning of Sections 15 to 18 of the AktG, irrespective of whether or not it is an independent legal entity.

The rights described above are all creditor rights that are common in the capital market or the credit business.

## Compensation agreements of the company with members of the Management Board or employees in the event of a takeover bid

The company has not entered into any compensation agreements with members of the Management Board or employees in the event of a takeover bid.

## B.5 \\  FORECAST REPORT

## 1. GENERAL ECONOMIC CONDITIONS

According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the global economy will  continue  to  be  burdened  in  2023  by  the  war  in Ukraine and the cost of living crisis caused by persistent inflationary pressure, in particular. The risks are still high, but have decreased compared to the last  forecast  from  October  2022. The increasing central bank interest rates, a key mechanism to fight  against  inflation,  puts  additional  pressure  on  global  economic activity. The IMF therefore expects global growth to slow further next year. The performance of the three largest economies in the world - China, the euro area and the US - are expected to develop differently: According to the IMF, economic growth will slow down in the US and the euro area for the reasons cited above. For China, on the other hand, the IMF expects a revival of the economy by moving away from the zero COVID policy and the related complete reopening of public life. For the full year 2023, the IMF forecasts in its World Economic Outlook from January 2023 that the global economy will grow by 2.9% compared to the previous year.

Rising inflation pressures remain the most immediate threat to current and future prosperity as they depress real incomes and undermine macroeconomic stability. On average in 2022, consumer prices worldwide have increased by 8.8% compared to the previous year, according to the IMF. The experts from the IMF expect inflation to fall to 6.6% in the current financial year 2023 and to 4.3% in 2024.

The IMF forecasts economic growth of 1.4% for the US in 2023 and 0.7% for the euro zone economy. For Germany, the federal government now expects a slight increase in GDP of 0.2% instead of the originally feared slight recession. The IMF expects growth of 0.1% here.

Most recently, the European Central Bank (ECB) expected GDP growth in the euro zone of 0.5% in the current year, after still forecasting a 0.9% rise in September. Growth is expected to remain unchanged at 1.9% in 2024.

## Sources

Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Protection (BMWK), Annual Economic Report of the Federal Government 2023, January 2023

International Monetary Fund (IMF), World Economic Outlook Update from January 2023 European Central Bank (ECB), Eurosystem staff macroeconomic projections for the euro area, December 2022

## 2. SECTOR DEVELOPMENTS

In light of the economic forecasts for 2023, Sixt assumes that the economic conditions for mobility services will remain challenging. Besides the macroeconomic uncertainties, this expectation is particularly linked to uncertainties such as the availability of vehicles and the development of prices. Sixt will monitor macroeconomic and industry-specific developments closely and analyse them thoroughly in 2023.

According to the WTTC, the future prospects for the industry are positive. Despite the difficulties facing the industry, WTTC forecasts point to a strong decade of growth. According to the study, the travel and tourism industry is likely to grow by an average of 5.8% per year between 2022 and 2032, outpacing the growth of the overall economy (2.7% per year). The travel and tourism industry could even return to 2019 levels by the end of 2023.The European Travel Commission (ETC) is somewhat less euphoric. It also presents an encouraging outlook for Europe. In terms of overnight stays, however, it does not expect a return to pre-corona levels until 2025.

The aviation safety organisation Eurocontrol assumes that the number of flights in European airspace will continue to increase, but will also not return to the level of 2019 until 2025. IATA, the global airline trade association, projects that passenger traffic on domestic flights will already reach 95% of 2019 pre-corona levels in 2023, and 80% on international routes, not yet taking the re-opening of China into account.

According to the WTTC, the corona pandemic has changed the way we live, work and travel, and with it the demands, expectations and preferences of travellers. For example, following a period of closure and isolation, travellers preferred less crowded and even unknown destinations. They were also more committed to sustainability during the pandemic, which in turn had an impact on their travel decisions. From increased domestic travel to increased demand for longer stays, fee-free cancellations and improved health and hygiene measures, consumers have made their new preferences clear through bookings, inquiries and surveys, according to the WTTC.

The WTTC also sees global business travel on the road to recovery. After increasing by more than 41% this year, it forecasts

average annual growth of 5.5% over the next ten years, with the Asia-Pacific region growing even faster.

For the mobility industry as a whole, the war in Ukraine on the one hand and the persistently high costs of energy and living costs on the other hand, and consequently a possible weakening of the willingness to spend on travel, represent risks for future business development that are difficult to assess.

## Sources

World Travel &amp; Tourism Council (WTTC), Economic Impact 2022 Report, 6 September 2022 World Travel &amp; Tourism Council (WTTC), press release from 6 September 2022

European  Travel  Commission  (ETC),  European  Tourism  2022:  Trends  &amp;  Prospects Quarterly Report (Q3/2022), November 2022

Aviation Security Organisation Eurocontrol, Performance 2022 - Outlook 2023, December 2022

International Air Transport Association (IATA), Global Outlook for Air Transport, December 2022

## 3. EXPECTED FUTURE DEVELOPMENT

Sixt's business model is characterised by huge growth potential due to dynamically changing mobility behaviour on the one hand and  the  ability  to  react  quickly  to  changing  conditions  on  the other. For instance, in financial year 2022, following the previous years marked by the corona pandemic and despite the burdens caused by the war in Ukraine, Sixt was able to significantly build up its staff and fleet again and take advantage of the positive market environment in terms of demand for rentals and prices. Thanks to the  very solid  financing  and  equity  situation  of  the Group, Sixt was also able to limit the effects of the significant interest rate increases by the central banks and advance its internationalisation and digitalisation strategy through continued high  investments.  One  important  success  factor  for  Sixt  is  its premium focus at all levels, from the range of vehicles to all services. The company is expanding both in the private customer business, with corporate customers and together with partner companies to tap additional growth potential.

## Great  additional  market  potential  thanks  to  fundamental changes in mobility behaviour

According to experts, the mobility of the future will change massively over the next few decades. Sixt is taking this into account with its integrated mobility platform and the advanced digitalisation of all operational business processes. The company thus offers its customers maximum flexibility and freedom to shape their mobility - without having to own a vehicle. The expected increase in urbanisation is changing the individual requirements for the flexibility and availability of a vehicle. The resulting growth potential is reflected in Sixt's broadly diversified product range, which will increase the global market potential that Sixt can address many times over in the decades to come. In order to efficiently exploit this potential, Sixt is focusing primarily on the following growth initiatives, which can also be found in detail in the 'Risk and Opportunity Report' section of this Annual Report:

## Expansion of the range on a fully integrated and digitalised mobility platform

Sixt sees itself as a market and innovation leader for international mobility offerings due to its extensive investments. Thanks to the digitalisation of all business activities via the established mobility platform ONE and the SIXT App, customers can design their  own  mobility  easily  and  flexibly.  This  includes  all  sales channels and business processes. In order to be able to leverage the growth and market share potential, Sixt will continue to consistently drive the further development of its digital services in the future. The focus here will be on the functionality of the applications in terms of their design and user-friendliness. In addition,  Sixt  will  continuously  optimise  the  successfully  established integration of its offerings into the booking processes of its  cooperation  partners  such  as  hotel  chains,  airlines,  travel apps and others.

## Paving the way for sustainability in mobility

The topic of sustainability is also increasingly shaping the company's strategy and growth opportunities. In addition to the focus on climate neutrality of all its locations and stations, Sixt also sees itself as a pioneer and trailblazer of electric mobility. The share of electric vehicles in Europe is set to increase from currently 14% to 70% to 90% by 2030. In addition, the company plans  to  invest  EUR  50  million  in  the  development  of  its  own charging infrastructure.

## Internationalisation remains a key growth driver

The consistent expansion of its market positions both domestically and internationally is the basis for Sixt's success. The significant growth of the international business includes private customers and, to an increasing extent, corporate customers, but also the Van &amp; Truck segment. As in the previous year, the focus in 2023 will be on expanding the US business. The country became the company's largest single market last year, and its market share increased to around 3%. In addition to the expansion of its network at airports, Sixt also plans to establish stations in selected metropolitan areas. Furthermore, Sixt expects to gain additional market share from a nationwide marketing campaign launched at the end of 2022. The market entry in Canada in 2022 also promises additional growth opportunities for the future.

Besides organic growth, Sixt is also constantly examining opportunities for external growth from the international concentration process among car rental companies that has been taking place for years.

The gradual expansion and optimisation of the global franchise network is another focus of activities. Here, Sixt benefits from its cooperation  with  partners  in  around  100  countries  worldwide, who are characterised by a relevant market position and comprehensive knowledge of the industry. This also applies to the collaboration with so-called General Sales Agents (GSAs), especially  for  offering  Sixt  products  through  B2B,  B2C  and  B2P channels.  In  addition,  booking  partnerships  are  being  established with important travel portals and customer service is provided in the local language to generate outbound business in Sixt corporate and franchise countries.

## SIXT rent as the basis for the company's success

SIXT rent remains the foundation of Sixt Group's success. The focus is on tangible added value for customers in terms of flexibility, time savings and convenience of services across all sales channels. These will be continuously developed further in 2023 and expanded by integrating new partners into the mobility platform.  Sixt's  premium  approach  enables  its  customers  worldwide to complete the entire rental process flexibly and easily via the SIXT App, from booking, vehicle use and drop-off to invoice processing.

## SIXT truck to expand its international presence

SIXT truck is also one of Sixt's important future growth drivers. The medium-term goal is to achieve a market-leading position in Europe  in  the  area  of  light  and  medium  commercial  vehicle rental and a relevant market share in the US. Sixt Group sees competitive advantages above all thanks to the high degree of digitalisation, functional synergies with the SIXT rent business, manufacturer independence in its vehicle offerings and adaptability to customer- and segment-specific product and process solutions. The number of Sixt Truck Competence Centres established since 2021 is to be expanded to 50 in the future in order to address the increased needs of demanding business customers more efficiently and to be able to offer the entire range of commercial vehicles up to 14 tonnes as well as special vehicles. The number of stations is to be significantly expanded over the next few years, including in the US. Here, too, the strategic focus is on connecting the business unit to the digital mobility platform ONE.

## SIXT+ benefits from dynamically growing demand

SIXT+, Sixt's subscription offer since 2020, is already making a substantial contribution to revenue and is set to expand this further in view of the strong increase in demand from business and private customers. Accordingly, Sixt will significantly expand the number of subscription vehicle models, with a particular focus on electric mobility, in order to meet the dynamic demand trend in this area in the years to come.

## SIXT share in the focus of sustainable mobility of the future

Modern car sharing will become a major building block for sustainable mobility worldwide in the years and decades to come; this is also confirmed by the researchers at the University of St. Gallen, with whom Sixt works closely. Sixt is therefore driving the networking of vehicles in the fleet for flexible use in both car rental and car sharing. This enables the company to offer car sharing vehicles outside defined business areas to already established as well as new customer segments. The offer of premium vehicles with upscale equipment and, in more and more locations, electric vehicles will be of greater importance. Besides Germany, SIXT share has also been established abroad for the first time since mid-2020 in the Netherlands and will be gradually rolled out internationally.

## SIXT  ride  offers  flexible  transfer  services  together  with high-performance partners

Transfer services will take on greater importance in the future. With SIXT ride, Sixt also offers these simply and flexibly via highperformance mobility partners in the taxi and ride-hailing sector through the mobility platform ONE in the core markets of Germany,  the  US,  the  UK,  France,  Spain,  Italy  and  the  Benelux countries. In addition, private and business customers are offered further pre-bookable transfer services in many different cities worldwide. SIXT ride is also increasingly targeting corporate travel managers, who can use it to professionally purchase taxi and driver services. The service offering also includes the option of receiving all invoices - for business trips, for example - from Sixt in one place and in one format via the app.

## 4. EXPECTED DEVELOPMENT OF THE EARNINGS SITUATION IN 2023

For financial year 2023, Sixt expects to see a good development in the key financial performance indicators of revenue and earnings before taxes.

This confidence is based on the expectation of a further normalisation of public life, a decrease in global restrictions and limitations due to the corona pandemic and no emergence of new virus variants with a significant negative impact on companies in the tourism and mobility industry. Thus, already in 2022 and in the first weeks of 2023, one could see demand approaching the pre-corona level again, but at higher prices compared to 2019. With regard to the war in Ukraine, there are considerable uncertainties regarding the further development of the geopolitical situation and the impact on the global economy, as described in the previous sections. In 2022, Sixt was able to demonstrate its resilience in the face of soaring inflation and rising interest rates around the world.

In order to be able to consistently realise its growth potential, Sixt will continue to improve its operating processes in the reporting year 2023 and continue its international and product-side expansion by making substantial investments in the recruitment of new personnel, the expansion of its vehicle fleet and infrastructure, the further development of its software and in marketing activities.

In view of the very good and established business relationships with the major car manufacturers, especially in the premium segment, and the emerging easing of the global shortage of materials, especially in the semiconductor segment, Sixt is forecasting a noticeable improvement in vehicle availability in the second half of the year at the latest and a corresponding expansion of the fleet for the year as a whole. With regard to the high market price  level  in  previous  years,  a  largely  stable  development  is emerging at the beginning of the new financial year. There is currently no indication of any substantial changes in this regard. However,  Sixt  is  monitoring  the  related  developments  very closely.

Based on these premises and assuming continued expansion of the  international  business  and  in  particular  the  US  activities, substantially rising contributions from the subscription business and expansion in the Van &amp; Truck segment, the Management Board expects a significant increase in consolidated revenue for financial year 2023 compared to the previous year (2022: EUR 3.07 billion).

Sixt expects earnings before taxes for the Group in a range of EUR 430 million to EUR 550 million. The upper end of this rage is thus on course for the year 2022 and the lower end is clearly above the pre-corona level. Furthermore, the forecast is based on demand returning to pre-corona levels, as seen in 2022 and the first weeks of 2023, but at higher prices.

## Substantial medium and long-term growth potentials

Sixt is also optimistic that it will continue to grow profitably in the financial years after 2023 under the premises of a fundamentally positive  economic  development,  easing  inflationary  pressure and no worsening of the geopolitical risks. The key factors here are  major  growth  opportunities  along  the  diversified  business model through continued international growth in the most important core regions of the world, the sustainable expansion in the Sixt Van &amp; Truck business, the great potential in the SIXT+ subscription offer and the additional growth opportunities along the value chain.

## B.6 \\  REPORT ON RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

## 1. INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (INCLUDING DISCLOSURES IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTIONS 289 (4) AND 315 (4) HGB)

Sixt SE has installed an internal control and risk management system to identify and actively cope with all developments that could lead to significant losses or endanger the existence of the company or the Group at an early stage. Sixt's risk management system covers all activities for the systematic handling of risks in the company, starting with risk identification and documentation, analysis and assessment up to monitoring and managing of material risks, coordinating and maintaining the internal control mechanisms and countermeasures as well as the continuous monitoring of risk exposure. This systematic way of managing risks is defined by a process into which all relevant Group divisions are firmly integrated. Active management of relevant risks is ensured by decentrally defined risk owners as well as through the coordination of the risk management measures and monitoring of these measures by central functions. Opportunity management is not part of the risk management system. The internal control and risk management systems cover all relevant business processes, including the accounting process.

Sixt Group has detailed planning, reporting, early warning and internal control systems in place, both centrally and decentrally, in the respective functional areas right down to the level of the individual rental stations, that have been tried and tested in practice over many years. They map the risk management system in its entirety and are constantly optimised. The Group units Controlling  as  well  as  Governance,  Risk  Management  &amp;  Controls (GRC) are responsible for central risk management and report directly to the Chief Financial Officer. Internal Auditing monitors the efficiency of the risk management system and also reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer and informs the Co-CEOs regularly.

The Group's business units and functional divisions determine the decision makers, communication and reporting paths, structures and risk owners involved in the risk management process. The risk owners at the level of the decentralised risk management organisations are equipped with adequate early-detection systems tailored to their areas, as well as analysis and reporting tools and monitoring systems. They are also responsible for implementing  and  executing  appropriate  controls  and  countermeasures.

All risks identified decentrally and the measures defined by the risk owners are also assessed at least once a year at the level of  the  central  risk  management organisation  according  to  defined key parameters and condensed appropriately. The risk exposure determined in this way is reported to the Management Board and Supervisory Board to thus enable appropriate balancing of the risk situation and the earnings power and substance of the company (risk-bearing capacity analysis). The implementation of agreed mitigation measures is monitored by carrying out the appropriate tests and audits by the internal controls and internal audit functions.

The accounting process within the Group and the company includes organisational provisions and technical requirements to manage risks and propriety associated with accounting. Key elements here are the clear and appropriate separation of functions with regard to the Management Board and leadership responsibilities including management control processes, formalised  delegation  of  key  responsibilities,  the  central  accounting and reporting organisation for all consolidated companies, the technical stipulations in the form of guidelines, working instructions, manuals, process descriptions and Group guidelines, the guarantee of controls in accordance with the dual control principle, the implementation of quality assurance processes and control  tests,  effectiveness  tests  by  internal  auditing  and  external audit procedures and consulting, system-based security measures, manual control measures and regular comparisons with planning and controlling processes taking the form of target to actual comparisons and analyses of deviations. The GRC department continuously monitors the adequacy and effective implementation of the main measures through regular walkthroughs and tests. To guarantee the security of the data, the  accounting-related  systems  have  access  restrictions  and functional  access  rules.  Employees  receive  appropriate  information and training on data protection rules and regulations as well as information security. In addition, general behavioural provisions for employees relating to compliance or to financial matters are part of the regulations of Sixt's internal Code of Conduct.

The Supervisory Board examines the Annual Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements together with the Combined Management Report as well as the Dependent Company  Report  and  discusses  these  with  the  Management Board and the auditor.

## 2. IDENTIFICATION AND ASSESSMENT OF RISKS

Besides considering the risks in the installed planning, reporting, early warning and internal control systems, the organisational unit's  risk  owners  record  all  business-relevant  and  significant risks within the entire Group during the software-based risk inventory, which is conducted by the GRC department on a regular basis. The assessments of the defined risk owners and other relevant  information  are  then  collected,  analysed,  condensed and interdependencies are identified. The installed risk management system at Sixt thus records all relevant individual risks and their dependencies. Any significant changes in the risk assessment and major new risks are communicated immediately to the Management Board of Sixt SE.

The probability of occurrence of an individual risk is estimated at various levels ranging from 'highly improbable' (risk expected to occur once in significantly more than 50 years) to 'highly probable' (risk expected to occur in up to and including 1 year) and the  potential  damage  is  also  monetarily  assessed  in  damage categories (from insignificant to significant). Both the basic recording of risks and their evaluation are initially carried out before countermeasures are taken (gross) and, taking the mitigation measures that have been put in place into account, are then converted into a net assessment. The individual risks recorded decentrally in this manner are reviewed centrally by the GRC department at Group level, condensed into a risk inventory and classified  into  risk  groups  based  on  defined  criteria,  such  as probability of occurrence, and placed in a risk map. In addition, the GRC department monitors the Group's risk-bearing capacity, as well as the effectiveness and adequacy of the established countermeasures.  The  risk  portfolio  determined  on  this  basis and the Risk Report based on it are part of the reporting to the Management Board and Supervisory Board of Sixt SE.

## 3. RISK SITUATION

As a company that operates internationally, Sixt is exposed to a variety of different risks, which can have material effects on the Group's  asset,  financial  and  earnings  position.  The  following provides an aggregate overview of the relevant risk factors. The structure of the risk categories outlined follows the categorisation in the reporting of the central risk management system.

The risk situation of the Sixt Group at the end of financial year 2022 is characterised in particular by macroeconomic uncertainties in the core markets. These result on the one hand from the direct and indirect effects of inflation. On the other hand, the economic effects of geopolitical developments, especially the war in Ukraine, are difficult to foresee. The direct risks associated with the corona pandemic appear to have decreased significantly at the time of reporting. Nevertheless, it cannot be completely ruled out that the occurrence of new virus variants or regionally limited waves of infection and any resulting travel restrictions, disruptions to supply chains or political measures could have a negative  impact  on  Sixt's  earnings  and  business operations  in the short term, both on the demand side and operationally. Overall, however, Sixt assumes that the effects will be temporary, and that demand will stabilise in 2023.

## 3.1 GENERAL EXTERNAL RISKS (ECONOMIC, SOCIAL, REGULATORY AND ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS)

Sixt Group offers private and corporate customers various international mobility services. Besides the business activities in Europe,  business  activities  in  North  America  are  of  great  importance as part of Sixt's increasing internationalisation.

The development of the business is dependent to a high degree on the general economic environment in these markets, as this has a major effect on the investment inclination and spending propensity of customers and, in turn, on the demand for mobility services. The strong increase in inflation rates in the core markets in 2022 is particularly relevant here. In addition to restraint in spending on the customer side, this can lead to higher general procurement costs.  There  is  a  risk  that  these  cannot  be  fully compensated for by increasing the company's own prices.

During phases of economic weakness, demand for mobility services can decline due to cost-saving measures on behalf of companies and private households. In addition, higher default risks (for example, counterparty risks, industry risks and counterparty default risks) can generally be expected in such phases. A weakening of the general economy can therefore have negative consequences for demand and the profitability of the services offered. In order to enable a rapid adjustment to economic conditions, Sixt relies on a structure of operating expenses that is as variable as possible. Sixt estimates 73% (2021: 73%) of its operating expenses as variable and 27% (2021: 27%) as fixed. Fleet expenses are considered fully variable, as they are directly related to the size of the fleet and can be adjusted at short notice, considering the length of the vehicle holding period. Depreciation on rental vehicles is also classified as variable in the same way. The degree of variability of personnel

expenses is based on an assessment of the cost responsiveness of the individual functional areas.  Other operating expenses  show  different  cost  sensitivities.  While  fleet-related expenses, commissions and impairments of receivables are considered variable due to their dependence on the size of the fleet and revenue development, expenses such as buildings, IT and communication expenses are classified as fixed expense  items.  In  addition,  there  are  expense  groups  with mixed cost character (e.g., miscellaneous other expenses and sales and marketing expenses).

Sixt also depends on developments in the areas of tourism and personal transport. In turn, developments in the latter are dependent on a variety of factors that Sixt Group cannot influence. These include, for example, the consequences of political decisions, the expansion of the public transport infrastructure, improvements in traffic flow and the coordination of the combined use of various transport modes. Currently, the downstream effects of the corona pandemic on demand behaviour still cannot be validated. A permanent partial substitution of business travel in order to hold face-to-face meetings by other virtual forms of communication cannot be ruled out.

Legal requirements relating to environmental protection, which are growing in importance in the European Union in particular, but also in other regions of the world, could, if combined with widespread public debate, also bring about changes in mobility behaviour. This could generally have both positive and negative effects on demand for the mobility services offered by Sixt.

So-called  sustainability  risks  (ESG)  are  also  gaining  in  importance, depending on the market. The demand for Sixt's products could be negatively affected in connection with increasing legislative  requirements or on the demand side. On the other hand, direct inbound and outbound effects, e.g. of climate developments, must also be taken into account. For example, the increasing number of storms, floods etc. could also have a temporary and locally limited direct impact on demand and business operations due to the damage in vehicles or the outage of rental stations. Sixt has established targeted measures to counteract these risks as far as possible and to fully implement ESG requirements. The implementation of these sustainability strategies itself also involves a high initial investment, in the rollout of a suitable charging infrastructure, for example. At the same time, alternative mobility solutions to traditional rental products, which are being promoted and brought to market maturity in the startup  environment  in  particular,  but  also  by  established  car manufacturers' own business units, could have a lasting impact on demand. Sixt therefore strives to identify trends at an early stage  and  to  become  active  itself  with  innovative  products  in promising market fields.

To take account of the rapidly changing market conditions and customer demands, Sixt develops new product ideas and business models, whose market launch and penetration, also at an international level, may require high up-front investments. Relevant  market  analyses  and  plans  cannot  guarantee  that  these products will meet with the expected acceptance and demand. This  could  negatively  impact  the  Group's  asset,  financial  and earnings position.

In addition, national and international developments such as political upheavals and revolutions, armed conflicts, as is currently the case in Ukraine, acts of terrorism, environmental disasters or even epidemics and pandemics could lead to a massive impairment of private and business travel and thus have a negative impact on the Group's business. Since the occurrence and effects of such events are difficult or even impossible to predict, consistently  reliable  forecasts  regarding  the  development  and demand for travel can only, if at all, be made to a very limited extent, even over the short term.

Sixt's business activities are also affected by specific tax or regulatory frameworks. These include the taxation of company cars, which has been the subject of political discussions for years. The taxation of fuels, emission-based vehicle taxes or measures up to and including a possible complete ban on the registration of combustion engines could also have a material effect on customer demand behaviour. Sixt is also exposed to developments stemming from discussions on compliance with emission limits, climate protection measures, taxonomy requirements and local driving bans.

## 3.2 SPECIFIC RISKS OF THE MOBILITY INDUSTRY

The mobility industry continues to be dominated by intense predatory competition, both nationally and internationally. The trend in demand - mainly among corporate customers - towards large, mostly international vendors, continues. Due to its high share of corporate customers, it is extremely important for Sixt to provide its customers with a global rental infrastructure that is available particularly in areas with a high volume of traffic, such as airports and train stations, in the same highest quality possible. Intense competition also creates the risk that individual market

participants attempt to gain market share in the short term by consciously implementing an aggressive pricing policy, in some cases even accepting operating losses.

A few competitors have initiated restructuring measures in connection with the effects of the coronavirus pandemic that are potentially capable of further increasing the intensity of competition.

General developments in the automotive industry are important to Sixt due to their effects on terms and conditions for purchasing vehicles and remarketing them. Sixt is highly dependent on the  supply  of  popular  vehicle  models,  to  be  able  to  purchase them on competitive terms and - for reasons of pricing certainty and the reduction of residual value risks - on buy-back agreements with manufacturers and dealers. These external factors influence both the purchase prices of vehicles and the revenue that can be generated when the vehicles are sold back.

By remaining vendor-neutral, Sixt can diversify risks when purchasing vehicles. The Group is usually in a position to select marketable models from a large number of manufacturers and dealers and to negotiate favourable conditions. The company tries to distribute the purchase quantities among several suppliers and to adjust the vehicle deliveries to the demand planning during the year. Flexible agreements with vehicle manufacturers and dealers enable the company to stagger vehicle orders over a period of time to a certain extent to meet the actual demand. This is especially important in times of great economic uncertainty and downturns, as well as in phases of increased demand, when the requirements for mobility services are even more difficult  to  predict.  Further  aggravation  of  disruptions  to  supply chains in international goods traffic or delays in vehicle deliveries, such as those recently observed in the course of the semiconductor crisis and in connection with the war in Ukraine, however, can lead to the fact that a further increase in demand for mobility products can only be met to a limited extent in the short term or that vehicles can only be purchased at significantly less favourable conditions.

Furthermore,  Sixt's  international  expansion  changes  its  purchasing  necessities.  The  company  relies  on  having  a  broad The  combination  of  high  economic  capacity  utilisation  of  the rental fleet and simultaneous availability of vehicles is of great importance to the Group's success. Availability not only relates to the absolute size of the rental fleet, but also to individual vehicle classes and models that meet customer wishes. Declining demand can result  in  a  lower-than-expected  utilisation  of  the supplier base in all corporate countries, whereby some vehicle fleets need to be tailored to specific regional needs. If Sixt would no longer be able to add a sufficient number of vehicles to the rental fleet to meet the respective demand or to offer enough vehicles with features that reflect the Group's premium orientation, this could adversely affect its revenue and earnings development.  This  would  apply  to  an  even  greater  extent  if  the Group's operating business were to expand dynamically, boosting demand for vehicles. In addition to any current supply bottlenecks at car manufacturers, such a bottleneck would also be conceivable in the event of adjustments to the sales strategies of car manufacturers or as a result of changes in customs law or other protectionist measures or, at least locally, due to registration restrictions.

Sixt is keeping a very close eye on the debate regarding emissions, local driving bans and fleet requirements. Thus, it is likely that  requirements relating to the equipment of the rental fleet with low-emission or zero-emission drives will change. As a result, logistics and infrastructure must also be adapted accordingly, by expanding charging capacities at stations, for example. In the short term, supply bottlenecks for relevant vehicle models cannot be ruled out. In addition, the purchasing conditions for vehicles can be influenced directly or indirectly by government measures such as tax incentives or penalties depending on the emission level and pollutant emissions. However, the company believes that it is in a position to adequately adjust the fleet mix. The  short  holding  periods  of  the  vehicles  represents  an  important element of the business model. In the case of passenger cars, these are usually around six months and they were well below 12 months again in 2022, despite contract extensions. In addition, a significant expansion of the share of electrified vehicles is being actively pursued as part of the defined sustainability strategy.

Besides the general economic conditions, demand in the vehicle rental and car sharing business is also dependent on many external, unforeseeable random influences such as weather conditions  or  short-term  changes  in  customers'  mobility  requirements and therefore difficult to forecast.

The  combination  of  high  economic  capacity  utilisation  of  the rental fleet and simultaneous availability of vehicles is of great importance to the Group's success. Availability not only relates to the absolute size of the rental fleet, but also to individual vehicle classes and models that meet customer wishes. Declining demand can result  in  a  lower-than-expected  utilisation  of  the

<!-- image -->

rental fleet that is provided up-front, which in turn can affect the profitability  of  rental  products  adversely.  This  makes  it  all  the more important to have sophisticated, reliable, error-free instruments that have been tested in practice for efficient and flexible fleet management and pricing. Sixt's internal yield management system, a sophisticated IT system that has been constantly developed further over the years and is tailored to the various requirements of the rental business, enables the company to align its purchasing activities with demand and to manage the availability of vehicles at the individual rental stations. The yield management system is constantly optimised based on the volume of historic data generated from the rental activities that has constantly grown over the years. Systematic fleet and supply management achieves the highest possible level of fleet utilisation while  at  the  same  time  maintaining  a  sufficient  price  level. Through the increasing integration of car sharing and traditional rentals,  Sixt  will  be  able  to  further  optimise  the  profit-oriented management of its fleet in the future.

Sixt  is  also  highly  dependent  on  the  development  of  national markets for used vehicles. The changes on the used car markets, especially in Germany and the US, are important for the prices Sixt generates from selling rental vehicles on the used car market. The selling takes place through its own stationary dealerships (Sixt Car Sales) or auction platforms and used car dealers. In Germany, the average vehicle price was stable in the course of the year 2022, but high due to the supply shortages. However, in the USA following a strong increase in prices since 2021, a decline in average vehicle prices was observed from the second half of 2022. Negative effects cannot be ruled out if the market situation deteriorates.

To mitigate the risks involved in the sale of vehicles, Sixt strives to cover the marketing of rental vehicles in line with the opportunities available on the market as far as possible by concluding buy-back  agreements  with  manufacturers  or  dealers.  This means that buy-back conditions for these vehicles are already fixed at the time of purchase. The company therefore has a more reliable basis for calculating the development of its fleet costs and the liquidity planning. By reducing the resale risk, Sixt is to a large extent independent of the situation on the used car markets.  However,  market-specific  aspects,  especially  in  the  US high-growth market,  and a possibly necessary adjustment of the purchasing strategy due to supply bottlenecks could lead to repurchase agreements not being enforceable to the desired extent. This is particularly true for the US growth market, where buy-back agreements are less common than in Europe. Around

72% of all vehicles added to the rental fleet in the financial year were secured by means of buy-back agreements in the case of purchased vehicles or under operating lease agreements. At the end of the year, the balance sheet value of the vehicles without buy-back  agreement  was  EUR  1.8  billion.  Sixt  continuously monitors the development of market values by a Residual Value Committee.

In this context, however, it cannot be completely ruled out that contractual partners may not be able to comply with the buyback agreements and that Sixt is thus forced to market the vehicles itself. In this connection, as for all freely marketed vehicles, there is a risk that Sixt could generate lower incomes than expected due to economic risks or a possible deterioration of the used car markets.

For this reason, Sixt regularly assesses the creditworthiness of its contractual partners on the basis of strict standards. This is especially important when the automobile trading markets are tense, so that the risk of contractual partners not meeting their buy-back agreements can be detected early on and to provide for  the  risk  appropriately.  In  the  case  of  a  contractual  partner defaulting, Sixt would be obliged to market the vehicles on the used car market at its own economic risk.

## 3.3 FINANCIAL RISKS

The operating business, especially the rental assets, is financed mainly through bonds, borrower's note loans, a syndicated loan, short-term financing facilities from several banks, short-term debentures (so-called commercial papers) and, especially for vehicles,  by  concluding  leasing  contracts.  Sixt  has  maintained close business relationships with many different banks for many years. Sixt Group continues to have a broad and solid financing structure  with  an  adequate  financing  framework.  The  Group's credit lines are used as required and were only partially utilised in the reporting year.

Sixt Group is exposed to various financing risks. These include interest rate risks and exchange rate risks, which can be limited to  a  certain  extent  by  using  derivative  financial  instruments, among other means.

Due to the changes in the credit industry that continue to be seen, as a result of increasing capital requirements in the lending business or changed risk weightings, for example, the financing behaviour  of  banks  could  change  permanently.  Sixt  Group  is

exposed to the risk of not being able to obtain financing from banks or other creditors (e.g., by placing borrower's note loans, bonds or short-term commercial papers) at commercially reasonable terms or at all considering the current or future market uncertainties. It could become more expensive, more difficult or even impossible for Sixt Group to enter into financing arrangements (including those mentioned above), depending on, among other  factors,  general  market  conditions  and  the  assessment and evaluation of the creditworthiness of Sixt SE and its subsidiaries. The same applies to the receptiveness and willingness of the capital markets, which can be temporarily or permanently restricted, perhaps only in sub-segments, as was the case for large parts of the bond market for unrated companies, such as Sixt SE, in the reporting year, for example. In addition, the market uncertainties observed in March 2023 as a result of or also triggered by the rescue of some US banks, including Silicon Valley  Bank  and  First  Republic  Bank,  as  well  as  Credit  Suisse, could have a significant adverse effect on the financing possibilities of the Sixt Group. This increases the risk described above for  the  Sixt  Group  of  not  being  able  to  obtain  financing  from banks or other creditors on commercially reasonable terms or at all. This applies in particular if, as a result of these market uncertainties, existing credit lines that have not been firmly committed (uncommitted lines) would be cancelled or not granted by lenders.

The interest  rate  increases  that began  worldwide  in  2022  will lead  to  significantly  higher  interest  charges  for  financing  with variable interest rates, and new and follow-up financing will become significantly more expensive. This will lead to a significant increase in the interest burden.

Since banks depend on the market situation and have no choice but to accept increased risk premiums when they refinance their own activities, it cannot be ruled out that these higher premiums will be passed on to customers who take out loans. Moreover, the increasingly tighter legal regulations, which financial institutes  must  comply  with  when  granting  loans,  require  that they  underlay  these  with  more  equity.  This  could  lead  to  an increase in Sixt Group's financing costs.

The vast majority of trade receivables and payables are due in local currency in the country that the respective Group company is based in. As a result, Sixt Group is able to neutralise the exchange rate risk in part by using natural hedges. However, the Group's  external  financing  is  mainly  in  euros,  therefore  exchange rate risks arise primarily from receivables and liabilities for the financing of subsidiaries in non-euro countries. Currency swaps or other currency derivatives are used in particular to limit these exchange rate risks within the Group. The Group does not hedge equity positions against exchange rate risks.

Sixt is subject to counterparty default risk in the corporate customer segment and, to a limited extent for some products, also in the private customer segment. This occurs if invoice customers are unable to meet their payment obligations or credit card payments are not received. Insofar as customers are provided with  a  rental  contingent  on  account,  their  creditworthiness  is checked and monitored on the basis of internal guidelines. Furthermore, when investing bank balances, Sixt is subject to the respective counterparty risk of the account-holding bank or the counterparty of the investment transaction.

Overall, it can be expected that insolvency rates will increase in 2023 in view of inflation induced by energy price increases, especially  in  energy-intensive  industries,  and  thus  customers, business partners and value chains could be affected. As this could also affect the receivables portfolio, Sixt continues to monitor the associated risks very closely.

## 3.4 INVESTMENT RISKS AND TRADEMARK RIGHTS

Due to its shareholdings in various subsidiaries, Sixt SE is subject to investment risk in Germany and abroad.

Allane SE (formerly: Sixt Leasing SE) was granted the use of trademark rights for a limited period of time as part of the sale to Hyundai Capital Bank Europe GmbH. There is a potential risk that the customer or supplier perception of the Sixt brand could be influenced by disadvantageous communication without the direct influence of Sixt Group.

## 3.5 STRATEGIC RISKS

Sixt  intends  to  continuously  increase both its revenue and its market share through expansion, particularly in the US and in important  Western  European  countries.  This  goal  is  to  be achieved  primarily  through  organic  growth.  Moderate  acquisitions cannot be ruled out, especially to achieve growth abroad, however.

All potential acquisition candidates must meet very strict criteria with  regard  to  their  earnings  situation,  their  risk  profile,  the

<!-- image -->

quality  of  their  management,  their  company  culture  and  their compatibility with Sixt's business model and premium strategy.

Such transactions or market entries are associated with greater uncertainties due to the necessary investments, marketing and sales expenses, but also due to deviating constellations on procurement and sales markets. Despite the potential analyses carried out, it cannot be completely ruled out that such transactions could result in misjudgements that could have a negative impact on the Group's asset, financial and earnings position.

The internationalisation strategy also involves various risks, including market-specific, political, legal, fraud, financial and personnel risks. These include possible misjudgements of the market conditions in the respective countries, changes to national legal or tax frameworks, the costs of building up an efficient business organisation and the need to find qualified management personnel and employees. In addition, there are the usual transaction-related risks in the case  of acquisitions. The establishment and expansion of foreign activities can lead to a deterioration in the Group's asset, financial and earnings position. The failure or delay of foreign expansion could also have a negative impact on existing customer relationships, as business and corporate customers are increasingly demanding mobility services with an international scope.

Sixt has a nearly global network of franchisees. Customers are also referred to Sixt corporate countries via this network. As a franchisor, Sixt maintains intensive, generally long-standing and trusting relationships with its franchisees. Nevertheless, it cannot be ruled out that the termination of such contractual relationships would temporarily or permanently change the geographical coverage of the Sixt range in a particular region and limit the attractiveness of the offering for customers. There is also a risk that customer or supplier perceptions of the Sixt brand could be influenced by adverse communications without direct influence from the Sixt Group.

## 3.6 OPERATIONAL RISKS

Operational risks are understood as the risk of a loss caused by human behaviour, individual mistakes, technological failure, inappropriate or faulty processes, or external occurrences, for instance. Such a definition of operational risks involves regulatory, legal and tax-related risks. In addition to direct financial damage, this could also result in the loss of customers due to a negative perception.

Despite a return to a more normal situation, the coronavirus pandemic poses risks for the operation of the station network and for central functions. It still cannot be completely ruled out that local or national sites will have to be closed at least temporarily due to the infection or to political decisions.

Complex,  high-performance  IT  systems  are  crucial  for  processing rental transactions. Hardware and software-related system malfunctions and failures can considerably affect operating processes and, in serious cases, even bring them to a standstill. When implementing new, replacement or supplementary software,  the  high  complexity  of  the  IT  systems  places  high  demands on compatibility to existing systems so as to guarantee smooth continuation of the operating business. At the same time, Sixt is carrying out a number of strategic projects in the area of software development, the failure of which could have an impact on the Group's business operations or earnings. Besides these internal operational risks, there is also the risk of targeted external attacks on Sixt's IT infrastructure and the company's inventory  of  data  (ransomware,  hacking,  DDoS  attacks,  etc.).  To counter these risks, Sixt commissions its own IT department with carrying out ongoing monitoring, servicing and further developments, and with protecting the availability of all of the Group's IT systems and data. In addition to the failure of systems, the leakage of sensitive data, in particular personal information, could have a negative impact on the Sixt brand and thus on demand, as well as result in possible fines.

As in the past, Sixt Group intends to continue investing in Internet-based  as  well  as  mobile  services  for  smartphones,  tablet PCs and other devices as a sales and communications channel for its mobility products and as a basis for further business models. A number of risks associated with this (e.g., uncertainty regarding the protection of intellectual property or registered domains,  possible  violation  of  data  protection,  dependence  on technological conditions, system failures, viruses, spyware, etc.), could affect the use of the Internet or mobile services as independent and cost-effective sales and communications channels.

However, general usage of such systems is constantly increasing  and  thereby  fundamentally  changes  consumer  behaviour. Accordingly, it should be noted that customer use of such offerings and products from Sixt Group has been continually increasing for  years.  Against the backdrop of media convergence, in particular, i.e. the convergence of different technical devices and services and the ever-increasing presence of online services in

everyday life, one may safely assume that the utilisation of such offers is set to continue in future.

As Sixt continues its efforts to further expand its position as an innovative mobility service provider, more and more established business processes will gradually be digitalised and automated. This technological development generally entails increased risks, such as temporary system failures or increased external attacks.

Sixt has therefore implemented an information security function, which together with the operating IT departments, is tasked with ensuring the protection and security of the technological platforms and Internet-based sales channels.

The rental business also involves risks of loss and the resulting financial losses, e.g. due to the destruction of assets and vehicles as a result of accidents or disasters. This also includes the theft  or  misappropriation  of  vehicles.  This  risk  could  increase due to the expansion and development of new markets. In addition, the increase in theft, which is partially covered by insurance policies, could lead to an increase in insurance premiums. If Sixt were unable to take appropriate technological or organisational preventive measures in the future, this could have an adverse effect on its asset, financial and earnings position.

In addition to the risk of vehicle theft, every business operation is subject to internal and external fraud risks that could cause damage to the company. These include so-called presidential fraud attempts. Sixt has implemented a number of functions and mitigating mechanisms for this purpose, but cannot completely exclude fraudulent transactions.

Some of the vehicles in Sixt Group's fleet are subject to manufacturer recalls. In particular, if a large number of vehicles were to be affected at the same time, this could lead to a limitation or inefficiency of Sixt Group's fleet and, as a result, to adverse effects  on  Sixt  Group's  earnings.  The company could also face liability claims if it is unable to implement such recalls.

Sixt's activities involve entering into many different contractual agreements. This is only possible by using standardised agreements that must be matched to the operational processing systems accordingly. Consequently, even minor inaccuracies in the wording or changes in the legal framework could have a material effect  on  its  business  activities.  Sixt  counteracts  the  resulting risks via contract management by also involving legal experts and using various system controls.

Sixt Group also relies on intellectual property rights to protect its business activities. Preserving these rights at both the national and the international level is one important precondition to remaining competitive.

The  personal  know-how  and  skills  of  the  Group's  employees constitute an important success factor. Particularly in times of expanding business operations and the associated recruitment of new staff, Sixt depends on having a sufficient number of qualified and motivated employees who are able to perform the required work to the required quantitative and qualitative standard. Due to the shortage of skilled labour in certain markets and for individual areas of activity, which manifested itself in connection with the corona crisis, there is a risk that the service quality in the car rental business or the effectiveness of operational or administrative processes could be impaired. The same applies in the event that there is also increased fluctuation and thus a loss of know-how. Sixt guards against these risks through increased involvement in training and professional development by firmly establishing  staff  development  as  part  of  its  company  culture and by offering incentive systems.

Strategic partnerships and cooperative ties with airlines, hotel chains, booking portals and other key players in the mobility and tourism industry represent an important factor in Sixt Group's success. The contracts with these partners often contain short notice periods and are - with a few exceptions - non-exclusive. However, many of these partnerships have existed for several years  and  are  characterized  by  the  desire  for  long-term  and trusting cooperation. In addition, Sixt is constantly expanding its network  with  partners  from  different  sectors.  Nevertheless,  it cannot be ruled out that existing cooperative ties will be terminated or cannot be expanded due to changes in market conditions or to the partners' marketing or business strategies. In addition,  there  is  a  risk  that  more unfavourable  conditions  could arise for Sixt due to concentration risks.

As an international company, Sixt's business activities are generally subject to a large number of legal, tax and official provisions and regulations as well as individual agreements with business partners. Operational errors could result in punishable violations, regulatory audits or disputed matters that may have to be settled by a court of law. At the same time, Sixt Group is subject  to  a  wide  range  of  different  legal  constellations  and  consumer protection regulations, also as a result of its international expansion. There is a risk that it could fail to meet all regulatory requirements  or  to  react  in  time  to  changes  in  the  regulatory

environment.  In  addition  to  concrete  penalties  or  contractual risks due to non-compliance with specifications and agreements, image  damage  and  thus  an  influence  on  demand  cannot  be ruled out.

## 3.7 RISKS RELATED TO THE PROCUREMENT OF VEHICLES

The semiconductor crisis that was triggered by the pandemic and the reduction in production capacities already led to supply bottlenecks in the new vehicle market in 2021. These were partially compensated for by an overall high price level in the car rental industry. However, a possible prolonged and/or worsening shortage of vehicles in 2023, for example due to the closure of factories especially in China, could lead to a situation in which the possible further recovery in market demand cannot be fully met at an adequate price level.

## 3.8 RISKS RELATED TO THE WAR IN UKRAINE

With the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian forces on 24 February  2022,  the  long-standing  conflict  between  Russia  and Ukraine escalated into war. In addition to the human suffering and a humanitarian crisis, this drastic event has already led to tangible effects on the goods and financial markets within a short period  of  time.  In  addition,  strict  sanctions  were  introduced against Russia and partly Belarus, which are leading to feedback effects worldwide.

Sixt is represented in Ukraine by a franchise partner and a development centre. Sixt was also represented in Russia and Belarus to a small extent via service partners, however active marketing there was discontinued immediately after the outbreak of the war. The direct economic and operational effects of a possible lasting military conflict are therefore limited from today's perspective,  as  are  the  direct  effects  of  sanctions  and  embargo measures.

However, there is still a considerable risk that the possible indirect consequences could have a negative impact on the Group's asset,  financial  and  earnings  position.  The  disrupted  supply chains  and  missing  components  from  the  production  sites  of suppliers and car manufacturers in Ukraine and Russia could cause a further reduction in the production of new vehicles and Sixt may not be able to procure the desired number of vehicles as a result. A persistently high level of fuel prices could lead to a decline in demand for mobility products. Likewise, insolvency rates are expected to be negatively affected.

Further price increases for energy, but also for all energy-intensive  products,  as  well  as  political  and  social  developments, could  significantly  slow  down  economic  growth  and  lead  to  a lower willingness to spend among private and business customers. In addition, there is the risk of a further geopolitical deterioration with unpredictable effects.

Overall, Sixt is well prepared for crisis situations thanks to the high flexibility of its business model and solid financing. However, the possible effects of the crisis cannot be estimated in terms of duration and scope at this point in time.

## 4. MANAGEMENT BOARD'S ASSESSMENT OF THE OVERALL RISK PROFILE

Sixt SE has installed a Group-wide internal control and risk management  system  designed  to  identify  all  developments  that could lead to significant losses or endanger the continued existence of the Group at an early stage. As part of the established risk management system, all risks listed here are reviewed and analysed regularly and the probability of their occurrence and effect is assessed. The result is communicated to the Management Board and Supervisory Board so that the necessary countermeasures can be initiated if necessary.

Both the overall risk and the risk profile of Sixt Group as well as Sixt SE have essentially remained unchanged from the previous year apart from certain risks intensified by the macroeconomic uncertainty and the war in Ukraine. At present, no risks have been identified, which individually or in their entirety, could endanger the company as a going concern.

## 5. OPPORTUNITY REPORT

As an international mobility service provider, Sixt Group pursues a consistent premium strategy. This means it offers high-quality products and services, such as those related to the vehicle fleet, or flexible bookability to meet the various requirements of its customers in around 100 countries of the world. A number of strategic  and  operational  opportunities  are  open  to  Sixt  given  its solid competitive position, broad range of services, industry environment and in-house power of innovation, all of which can have a positive effect on its business development.

Sixt  defines  opportunities  as  the  possibility  of  exceeding  the company's intended objectives through events, developments or actions. It remains an ongoing undertaking to identify these opportunities for the individual operational areas and to utilise them in line with the company's strategy.

## 5.1 MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

## Economic development

The development of Sixt Group's business is influenced by the overall economic conditions. This holds true in particular for the economic situation in the 13 Sixt corporate countries. Since increasing economic dynamism generally leads to both a higher willingness  to  invest  on  the  part  of  companies  and  a  larger spending propensity on the part of private individuals, there is a chance in both cases that the demand for high-quality mobility solutions will rise.

In its plans for the current financial year 2023, Sixt Group makes due allowance for the economic analysts' expectations for general economic developments, as outlined in the Forecast Report. If the economy develops better than forecasted worldwide or in the  individual  markets,  this  could  lead  to  higher  demand  for Sixt's products and services.

Furthermore, a continued high level of market prices for vehicle rental  could  also  continue  to  have  a  beneficial  effect  on  the Group's revenue and earnings development. Key drivers of the continued high market price level in financial year 2022 included the  high  demand for  mobility  products  in  conjunction  with  the shortage of vehicles due to the global shortage of semiconductors and the impact of the war in Ukraine on the production of a number of car manufacturers. In addition, structural catch-up effects in price development within the industry also became apparent.

## Growing popularity of shared mobility

Mobility remains an essential human need and an important pillar of global trade. As a result of advancing climate change and the global trend towards urbanisation, however, mobility is currently in a state of upheaval. More and more municipalities are adapting their mobility plans and increasingly focusing on solutions  from  the  area  of  micro-mobility,  i.e.  getting  around  with non-motorised or electrically powered micro and light vehicles such as e-scooters, or the area of so-called shared mobility. This term covers all publicly accessible means of transport that are used jointly  and  are  available  at  short  notice  and  as  needed, usually for a fee, without being owned by a user. Sixt is active in this area with a broad portfolio as a car rental and car sharing provider  and  can  expect  to  benefit  from  the  expected  strong growth of the shared mobility market in the future. Polaris Market Research, for example, assumes an annual growth rate of 8% in  the  period  2022  to  2030  and  expects  a  market  size  of USD 188 billion in 2030. The SIXT App and the mobility platform ONE combine a number of products with which mobility can be made as sustainable as possible. For example, a single shared vehicle can replace a large number of privately owned cars due to optimised utilisation and reduce the amount of parking space required. Another lever also lies in the increasing electrification of  the  fleet  and  the  resulting  expansion  of  a  corresponding charging infrastructure. These measures are a key element of the holistic sustainability programme adopted by Sixt in the past financial year.

## Source

Polaris Market Research, Shared Mobility Market Industry Analysis Report, February 2022

## 5.2 COMPETITIVE OPPORTUNITIES

## Value-creating acquisitions

Sixt Group's expansion into relevant markets is generally based on achieving organic growth. This does not preclude the acquisition  of  local  and  regional  competitors,  however,  should  the conditions prove to be favourable. To this end, Sixt constantly reviews relevant market opportunities to accelerate the Group's growth. For example, the acquisition of two strong regional providers in the van rental sector in the third quarter of the past financial year led to a significant expansion of the SIXT Van &amp; Truck business in the UK. The acquisitions of Dorset Rentals and the Van &amp; Truck division of GAP Group are associated with far-reaching opportunities, as Sixt can now serve customers nationwide with a more than quadrupled fleet and ensure services with a fast response time.

From a strategic point of view, opportunities from acquisitions consist of an expansion of the customer base and the acquisition of attractive market segments, by acquiring airport concessions, for example. From a technological perspective, the focus is on innovation potential, primarily with a view to the further digitalisation of Sixt's business model.

## Opportunities thanks to a tense competitive situation

Sixt is active in international markets that have been dominated by intense predatory competition for years. In the past, one has often seen competitors pursue an aggressive pricing strategy,

which only covers operating costs to a limited extent or not at all in the long term and leads to losses, especially in economically difficult situations.

The coronavirus pandemic had, in some cases significantly, exacerbated the situation of many competitors in the mobility market, including large companies. From the second half of 2021 on, the semiconductor crisis made it increasingly difficult to buy vehicles from manufacturers to the desired extent. The economic effects  of  the  war  in  Ukraine,  especially  due  to  further  bottlenecks on the supply side, as well as - especially energy pricedriven - rising inflation rates in the western nations, also pose challenges for the entire industry. Following the financial restructuring of a few major competitors in the previous year, further consolidation is now conceivable, particularly when it comes to local suppliers. Should competitors be forced to discontinue or reduce their business operations, Sixt Group could close possible supply gaps and secure targeted market access and quotas.

## Growing demands on mobility

Sixt has been pursuing its premium strategy already for many years, thus underscoring its claim of offering its customers topquality products and services. One key element of this is to offer a fleet of vehicles from renowned manufacturers with state-ofthe  art  extra  features  and  options.  The  premium  approach  to rental stations is yet another important aspect. In the past financial year, Sixt already spent a double-digit million euros amount on renovations and new buildings, and many more renovation and construction projects are planned for 2023 in order to continue to ensure a holistic premium customer experience and thus retain customers for the long term and generate higher revenues. Provided that the economic situation of companies and private households develops better than expected and customers' demands on their mobility continue to rise, premium quality vehicles  and  services  could  be  in  above-average  demand.  Sixt Group in particular would benefit from such a development. In the United States, as well, Sixt is consistently pursuing its goal of  occupying the premium segment, which is still strongly underrepresented there overall and thus offers a great opportunity.

## Demand-generating marketing

The term 'Sixt ads' has become a concept in its own right in the advertising  industry.  This  is  due  to  marketing  campaigns  that have been causing a sensation for decades, lending the brand high recognition value and conveying its values.

Wide-reaching advertising and  marketing campaigns will continue to be the key means to raise awareness of the SIXT brand in the future, especially on an international scale and thus support the economic growth of the Group. To this end, Sixt is deploying a wide range of media with a special focus on social media channels that enable direct and very timely addressing of target audiences and direct interaction with customers. In addition, the company also uses other communication and advertising channels, depending on the objective of the advertising.

This offers opportunities in particular through investments to increase brand awareness in the US growth market. While the focus was previously more on targeted, locally limited advertising activities, December 2022 saw the launch of the integrated 'rent THE car' marketing campaign, a broader and more comprehensive advertising offensive than ever before that supported Sixt's growth course in the US.

## Ongoing internationalisation

Sixt Group is pursuing its objective of expanding its international presence and gaining additional market shares in the respective countries. To this end, the company collaborates with franchise partners in many national markets. At the same time, the Group permanently reviews measures to increase market shares in existing countries, either by changing the network of franchise partners, setting up its own structures or by tailoring specific mobility offers for certain markets.

Further growth opportunities are associated specifically with the US market - especially in the business customer segment and in the medium term also in the commercial vehicle market (Vans &amp; Trucks). In addition, marketing activities offer Sixt Group the chance to decisively increase brand awareness in the US. As the world's largest car rental market, the US also offers Sixt significant growth potential through increasing consolidation.

In the course of expansion into Canada, synergies with the US growth market will be leveraged and Sixt's presence in North America will be significantly expanded. The company is pursuing a similar expansion strategy as in the US, with the medium-term goal of being present at half of the nation's top ten airports. According to data from Euromonitor, the Canadian car rental market has a total potential of around EUR 1.4 billion. Sixt's mediumterm goal is to achieve a three to five percent market share in Canada by 2025/2026. After the opening of the first Canadian station in Downtown Vancouver in July 2022, additional stations in Vancouver and Toronto are expected to follow over the course

of the year, which would enable Sixt to cover the two top-selling destinations in the country. Together they account for the majority of the Canadian car rental market and have a potential market volume of EUR 400 million. By tapping into the two Canadian metropolises, Sixt will be able to offer its service and premium fleet for business and leisure travel between the US and Canada in the future.

The new franchise partners acquired in the past financial year also offer growth opportunities for Sixt as part of its internationalisation strategy.

## 5.3 OPPORTUNITIES FROM INNOVATION

## SIXT App as preferred mobility tool

By  combining  the  offers  of  various  mobility  services  via  the mobility platform ONE developed in-house with the SIXT App, Sixt has gained a competitive advantage with great appeal for third-party providers and potential partners. There is a chance that  yet  other  mobility  partners  will  want  to  integrate  their products and services into the platform and thereby make the SIXT App an even more sought-after tool for customers when they plan and organise their trips and mobility in general. This in turn would increase the Group's growth and increase awareness of the Sixt brand.

## Integrated mobility services

With its mobility platform ONE and the SIXT App, the company is able to offer customers tailor-made one-stop mobility solutions that cover an entire area, are suited for every situation and are independent of time and location. By integrating several products into only one app, the traffic is fundamentally increased and the attention that all products receive is increased. With its integrated solutions, Sixt is also taking due account of individual and contemporary mobility. At the same time, Sixt is strengthening its position as the mobility industry's innovation leader and at the same time generating countless opportunities such as increased cross-selling opportunities and the expansion of its target audiences: for example, customers who have only used SIXT rent via the SIXT App so far can now use the same tool to access the  services  of  SIXT  share  for  short-term  mobility  needs  or SIXT+ for their  longer-term  mobility  needs.  This  constitutes  a significant advantage over the still very fragmented offers of the competitors for car rental, car sharing, transfer services and car subscriptions.

## Services offered online and via mobile channels

The main tools for planning and booking both business and private trips are technical interfaces such as computers, tablets or smartphones.  Customers  receive  easy  and  flexible  access  to flights,  hotels, taxis, rental cars  and car sharing via these devices and the respective websites and applications. This is why Sixt developed user-friendly online and mobile solutions early on that are continually upgraded and enhanced by adding practical new  features.  Moreover,  the  company  integrates  its  various products and services into the booking procedures of hotels and airlines and thereby extends the reach of its services. Examples in  the  reporting  period  include  the  newly  concluded  strategic partnerships with itTaxi (January 2022), Accor (February 2022), nextbike (March 2022), Professional Golf AG (April 2022), Marriott Bonvoy (August 2022), the fleet and mobility specialist Fleet Logistics (August 2022) that is active throughout Europe, or the expansion of the existing partnership with Lyft - ebikes have also been offered on the ONE mobility platform since July 2022. The continuous improvement of the user-friendliness of Sixt's online and mobile solutions, especially compared to the competition, also creates opportunities for further market share gains.

Sixt uses its own channels, such as the SIXT App, the SIXT blog or its extensive social media presence, as well as various online and offline marketing channels for international communication and promotion of its many different services. Against the backdrop of event-driven communication and marketing opportunities,  the  company is testing new potentially suitable platforms and working together regularly with influencers. These activities offer the opportunity of addressing target audiences in a highly targeted manner and further raising Sixt's popularity.

## SIXT rent

Digitalising the rental fleet will thus potentially densify the contact points between Sixt and the customer, which in turn would open up additional growth opportunities. At the same time, the digitalisation  of  stations  and  rental  processes  -  also  by  using artificial intelligence in pricing and fleet management - offers opportunities to generate additional revenue and cost savings.

## SIXT share

SIXT share combines the traditionally separate products of car rental and car sharing into one integrated product. By networking both vehicle fleets, Sixt can balance out fluctuations in demand between car rental and car sharing and provide customers with optimal availability at all times. At the same time, this optimises the utilisation of the fleet, resulting in cost and efficiency

<!-- image -->

benefits. Through networking, it is also possible to expand car sharing to the surrounding areas, and not to be limited exclusively to metropolitan regions as in the past, since the vehicles are not rigidly assigned to a location or business area, but can be used depending on demand. To further maximise the utilisation of its own fleet, SIXT share has also been integrated into FreeNow. This underlines Sixt's approach to make urban mobility  simple  and  accessible for everyone. This opens up further growth potential for Sixt. Already today, around one third of the SIXT share car sharing fleet consists of electric vehicles and offers  further  possibilities  for  low-CO2  mobility  by  integrating  escooters, e-mopeds, and, since July 2022 also bikes and e-mopeds. The product thus pays tribute to Sixt's sustainability strategy. New branding was introduced on SIXT share vehicles in March 2022. The new design gives Sixt's car sharing product a modern new look and pays off in terms of brand awareness. In addition, Sixt customers will be able to find the vehicles even faster in the city in the future.

## SIXT+

Given the cost benefits and the trend towards using instead of owning a vehicle, the market for car subscriptions is expected to see substantial growth. According to forecasts, the car subscription model could clock up a market share of up to 40% by 2030 with German private customers. By integrating SIXT+ into the SIXT App, the company is creating an opportunity to benefit from this  growth  far  more  than  average,  and  to  reach  customer groups that can also be introduced to additional services and offers from the Group. In order to take the desire for synchronisation of usage and pricing of modern mobility customers into account, Sixt supplemented the monthly cancellable subscription offer with further term options of 6 and 12 months at the end of  December  2022.  This  means  that  customers  who  already have concretely plannable mobility needs can benefit from even less  expensive  offers.  For  Sixt,  this  will  result  in  stable  cashflows, as well as in potential savings through more efficient fleet utilisation and planning. Because of the short notice period Sixt thus sees the greatest growth opportunities for the SIXT+ product  in  the  area  of  electric  car  subscriptions  in  particular,  as  it makes possible  for  customers  to  test  electric  mobility  without long-term obligation.

## Source

Automobilwoche, Study: Market share of subscription model could reach 40% by 2030, 31 August 2020

## SIXT ride

Sixt expects the demand for driving and transfer services to increase dynamically in the medium and long term. Strong growth is  expected  especially  in  large  cities  and  metropolitan  areas. Sixt's strategy is to provide access to its platform ONE to additional mobility service providers in order to expand and upscale its mobility services globally. The platform ONE is designed to make the integration of additional partners as swift and uncomplicated as possible. This provides an opportunity to make new products  available  to  customers  and  to  achieve  continually higher market penetration.

## SIXT truck

Sixt considers the Vans &amp; Trucks rental market to be another attractive growth area, particularly in the area of light and medium commercial vehicle rental. In times of low economic growth, rising  interest  rates,  persistent  vehicle  supply  bottlenecks  and more difficult forecasting of how demand will develop, the rental market  for  Vans  &amp;  Trucks  holds  enormous  potential  because companies with commercial vehicle fleets need more flexible, fast and efficient ways of procuring and using fleets, especially then.  The  company  has  experienced  profitable  growth  in  this market segment in previous years and established itself according to own assessment as one of the leading providers of Vans &amp; Trucks in the German-speaking region in the weight category below 7.5 tonnes. A noticeable increase in demand for these vehicles is still expected, due to the penetration of profitable business customer segments and their continuous professionalisation of fleet management, for example. Sixt plans to improve the customer experience in terms of service and flexibility by consistently  digitalising  the  fleet,  adapting  service  processes  and product  specifications  to  specific  customer  requirements  and connecting the product area to the mobility platform ONE. The best example of this is the newly developed SIXT Van &amp; Truck Sharing, which was established in 2022 together with a globally active online mail order company. Since Sixt is currently still a niche player in this market segment in many European countries and the local markets are often highly fragmented, there are considerable  growth  opportunities.  Sixt  has  set  itself  the  goal  of gaining further market share in Europe and significantly expanding  the  Vans  &amp;  Trucks  fleet  in  Europe  -  also  across  a  wider range of vehicle types and specifications. In financial year 2022, for example, the acquisition of Dorset Vehicle Rentals and the Van &amp; Truck division of GAP Group not only more than quadrupled the fleet size in the UK, but also added know-how and existing structures in the areas of vehicle upgrades and conversion as well as in-house repairs. In the medium term, Sixt intends to

expand its network to more than 50 Truck Centres in Europe and to extend its Vans &amp; Trucks business to the US. According to the company's estimates, the Vans &amp; Trucks rental market has a significant market potential of over USD 33 billion and thus offers considerable medium and long-term growth opportunities.

## Special services for corporate customers

Sixt  already  offers  corporate  customers  solutions  developed specifically to meet their requirements and tailored to their needs. Besides SIXT+ unlimited, this includes other individual mobility concepts such as SIXT+ flex. These products take the 'pay-asyou-use' idea as well as the factors of cost control, flexibility, individuality, sustainability and digitalisation into account. Sixt is thus expanding its product portfolio to include an innovative and sustainable mobility solution. Several major customers have already been signed up for the product and Siemens is the first customer to use SIXT+ flex exclusively with electric and hybrid vehicles. Sixt assumes that the acceptance of products tailored to the needs of special target audiences will continue to increase. This will offer the opportunity to convince corporate customers of Sixt Group's services in the long term and thus to also arouse interest in the Group's other offers.

## Further SIXT TECH location

The opening of its fourth development centre worldwide in Lisbon creates opportunities for further  successful  growth  of  the SIXT TECH division in a very attractive location. Portugal's innovative capital is one of Europe's leading cities in the technology sector and is characterised by the availability of highly qualified development talent, especially in the field of software development,  with  graduates  from  renowned  universities  (e.g. Técnico Lisboa). The opening and development of the development centre in Lisbon will lead to a further regional diversification of the TECH area. This is also important with regard to the current  uncertainties  in  Ukraine.  In  addition,  tech  giants  such  as Google and Facebook are located in the immediate vicinity, especially  in  Lisbon,  and  more  and  more  qualified,  international workers are also flocking to Portugal, or to Lisbon, from Brazil, for example. Sixt is pursuing a strong growth and digitalisation plan by opening the new site in Lisbon and has set itself the goal of building up the new TECH location into a triple-digit number of employees in financial year 2023.

## B.7 \\ COMBINED NON-FINANCIAL GROUP DECLARATION PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 315B AND C IN CONJUNCTION WITH 289B TO E OF THE GERMAN COMMERCIAL CODE (HGB)

## 1. SUSTAINABILITY AT SIXT

Thinking and acting sustainably are important success factors for Sixt as a company. Doing business sustainably means doing business in a way that seeks to balance the interests of all stakeholders involved in and affected by the business process. In this way, Sixt assumes responsibility towards society and contributes toward ensuring that future generations can also live in an intact social, economic and ecological environment. Sixt's main contribution to this is the qualitative development and quantitative expansion of so-called Shared Mobility, i.e. the shared use of vehicles or vehicle fleets (see section 3.1). The Regine Sixt Children's Aid Foundation is the company's official Corporate Social Responsibility programme and underscores Sixt SE's social responsibility. (see section 3.6).

## 1.1 ENTREPRENEURIAL SELF-IMAGE

Sixt Group is a global provider of high-quality mobility solutions. Through its customised products and services, Sixt provides private and business customers with mobility tailored to their individual needs, with the idea of Shared Mobility at the heart of the product offering. Besides the rental of premium vehicles, the products and services also include car sharing offers,  car  subscriptions,  chauffeur  services  and  other  integrated offers from third-party vendors via the mobility platform ONE.

Holistic mobility concepts, a high level of service and technological  innovations  combined  with  a  premium  fleet  are  important distinguishing features of Sixt in competing (please refer to the section entitled 'Principles of the Group' in the Combined  Management Report for  a  detailed  description  of  the business model and company structure).

The fundamental principles of Sixt Group are the harmonisation of social mobility needs and the fulfilment of global sustainability goals. The commitment to limiting climate change is a priority. Priority is also given to reducing the greenhouse gas emissions, in particular the emission of carbon dioxide (CO2).

## 1.2 PRINCIPLES OF REPORTING

The Combined Non-Financial Group Declaration of Sixt for financial year 2022 included in the Combined Management Report of Sixt has been prepared in accordance with the disclosures  required  by  Sections  315b  and  c  in  conjunction  with Sections 289b to e of the German Commercial Code (HGB) and  Regulation  (EU)  2020/852  of  the  European  Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on establishing a framework to facilitate sustainable investment and amending Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (hereinafter the EU Taxonomy Regulation). The Non-Financial Group Declaration contains the information required by the CSR Directive Implementation Act on material environmental, employee and social matters, respect for human rights and the fight against corruption and bribery. The reporting on other material fields of action and topics results from their materiality for Sixt Group.

Due  to  the  broad  range  of  sustainability  measures  at  Sixt Group, the respective results are not reported in full, but rather only  in  selected  form.  In  accordance  with  Section  315b  (1) sentence 3 of the German Commercial Code (HGB), reference is also made to non-financial disclosures on individual aspects covered elsewhere in this report. The Combined NonFinancial Group Declaration also reports material risks in accordance with Section 289c (3) 3 and 4 HGB, insofar as the disclosures are necessary for an understanding of the course of  business, the business results, the position of the Group and the company and the effects of their activities on non-financial matters.

In accordance with Section 289c (3) no. 5 HGB, there are no non-financial performance indicators that are of material importance to the business activities of Sixt Group. Sixt Group is currently managed primarily by means of financial key figures and performance indicators. Key performance indicators are listed in the section 'Principles of the Group' in the Management Report. There is no direct connection between the figures  reported  in  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  of Sixt SE pursuant to Section 289c (3) no. 6 HGB and the five non-financial aspects pursuant to Section 289c (2) 1 to 5 HGB.

Pursuant to Section 171 (1) sentence 4 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG), the Combined Non-Financial Group Declaration contained in this Combined Management Report was reviewed by the Supervisory Board for its legality, correctness and appropriateness. In accordance with Section 317 (2) sentence 4 of the German Commercial Code (HGB), it was submitted to the auditor, but not subjected to a substantive audit.

Sixt  is  committed  to  transparency  towards  its  stakeholders and reports on all sustainability-relevant aspects of the business and the company's environment. Sixt bases its reporting on the criteria of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). The reporting scope covers all companies of Sixt Group, i.e. all companies listed in the 'Consolidation' section of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

## 2. BASIS FOR ACTING SUSTAINABLY

Sixt is a premium provider and one of the innovation leaders in the mobility industry. Its range of services is permanently enhanced by adding new products and services. Technologies that meet the increasing demands of customers for flexible, contemporary and sustainable mobility are of importance here. Sixt constantly develops its broad range of products and services further in line with demand and responds directly to emerging new trends. The company's range of services is discussed in more detail in the chapter entitled 'Principles of the Group.'

Sixt  strives  for  responsible  and  sustainable  value  creation across the entire business spectrum. For example, Sixt's mobility  platform  ONE  serves  the  (further)  development  of  the sustainable customer-oriented business model related to the topics of Shared Mobility. This is because, in addition to Sixt's car sharing offer, this platform enables the integration of partner offers into the Sixt portfolio. Its customers can thus make use of services for example in the area of micro-mobility or driving services such as taxis and transfer services in an uncomplicated manner and at standardised conditions. These additional offers increase the attractiveness and sustainability performance of Sixt's own products.

The goal is to design a service that offers customers a sustainable, convincing and attractive mobility solution. The optimised mobility mix thus reduces greenhouse gas emissions (see section 3.2).

## 2.1 MATERIALITY

## Motivation and background

The Combined Non-Financial Group Declaration is based on the  principle  of  materiality  in  the  selection  and  weighting  of topics. Sixt regularly conducts a materiality analysis to determine the most important topics.

Three  perspectives  ('dimensions')  are  of  relevance  in  assessing issues in terms of their importance for the company.

- \ \ Impact: How strongly does Sixt's (business) activity affect the  environment  and  stakeholders  with  regard  to  the  respective aspect?
- \ \ Business relevance: How significant is the effect of the respective aspect on the part of the market and/or the stakeholders on the development of Sixt's business?
- \ \ Stakeholder relevance: How significant is Sixt's behaviour in terms of the respective aspects for the formation of stakeholder expectations and decision-making towards Sixt?

The answers to these questions provide information on the significance and thus the materiality of the individual aspects and  topics  relating  to  Sixt's  business  activities  and  actions from a sustainability perspective.

## Procedure

In 2021, Sixt identified and prioritised the main topics of relevance to the company by holding structured workshops and by  querying  the  specialist  departments.  The  results  of  the analysis were translated into key areas for action and finally validated by the CFO as the Management Board member responsible for ESG. Internal contacts from different areas of the company and external contacts from five stakeholder groups (private  customers,  business  customers,  investors,  automobile manufacturers and other suppliers) were selected for the materiality  analysis.  For  the  survey,  20  particularly  relevant topics  were  pre-selected  from  a  holistic  list  consisting  of around 100 sustainability-related topics and presented to the contacts for discussion. The results of the discussion of the 14 most important topics were presented clearly in a materiality matrix.

Sixt adopted this matrix for 2022. Neither in the exchange with the stakeholders nor through the company's own market observations have there been any indications that a significant change  in  the  materiality  matrix  would  be  necessary.  Sixt plans to carry out a comprehensive analysis again in the second half of 2023.

## Results and implications of the materiality analysis for Sixt

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

0

These material fields of action are of particular importance for the business development and show what areas Sixt sees focal points in. The materiality analysis determined that the nonfinancial aspect of 'respect for human rights' does not represent a material field of action for Sixt within the meaning of the CSR Directive Implementation Act due to the activity characteristics and business segments of the Group. Nevertheless, Sixt is expressly committed to respecting human rights. Further  information  on  human  rights  compliance  at  Sixt  Group can be found in the section 'Corporate Governance and Compliance' in this Combined Non-Financial Group Declaration.

Overall, Sixt has identified seven main fields of action, which include all 14 prioritised topics from the materiality matrix: (1) Shared Mobility, (2) greenhouse gas emissions &amp; air quality, (3) resource conservation, (4) customer satisfaction, (5) data protection and IT security, (6) employee concerns, (7) Corporate Governance, compliance and transparency. These fields of action were assigned to the five non-financial aspects of the CSR Directive Implementation Act.

## 2.2 STRATEGY AND MANAGEMENT APPROACH

As a leader in technology and innovation, Sixt has approved a comprehensive package of measures to get even more people excited about sustainable mobility. At the heart of the integrated and holistic sustainability programme are the electrification of the fleet, the establishment of its own charging infrastructure, the expansion of the mobility platform ONE into a single sign-on for hundreds of charging points, and even earlier climate neutrality as a company.

## 1. Electrification: expansion of the e-fleet to 70%-90% in Europe

By the end of 2023, the share of electrified powered vehicles (including plug-in hybrids and mild hybrids) in the global Sixt fleet is expected to be 12% to 15%. By 2030, 70% to 90% of the company's vehicles in Europe will be electrified, all bookable via the SIXT App.

Sixt is thus becoming an enthusiasm accelerator for e-mobility. This  is  also  shown  by  a  study  conducted  together  with  the market research company TNS: Around 70% of the Sixt customers surveyed confirmed that  using a rental  car helps to lower their reservations about e-mobility (with regard to range, the  charging  infrastructure  and  charging  times).  Nearly  two thirds consider the use of rental cars to be a good opportunity to  get  to  know  electric  vehicles  and  for  more  than  55%  the previous use of an electric rental car is important or very important for their decision to buy such a vehicle.

## 2. Charging infrastructure: investments and partnerships

As a further component of its sustainability programme, Sixt had already announced last year that it would invest EUR 50 million in its own charging infrastructure at its stations over the next few years. The company is thus creating the prerequisites for charging an increasingly large electric fleet after the vehicles are returned. With the help of partners, the company will also offer its customers nationwide access to the majority of all publicly available charging points, currently 400,000, in Sixt's  European  corporate  countries  over  the  course  of  the coming year. This will be done via the new SIXT charge product, which will be integrated into the SIXT App.

## 3. Mobility platform ONE: ecosystem for climate-friendly mobility

Today, the SIXT App and the underlying mobility platform SIXT ONE are already the linchpin for the simple and flexible use of the company's mobility offerings. With car and commercial vehicle rental, car sharing, driving services and car subscriptions, it combines several products with which mobility can be made as sustainable as possible. For example, a single shared vehicle can replace a large number of privately owned cars as a result of optimized utilisation and reduce the amount of parking  space  required.  New,  technologically  modern  vehicles, such as those in the Sixt rental fleet, also emit less CO2 than comparable older vehicles. With the integration of SIXT charge into the ONE platform, the company is now also providing a strong additional incentive for the use of climatefriendly e-vehicles because, in addition to vehicle booking in one and the same ecosystem, the app will also allow users to find and use charging points.

## 4. Climate neutrality: stations and locations CO2-neutral already by 2023

In addition to an extensively electrified fleet for its customers, the company also plans to reduce the CO2 emissions generated  in  the  operation  of  its  own  stations  and  locations  as quickly and as far as possible - through the large-scale installation of its own photovoltaic systems, for example. What Sixt cannot save locally is offset by compensation projects. Only projects  that  meet  the  highest  quality  standards  are  supported. Sixt  thus  plans  to  make  the  operation  of  its  stations and locations climate-neutral as early as the end of 2023.

In the coming years until presumably 2040, CO2 neutrality is to  be  achieved  in  the  procurement  and  use  of  the  fleet (Scope 3 emissions in the sense of vehicle procurement and customer use of the vehicles). Achievement of the target is basically dependent on the availability of CO2-neutral vehicles and sustainably generated energy.

The Group uses its organisational structures and governance processes to manage and promote responsible company behaviour - from strategy to implementation. In addition, Sixt has implemented management systems in accordance with the international standards for quality (DIN EN ISO 9001:2015) and environmental protection (DIN EN ISO 14001:2015). This is how Sixt systematically and consistently takes sustainability issues into account in all of its business activities and across all hierarchical levels.

Overall responsibility for sustainability management lies with the Management Board, which aligns business policy with the requirements of socially responsible business and defines the corresponding strategies and programmes. The Code of Conduct serves employees of Sixt Group as a guideline for acting sustainably during everyday business.

The CFO is responsible for the ESG transformation and the development of an ESG strategy. The Sixt ESG department supports the CFO in the management and coordination of the transformation,  including  sustainability  reporting,  and  drives the operationalisation of the ESG strategy in divisions and corporate countries. An ESG Board serves as a (preparatory) decision-making body, with board participation by the CFO and COO in two meetings per year, including  selective  involvement of the ESG department, corporate countries and divisions.

The implementation and management of sustainability activities as well as the reporting of sustainability data is carried out in the various business units. The monitoring of targets and activities  is  carried  out  by  the  People  Management  department, the Operations department and the Governance, Risk Management  &amp;  Controls  (GRC)  function  and  is  constantly optimised. The Combined Non-Financial Group Declaration is prepared  by  the  Finance  department.  Regular  activities  include, in particular, the tracking and monitoring of sustainability goals in the relevant departments as well as the preparation of relevant topics and analyses for the Management Board.

The Supervisory Board is responsible for monitoring the overall  success of the ESG transformation and ensures its consistency with Sixt's overall strategy. The member of the Supervisory Board responsible for ESG topics is Dr. Julian zu Putlitz.  The  Management  Board  reports  to  the  Supervisory Board on important issues, including sustainability, at least on a quarterly basis.

In order to also be able to objectively assess the development of  sustainability  activities,  Sixt  works  together  with  rating agencies  on  sustainability  performance.  From  the  external feedback determined in this manner, Sixt derives targets and measures for further optimisation of this performance. Sixt's sustainability  management  is  supported  by  the  company's own guidelines, which extend beyond the legal requirements. A Code of Conduct that is valid for Sixt worldwide and provides the ethical framework for daily business activities is of overriding  importance.  This  Code  of  Conduct  has  been  supplemented by a separate Code of Conduct for suppliers and service providers since the end of 2022.

## 3. MATERIAL FIELDS OF ACTION

Sixt's  sustainability  management  seeks  to  harmonise  the Group's business activities with ecological, social and ethical aspects.  It  is  operationalised  through  fields  of  action,  goals and measures and integrated into the company processes. In addition,  sustainability  management  builds  on  the  requirements and interests of stakeholders. Customers, employees, suppliers and investors are of particular importance here. In addition to the overarching areas of 'Sustainability at Sixt' and 'Strategy and Management,' the Group's sustainability management is  divided  into  seven  material  fields  of  action  that cover  the  results  of  the  materiality  analysis.  These  are  described in more detail below.

| Non-financial aspect  HGB  Material fields of action  Section  Environmental matters  § 289c para. 2 no. 1  Shared Mobility  - Environment-related products &amp; services  - Innovation &amp; Partners  - Investments &amp; Infrastructure  Greenhouse gas emissions &amp; air quality  Resource conservation  3.1  3.2  3.3  Social matters  § 289c paragraph 2  number 3  Customer satisfaction  - Product quality &amp; safety  Data protection &amp; IT security  3.4  3.5  Employee matters  § 289c paragraph 2  number 2  Employee matters  - Diversity, inclusion and equal opportunities  3.7  Combating corruption and bribery  § 289c paragraph 2  number 5  Corporate Governance, Compliance &amp; Transparency  - Code of Conduct  3.8  Respect for human rights  § 289c paragraph 2  number 4  Formally not a material field of action for Sixt in terms of the CSR Directive Implementation Act  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.1 SHARED MOBILITY

The future of climate-friendly and resource-saving mobility lies in Shared Mobility. Sixt understands this term to mean both the more shared use of means of transport and the optimised combination of means of transport for a certain route. Shared Mobility will become sufficiently attractive when the economic and ecological advantages on the one hand and largely preserved  individual  mobility  on  the  other  hand  balance  each other out.

In this scenario, Sixt understands Shared Mobility as the guiding idea of offering its customers the freedom to be flexibly mobile worldwide. Sixt is convinced that Shared Mobility concepts  will  become  increasingly  important  in  the  future.  The mobility platform ONE already enables the implementation of such  concepts  today  through  the  flexible  use  of  vehicles across a diversified product range.

## Environmentally friendly products and services

In 2022, Sixt's vehicle fleet comprised an average of around 138,400  vehicles.  Of  these,  11.2%  were  purely  electrically powered vehicles  (e-vehicles),  plug-in  hybrids  and  mild  hybrids.  In  the  previous  year,  the  share  was  only  8.8%.  This means that not only the number of electrified vehicles in use has increased significantly, but also the share of the total fleet. Sixt is thus continuing its strategy of acting as a trendsetter and always being able to fully serve a growing interest in environmentally friendly vehicles. In the densely populated Netherlands, the entire rental fleet for SIXT share has already been converted to e-vehicles.

| Fleet size  2022  2021  2020  2019  Average number of vehicles from Sixt  138,400  125,300  113,800  150,700  Share of all-electric vehicles, plug-in hybrids and mild hybrids  11.2%  8.8%  3.3%  1.4  %  Share of all-electric vehicles, plug-in hybrids and mild hybrids in Europe  14.4%  10.7%  3.9%  1.7%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Sixt also gradually expanded its infrastructure for e-vehicles in 2022. The extent of this expansion is determined by the corresponding development of demand in the classic (short-term) rental business with a rental period of a few days. The focus of this expansion was on Germany and France. Sixt is thus anticipating  the  trend  of  increasing  customer  interest  in emission-free  driving.  This  means  that  as  soon  as  an  increased demand for e-vehicles becomes clear, Sixt will accompany this development with appropriate measures in the infrastructure.

The development of demand and the expansion of the electric infrastructure needs to be closely interlinked; otherwise there is  a  risk  of  misallocation of resources if the infrastructure is expanded at great expense and the corresponding demand fails  to  materialise.  The  attractiveness  of  e-vehicles  is  currently still limited, primarily due to limited charging options in the surrounding areas. At present, reliable statistical data is still lacking in order to make a reliable assessment of the circumstances under which customers will choose a vehicle with a purely electric drive. In this respect, all forecasts in this area - especially those covering several years - are subject to considerable uncertainty.

Sixt will continue to increase the share of low-emission and zero-emission  vehicles  as  battery  and  charging  technology continues to develop. However, this rate of increase depends to a considerable extent on technical progress and the corresponding change in customer preferences and wishes. If customer demand for this vehicle category increases, Sixt will react immediately by increasing the corresponding range of vehicles on offer. Against the backdrop of this market development,  which  is  difficult  to  forecast,  Sixt  cannot  currently set any concrete reduction targets because the achievement of these goals could only be influenced by Sixt to a limited  extent.  However,  the  company  will  implement  various measures to steadily reduce the average standard consumption of the fleet. More concrete targets will be defined as soon as the economic and legal framework conditions are available.

By the end of 2023, the share of electrified vehicles (including plug-in and mild hybrids) in the global Sixt fleet is projected to be 12% to 15%. By 2030, 70% to 90% of the company's vehicles in Europe are to be electrified, all of which can be booked via the SIXT App.

## Innovation and partners

Sixt invests in innovative business models and approaches to e-mobility  and  Shared  Mobility.  For  example,  Sixt  holds  a stake in Axilion (Israel), a developer of artificial intelligence for predicting traffic flows, since 2019. In addition, Sixt has partnered with the Intel Group subsidiary Mobileye to jointly provide an autonomous ride-hailing service in Munich. The selfdriving cars can also be requested via the SIXT App in the future and expand Sixt's Shared Mobility offering.

## Investments and infrastructure

In order to offer customers the highest level of service and to simplify the administrative processes surrounding the use of Sixt services as much as possible in the sense of Shared Mobility, a double-digit million-euro amount was invested in the further development of customer-oriented information technology (especially applications) in the reporting year 2022. Sixt invests in the digitalisation of business processes, i.e. wherever processes become more efficient, cost-effective and customer-friendly as a result of  these investments and support business development.

## 3.2 GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS &amp; AIR QUALITY

As a provider of mobility solutions, Sixt is aware of its responsibility for climate protection and has set itself the goal of not only continuously reducing the average CO2 emissions of its fleet,  but  also  to  reduce  overall  greenhouse  gas  emissions and the emission of other substances that impair air quality as much as possible. Sixt will achieve this through a combination of different measures, such as the continued use of new vehicles with the latest drive technologies such as electric and hybrid vehicles.

| Emissions  Objective  Activities  Performance indicator  Reduction of the average CO2 emissions of the fleet  Reduction of average air pollutants  Expansion of the electrically powered fleet  Renewal of the vehicle fleet with a focus on vehicles with  the lowest possible emissions  ▪  Emissions (direct and indirect)  ▪  CO2 emissions (Scope 1-3)  ▪  Ø CO2 emissions of the fleet   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All vehicles in the Sixt rental fleet are state-of-the-art in terms of  resource  efficiency,  CO2  emissions  and  safety  systems. Passenger  cars  are  usually  kept  in  the  fleet  for  about  six months  before  they  are  replaced  by  the  latest  models available on the market. The number of vehicles with electric or hybrid drives and vehicle models with higher energy efficiency is also constantly increasing in the Sixt fleet. The average CO2 emissions per vehicle internationally (measured in

<!-- image -->

g CO2/km) in Sixt Group increased in the reporting year 2022 from 150 g CO2/km in 2021 to recently 162 g CO2/km. The increase  is  particularly  due  to  the  expansion  of  the  fleet  in

North America and in the Van &amp; Truck segment. CO2 emissions for passenger cars in Europe were 130 g CO2/km.

| CO2 emissions of all vehicles according to standard consumption in Sixt corporate countries  2022  2021  2020  Ø Greenhouse gas emissions of the Sixt vehicle fleet  162 g CO2/km  150 g CO2/km  152 g CO2/km   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As part of its active climate protection, Sixt has established the SIXTainability initiative. The aim of this initiative is to make the topic  of  sustainability  more  present  in  the  company.  The SIXTainability  network  assists  employees  in  implementing various  aspects  of  sustainability  in  the  company.  Project groups organise activities and discussion rounds that focus on ecological responsibility, resource conservation and management, and climate protection.

Sixt generates its own electricity in renewable energy plants and feeds this energy into the public electricity grid.

## 3.3 RESOURCE CONSERVATION

The protection of the environment and the responsible use of resources are a matter of course for Sixt. The Group keeps energy and water consumption in its sphere of influence as low as possible. With the help of its environmental management systems, which are certified in accordance with the international standard DIN EN ISO 14001:2015 at Group headquarters and other key locations, Sixt regularly monitors its resource consumption and strives to achieve continuous efficiency improvements.

Sixt pursues the goal of constantly improving its energy efficiency and reducing its energy consumption. In addition to the implementation and monitoring of concrete energy efficiency measures, energy audits and the sensitisation of employees are also part of the measures aimed at the resource-saving use  of  energy.  Measures  to  increase  energy  efficiency  are particularly easy to implement at Sixt's corporate headquarters, as the Group bears direct responsibility for the planning, construction  and  operation  of  the  buildings,  technical  infrastructure and IT there. According to the energy audit in accordance with DIN EN 16247-1, which was carried out for the last time in financial year 2021 for calendar year 2020 and has to be renewed every four years, the consumption values for corporate headquarters are within normal parameters, and the heating requirement is below average.

Sixt SE's corporate headquarters has been connected to geothermal energy since 2018. This reduces gas consumption at the Pullach site by 95 kWh natural gas/m 2 a. As part of further  modernisation  measures,  energy  efficiency  was  significantly improved, among other measures. One area of this is the increased use of LED lighting. According to the most recent energy audit, this can result in savings of 50% in the area of electricity for lighting. In addition, Sixt purchases electricity from renewable energy sources (green electricity) for all its sites  in  Germany  where  Sixt  is  responsible  for  purchasing. The properties at other locations are rented, therefore Sixt's influence on energy efficiency there is comparatively low. Nevertheless, the company pays attention to the use of sustainable technologies in the ongoing renewal, expansion and new establishment of locations.  For  example,  almost  exclusively energy-saving LED lighting is used when setting up Sixt stations.

| Energy  Objective  Activities  Performance indicator  Continuous improvement of energy efficiency  Implementation of measures and monitoring of energy  efficiency measures  Implementation of energy audits  Raising awareness of energy-saving measures among  employees  Total energy consumption   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Sixt SE's total energy consumption in Germany in 2020 was 19.1 gigawatt hours (GWh) according to the TÜV Süd energy audit. This is a significant improvement compared to 2016 (penultimate complete survey), when Sixt consumed 26.3 GWh of energy in Germany; this corresponds to an average annual improvement of 7.7 %. The electricity for locations where Sixt can decide on the purchase was obtained entirely from renewable energy sources ('green electricity').

In addition to improving energy efficiency, Sixt has set itself the  goal  of  continuously  optimising  its  water  consumption. This affects both administration and operations. Despite more employees returning to the office, the company headquarters achieved water consumption of around 3.0 m 3  per employee in  2022,  which  was  well  below  the  7.9  m 3   per  employee  in 2019.

Sixt washes its vehicles at its own car washes at the airports in Frankfurt and Cologne, for example. By using water recovery systems, up to 85% of the wash water can be reused. The average amount of (fresh) water used for vehicle cleaning is about  150  litres  per  wash.  By  using  water  reclamation,  the amount of fresh water used can be reduced to about 25 litres, and about 125 litres are recycled. Likewise, dry washing already saves up to 150 litres of water per vehicle cleaning at many Sixt locations.

| Water consumption per employee at company headquarters  in m 3  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  3.0  3.5  3.6  7.9  8.6   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Sixt is also consistently converting the printing and dispatch of rental  agreements and invoices to electronic document dispatch. For example, Sixt had already largely discontinued the printing and dispatch of paper rental agreements in Germany in financial year 2019.

Regular monitoring of resource consumption takes place with the  ISO  environmental  management  system  DIN  EN  ISO 14001:2015.

## 3.4 CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

Sixt permanently analyses customer satisfaction. After each use of a product or service, customers are asked by e-mail to assess the service provided and to give a quantitative evaluation.  The  two  questions  'How  satisfied  were  you  with  the rental?' and 'Would you recommend Sixt?' are of great importance to the result?' Customers can rate their satisfaction on a scale from one (dissatisfied) to five (very satisfied). Supplementary and explanatory information is also possible. Sixt derives optimisation measures from this information, such as changing the staffing of work shifts to reduce waiting times for customers, or targeted training measures for employees.

The  global  customer  satisfaction  score  for  Sixt's  car  rental business, the Customer Excitement Score (CES), reached an average of 4.42 points on the one to five scale in 2022. The score was thus at the level before the pandemic.

| Customer satisfaction  2022  2021  2020  2019  Customer Excitement Score (CES)  1 = dissatisfied, 5 = very satisfied  4.42  4.38  4.40  4.42   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The highest satisfaction score of 4.56 points was achieved by Sixt in Italy and Spain. As the market returns to normal and customer demand for vehicles stabilises, satisfaction scores are rising again, reflecting Sixt's ambition to get as close to the highest score of 5.0 as possible.

## Product quality and safety

The Sixt vehicle fleet is comprised of high-quality vehicles of all categories. Safety aspects play a very important role in the selection of manufacturers and models. During operations, the vehicles are permanently subjected to visual inspections and undergo  scheduled  maintenance.  The  vehicles  are  also checked for possible damage after each return. In addition, time-based, kilometre-based and ad-hoc recalls (e.g. recall by the manufacturer) ensure the safety and high quality of the vehicles.  Sixt  is  not  aware  of  any  cases  of  health  or  safety impairments in which the company was accused of disregarding compliance with safety standards.

Depending on the vehicle type, the vehicles are equipped with modern assistance systems such as automatic distance and lane keeping functions, blind spot warning or a rear view camera. A personal handover usually takes place with trucks, during which the special dimensions of the vehicles are specifically pointed out. In addition to this, Sixt offers a range of protection services for all aspects of driving.

## 3.5 DATA PROTECTION &amp; IT SECURITY

Networking and digitalisation play an important role in future mobility. The advantages are offset by increased risks for the protection  of  personal  rights  and  data  security.  Minimising such risks  and  protecting  those  of  customers  and  business partners and dealing with them responsibly is extremely important to Sixt. Sixt SE therefore has a comprehensive concept of IT security measures oriented to the relevant industry standards. As part of this, Sixt has established organisational and technical measures to comprehensively protect the operational  security  of  its  information  technology  (IT)  systems, products and customer data. Sixt SE is aware of its responsibility for protecting its customers' and business partners' data. The  company  has  therefore  established  organisational  and technical  measures  to  comprehensively  protect  the  operational security of its information technology (IT) systems, products and customer data.

The information security organisation, consisting of an Information Security Officer (ISO), information security managers and security specialists in IT, is constantly working to improve protective measures, to ward off cyber-attacks, for example. The organisational measures implemented include companywide information security policies, regular audits and security awareness training  for  employees.  The  technical  measures implemented include regular so-called penetration tests (simulated attacks on IT systems to discover vulnerabilities), 'bug bounty programmes' for external hackers (identification of security gaps) and the use of powerful security software in the working  and  development  environment  of  the  IT  systems. Across  industries,  2022  saw  an  increase  in  the  number  of cyber-attacks by third parties on companies' IT systems, with the goal of causing damage or spying on data to monetise it.

At the end of April, Sixt SE's IT security identified IT irregularities  and  immediately  initiated  countermeasures  in  accordance with pre-planned security protocols. This confirmed that Sixt SE had been exposed to a cyber-attack, which the IT specialists were able to successfully fend off through the rapid implementation of countermeasures. As a result of the security precautions taken by deliberately shutting down IT infrastructure,  there  were  short-term  disruptions  in  customer  centres and branches; however, the systems essential to the rental business, such as websites and apps, could be operated without interruption. Sixt was in contact with the relevant authorities  and  fulfilled  its  reporting  obligations  in  accordance  with legal requirements.

With regard to data protection, Sixt takes the utmost care and fulfils  its  responsibility  with  regard  to  the  protection  of  customer and business partner data without restrictions. In addition,  employees received continuous activity-related training with regard to data protection regulations.

## 3.6 SOCIAL ENGAGEMENT

Regine Sixt Children's Aid Foundation has been supporting children's aid projects worldwide for more than twenty years with the goal of improving the living conditions of children and young people in the long term. Founded in 2000, the non-profit Regine Sixt Children's Aid e.V. was converted into a non-profit foundation in 2010. Since the Regine Sixt Children's Aid Foundation was founded, more than 300 projects in more than 60 countries have been supported in the areas of education, welfare, health and emergency aid.

In addition to the founder and CEO Regine Sixt, her two sons, the Co-CEOs of Sixt SE, Alexander Sixt and Konstantin Sixt, and Dr. Julian zu Putlitz and Dr. Andrew Mountstephens are actively involved in the organisation. Dr. Brigitte  Mohn, Dr. Daniel Terberger and Prof. Dr. Peter Biberthaler support the foundation on the Foundation Advisory Board chaired by Prof. Dr. Marcus Englert.

In the past year, one focus of the foundation's work was on supporting Ukrainian children and their families. In addition to the transport of aid and refugees, as well as food donations, initial reception facilities were also equipped, play areas set up,  school  materials  made  available  and  various  measures implemented to integrate Ukrainian children in Germany.

After Hurricane Ian devastated large areas of Florida, the Regine Sixt Children's Aid Foundation also provided immediate emergency aid here. Together with Sixt employees in the US, the  respective  families  were  provided  with  emergency  supplies. In addition, further projects to rebuild facilities for children in the region are already being planned.

Relevant projects were also implemented in the areas of education, welfare and health. For example, the foundation supports the Kenyan village of Kinakoni together with Welthungerhilfe and the stern foundation. Together with the villagers and start-up companies from Nairobi, new solutions to combat hunger are being sought in Kinakoni. The Regine Sixt Children's Aid Foundation is financing the renovation of the dilapidated  school  and  will  accompany  the  project  for  several years.

In Bamenda, Cameroon, the Regine Sixt Children's Aid Foundation  is  also  financing  the  construction  of  multifunctional shelters for children who have fled the conflicts in Cameroon and Chad.

The intensive support for projects in Israel is also being continued. For example, the purchase of new medical equipment for the St John Eye Hospital in Jerusalem and the conversion and equipment of the clinic for the treatment of special eye diseases in children were supported.

In implementing the projects, the Regine Sixt Children's Aid Foundation works closely with leading aid organisations such as Malteser Hilfsdienst, Johanniter Unfallhilfe, Habitat for Humanity, Jerusalem Foundation and many other organisations.

In addition to the usual project work, many local initiatives are pursued - also with the extensive support of Sixt employees worldwide. In addition to Easter and Christmas visits from children's wards in numerous hospitals and other institutions, the traditional  children's  festival  was  finally  able  to  take  place again this year. On this day, the Regine Sixt Children's Aid Foundation invites needy and sick children to the Oktoberfest in Munich.

Sixt Group also enables all Sixt employees to get involved in supporting children's aid projects one day a year during working hours as part of DRYING LITTLE TEARS Day.

The foundation is the official Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) programme of Sixt SE worldwide.

## 3.7 EMPLOYEE MATTERS

Sixt places great importance on being an attractive employer for its employees. To achieve this, the company wants to offer the entire workforce the most pleasant working environment possible and strengthen cohesion to a great extent. Important components of this are the active involvement of employees in  operational  decisions,  responsibility  for  the  safety  and health of employees and fair and opportunity-preserving cooperation.

<!-- image -->

| Employer attractiveness target  Activities  Performance indicator  Increase attractiveness of Sixt as an employer and employer  of choice  Continuous further development of a global employer  branding concept  Expansion and digitalisation of Feel Good Management  Satisfaction measure in surveying employees  Fluctuation rate  Number of areas with Feel Good Management support  Increasing the work-life balance of employees  Expansion of programmes to strengthen the work-life  balance  Ratio of employees on a trust-based working time basis  Maintain a high level of employee satisfaction  Regularly conducting and evaluating employee satisfaction  surveys and deriving potential need for action from the  results of the survey  Satisfaction measure in surveying employees  Fluctuation rate   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Employee surveys

Sixt attaches great importance to living an open and transparent feedback culture and actively involving employees in operational decisions. For this reason, global surveys are conducted twice a year,  in  which  employees  can  rate  both  the company and their managers and make suggestions for improvement. The results provide important impetus for the development  of  measures  to  increase  employee  satisfaction. This was of great importance, especially in 2022, in order to counteract the shortage of skilled  workers  through  targeted employee retention  measures.  Details  are  discussed  in  the Human Resources Report.

Sixt employed an average of 7,509 people in the 2022 reporting year, compared to 6,399 in the previous period. Of these, 3,023 were employed in the Germany segment, 2,768 in the Europe segment and 1,308 in the North America segment.

In 2022, the survey was conducted in April and November. On average, 64% (2021: 68%) of employees took part in the survey. On a scale of one to four, employees can rate whether they would like to continue their employment at Sixt, whether they would recommend Sixt as an employer and how satisfied they are with their manager. Concrete measures are derived based on the feedback. The exact results and the measures derived from them are presented in more detail in the Human Resources Report.

Another important part of the feedback culture is the new process 'Perform.Grow.Excite!' which replaced the original annual employee appraisals at the end of 2022. Details on this can also be found in the Human Resources Report.

## Health and safety

The  EHS  (Employee  Health  and  Security)  team  is  an  important part of the Human Resources department. It has the task  of  initiating  all  appropriate  measures  for  the  (health)

protection of both employees and customers. In doing so, the committee  not  only  implements  the  legal  requirements,  but also  makes numerous recommendations on preventive and response measures.

Sixt  practices  a  comprehensive  occupational  safety  policy throughout the Group. A significant part of this is devoted to prevention: safety specialists, occupational physicians and internal occupational safety coordinators carry out regular site inspections. In the year under review, evacuation drills were also carried out at all locations in Germany in order to be prepared for emergencies. Due to the digitalisation of the documentation  of  work  accidents  and  near-accidents  that  took place in 2022, there is now analysable data that makes it possible to identify common causes of accidents and - where possible - to remedy them. Sixt trains its employees on giving first aid and acting as fire protection assistants and safety officers beyond the number required by law in companies. In addition, there are e-learning courses on occupational safety and fire protection for the entire workforce.

Sixt offers a regular range of preventive check-ups and counselling as part of site visits and weekly online consultations; this  also  includes  psychological  counselling  by  trained  staff who can be reached at any time via an emergency number.

In addition, a global health week was implemented for the first time in 2022, during which employees had the opportunity to learn  about  back  health,  nutrition  and  relaxation  in  various courses. In addition, various sports units such as yoga, Pilates and health checks took place.

Yoga classes that complement the digital sports offerings have been taking place twice a  week at headquarters in  Pullach since November 2022.

## Support for employees in Ukraine

With the escalation of the crisis situation in the Ukraine at the beginning of the reporting year, the company's highest priority was to ensure the safety of the employees based there. By reacting  early,  the  employees  and  their  immediate  families who wished to leave were brought out of the crisis areas in good time. A specially set up task force was available to the employees at all times to provide support with the relocation. Relatives were granted special leave to support their families.

## Employee promotion

Sixt's success as a company depends to a decisive degree on the knowledge, skills and commitment of its employees. Sixt expects its employees to act on their own responsibility, to permanently improve Sixt's services and to meet the changing mobility needs of its customers. That is why the Group is committed to a culture that focuses on the people who work for Sixt.  The  company  is  committed  to  consistently  awakening and  promoting  the  talents  of  its  employees,  to  adequately rewarding their commitment and to applying uniform principles to remuneration that exclude any form of discrimination.

For this reason, Sixt offers an extensive training programme. In the reporting year, this was expanded to include the digital systems  SIXTgrow,  LinkedIn  Learning  and  Smartrecruiters, which give employees the opportunity to develop themselves independently and to learn about career opportunities inside the company.

The training  and  further  education  offered  at  Sixt  is  also  of particular importance. In 2022, all employees (100%) participated in at least one training event. A total of 192,760 (2021: 66,729) hours of training were given, of which 112,988 (2021: 43,813) hours were in the context of e-learning programmes and 79,772 (2021: 22,916) hours in workshops. With an average number of 7,509 employees (2021: 6,399) in 2022, 25.7 (2021: 10.4) training hours were given per employee.

| Employee promotion and development  Activities  Performance indicator  Further development of the professional expertise of  employees and managers  Demand-oriented, target audience-specific, digital and  analogue learning formats  Number of training courses and number of participants  Further development of remuneration models  Regular evaluation and improvement of the employee  participation programmes  ./.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Career and family

Sixt shows great flexibility with regard to the compatibility of work and family. In 2022, 5.5% (2021: 5.4%) of female employees and 1.8% (2021: 2.0%) of male employees in Europe were on parental leave. In order to give parents the opportunity to give their children an insight into their work, a children's day was held in December 2022 at the headquarters in Germany, Italy, France, Austria and Switzerland as well as at the  Sixt  Service  Centre  in  Rostock.  Employees  on  parental leave  were  also  invited  to  give  them  the  opportunity  to  exchange ideas with their colleagues and to revive old contacts.

## Diversity, inclusion and equal opportunities

Sixt  attaches  great  importance  to  promoting  employees  regardless of gender, age, religion or origin. The best candidate for each position to be filled is hired. In the event of equal qualifications, attention is paid to increasing diversity, which Sixt sees as an important building block for success due to the more  diverse  experiences,  expertise  and  more  creative approaches. For the further development of diversity, Sixt has committed itself to the 'Diversity Charter.' This charter is a voluntary commitment published in 2006 by major German companies that advocates a prejudice-free working environment. In the meantime, many other companies have joined this initiative to show appreciation for and develop diversity within organisations.

An important instrument for promoting diversity and integrating individual strengths into work and business processes at Sixt is the company's internal diversity network DiverSIXTy, which  is  intended  to  support  the  development  of  a  diverse company  culture.  Through  specifically  organised  activities, training and panel discussions as well as by naming trustworthy  contacts  and  through  constant  target  audience  support, Sixt consciously focuses on strengthening a respectful, appreciative and tolerant working environment.

<!-- image -->

In addition, a major focus was placed on the promotion of female talent in the company in the year under review. The 'Female Career Tandem' mentoring programme, which was already established in Germany, was rolled out globally, creating an international women's network. In addition, a 'Female Leadership Circle' was set up to promote exchange between employees at management level. In the year under review, Sixt made it possible to work remotely outside of the office, with up to 50% of the working time being able to be spent as 'mobile work' in positions that technically allow this.

Relevant key figures and further information on the employee development programmes, the basic features of the remuneration system and the employee share ownership programme can be found in the chapters 'Human Resources Report' and 'Corporate Governance Declaration.'

| Personnel structure at Sixt worldwide in 2022  Gender ratio  Women: 43 %  Men: 57%  Age of managers  up to 30 years  31 to 50 years  over 50 years  35%  52%  13%  Average age  34.9 years  Number of nationalities of Sixt employees  (excluding the US, where recording nationalities is restricted for legal reasons)  110   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Personnel structure at Sixt worldwide  as at 31 December 2022  Women  Men  Total  by working time models 1  3,258  4,454  7,712  Full-time  2,665  4,167  6,832  Part-time  593  287  880  by contract type 2  3,412  4,487  7,899  Permanent  3,255  4,205  7,460  Temporary  157  282  439  by region (yearly average)  3,205  4,304  7,509  Germany  1,333  1,690  3,023  Europe  1,201  1,567  2,768  North America  595  713  1,308  Other  76  334  410   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 Values refer to all employees with active employment status
- 2 Values refer to all employees with existing employment contract

In 2019, Sixt comprehensively analysed the salary structure of all employees and determined as a result that there are no gender-dependent differences in remuneration between comparable positions. Since then, the salary payments have been compared annually with the reference values (internal guidelines, market and industry standards) for the respective hierarchical levels and job profiles. If there are significant downward deviations, Sixt closes these gaps.

Since 2019, all employees who are employed by Sixt in Germany have been offered a company pension scheme in the form of direct insurance, which can be used with flexible contribution amounts within tax- and social security-free limits for old-age  provision  and  occupational  disability  insurance.  All employees employed by Sixt in Germany are eligible, regardless of whether they are employed full-time or part-time, on a temporary or permanent basis.

| Management structure at Sixt worldwide 1  Gender quota (C-1 and C-2)  Women: 29 %  Men: 71%  Age of managers  up to 30 years  31 to 50 years  over 50 years  1%  83%  16%  Average age  42.6 years  Number of women on the Supervisory Board  25%  Number of nationalities of Sixt executives  12   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1        Information on the two management levels below the Management Board (C-Level)

An audit in accordance with the German Remuneration Transparency Act (Entgelttransparenzgesetz) in 2019 did not reveal any  gaps  at  Sixt  outside  the  narrow  tolerance  range.  Independently of this, Sixt carries out an annual comparison of position-related  salary  levels  using  reference  figures  derived from salary groups, job categories and market and industry standards.  Any  remuneration  differences  identified  in  the course of this analysis are then closed. Sixt employees are not covered by collective agreements.

Relevant key figures and further information on the employee development programmes, the basic features of the remuneration system and the employee share ownership programme can be found in the chapters 'Human Resources Report' and 'Corporate Governance Declaration.'

## 3.8 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE, COMPLIANCE &amp; TRANSPARENCY

The success of Sixt Group is based not only on its strong business policies, but also on the economic integrity and trust that customers,  suppliers,  shareholders  and  business  partners place in the Group. To win and retain this trust, it is a precondition that the Management Board and the employees comply with the high standards of legislation, ethics and social skills in  every  situation  and  constantly.  The  Code  of  Conduct  of Sixt SE and its affiliated companies, which is mandatory for all employees, defines these behavioural principles for the acting individuals' dealings in relation to third parties and within the company. The Management Board of Sixt SE defines its clear expectations of ethical and lawful conduct by all employees and business partners in this Code of Conduct and thereby establishes the so-called 'Tone from the Top.'

This Code of Conduct is agreed upon with all employees when they first join the company as a binding element of the employment relationship and can also be accessed at any time via  the  Intranet  as  well  as  on  the  Sixt  SE  website  at about.sixt.com under the heading 'Responsibility.'

In addition to the general requirements and expectations for integrity  and  law-abiding  compliance,  the  Code  of  Conduct also contains specific and more detailed information and specifications  on  individual  areas  of  compliance.  These  refer  in particular  to  anti-corruption  regulations,  the  granting  of  advantages, donations and sponsoring, questions on anti-trust legislation, money laundering prevention, data protection as well as capital market law.

These generally applicable specifications are supplemented by specific implementation requirements, which come in the form of detailed individual instructions, as well as by independent compliance control loops (tax compliance and data protection, for example).

A Group-wide compliance organisation has been established to ensure that all ethical and legal requirements adopted by the  Management Board are known and implemented within the Group. These comprise various individual functions and are  based  on  the  well-known  Three-lines-of-defence-model: besides the operational departments that are primarily responsible for implementation, the Compliance Officer, the Legal, Tax and Internal Controls departments are responsible for the effectiveness of the compliance processes in a coordinating or advisory capacity. As an independent auditing instance, the Group's Internal Audit body verifies the appropriateness and effectiveness of  the compliance  organisation as well as the implementation of and adherence to compliance requirements as part of its risk-oriented audits.

In  addition  to  the  standards  and  processes  defined  in  this manner, special training seminars on specific topics are held on sensitive areas together with important partners. In selecting its business partners, Sixt pays close attention to whether

<!-- image -->

its  partners  comply  with  the  same  standards  as  defined  in Sixt's Code of Conduct and has developed a separate Code of Conduct for suppliers and service providers for this purpose.

To be made aware of potential compliance violations, Sixt provides different reporting channels. Information can be brought to the compliance organization via the supervisor, the internal Compliance Officer, the external ombudsman or a platform accessible  to  external  stakeholders  (whistleblower  system  on the Sixt SE website at about.sixt.com in the 'Responsibility' section).  Sixt  has  taken  precautions  to  ensure  that  notifications to the Ombudsman can be made anonymously and that the anonymity of whistleblowers can be strictly preserved in order to reduce the fear of repression for the reporting persons and thus lower the reporting threshold. In the event of relevant notifications, the Ombudsman and the Compliance Officer discuss and decide on the measures to be taken. In addition, the Compliance Officer is in regular contact with the Management Board, reports to the respective departments on the current compliance situation or individual transactions and provides support on developing and implementing preventive measures.

Sixt reviews the functionality and appropriateness of the compliance organisation at regular intervals and, if necessary, implements the necessary changes or additions as quickly as possible,  due  to  changing  regulations,  market  conditions  or new internal structures, for example.

Relevant business transactions are investigated regularly for possible suspicions of bribery and corruption.

All Sixt companies and business areas are audited regularly and based on the risks by the auditors as part of audits. All particularly sensitive functions are trained in relation to corruption risks. As part of the risk assessment, no significant risks were identified that go beyond the usual risks associated with B2B business.

| Corporate Governance and Compliance  Objective  Activities  Performance indicator  Sensitisation of employees to compliance issues  Regular review of the Code of Conduct  Integration of further compliance requirements into the  Code of Conduct as required  Obligation of employees, franchise and agency partners to  comply with the Code of Conduct, extended behavioural  guidelines in particularly sensitive business areas  ▪  Certified environmental responsibility  ▪  Compliance audits  ▪  Compliance  Compliance organisation  Implementation of an internal governance structure  according to the Three Lines of Defence model  Compliance audits by the internal audit department, among  others  ▪  Supplier audit  ▪  Supply chain transparency  ▪  Anti-corruption measures  ▪  Whistleblowing  ▪  Stand-alone programme Whistleblower Protection  ▪  Anti-corruption programme  ▪  Communication Ombudsperson   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Supply chain

External service providers and suppliers also make an important contribution to Sixt's value creation. They are carefully selected according to commercial and ecological aspects as well as compliance with legal requirements and social standards. As an internationally active company, Sixt is fully committed to respecting human rights and corresponding legal regulations at home and abroad. The Group is committed to respecting and promoting  human  rights  in  accordance  with  the  wording  of  the UN Global Compact and to reporting transparently on the results of its actions.

Furthermore, Sixt contractually obliges its franchise and agency partners to comply with high social standards and to act with integrity in accordance with ethical principles. In Germany, among other topics, compliance with the Minimum Wage Act and the application of collective agreements for temporary employment are selection criteria for employing temporary workers.

The most important purchasing item at Sixt is vehicles, which account  for  the  vast  majority  of  the  goods  and  services  purchased. With regard to these manufacturers, Sixt has analysed the possible risks from a sustainability perspective in the value

chain. The respective information and statements are included in the selection of purchased products. Thus, Sixt decides not only based on the criteria of safety, price, quality and delivery reliability, but also takes the results of the risk analysis, in particular on human rights and labour rights, at the respective suppliers into account.

In 2022, Sixt sourced close to three-quarters of its vehicles from European  (environmentally certified) manufacturers.  These companies subject their upstream supply chain to extensive auditing and monitoring. This also includes preventive measures such  as  contractual  obligations  to  comply  with  environmental and social standards, human rights as well as management systems for occupational health and safety and environmental protection. The basic prerequisite for awarding any contract is compliance with the specified sustainability requirements. These requirements  are  verified  through  various  measures  such  as audits. The manufacturers sometimes also select their primary products under strict sustainability criteria - for example, when sourcing sustainable, certified natural rubber and rayon, a woodbased material used to reinforce tyres. The above-mentioned manufacturers have had their (production) sites certified according to the environmental management standard ISO 14001:15.

With  regard  to  the  purchase  of  other  products  and  services, around 80% of suppliers were based in the European Union, another 7% in European non-EU countries and 11% in non-European industrialised countries in 2022.

Here, the risk of environmental protection, human rights and labour law violations on the part of suppliers is very low - with a limited  scope of auditing at Sixt. Only 2% of Sixt's purchases came  from  non-European,  non-industrialised  countries;  here, too, more frequent random checks did not reveal any suspected cases of the aforementioned violations.

In the year under review, Sixt developed suitable programs and took  all  necessary  measures  to  fully  comply  with  the  Supply Chain Due Diligence Act (LkSG), which has been in force since January 1, 2023.

Sixt  takes  social  and  ecological  concerns  into  account  when monitoring the supply chain. The suppliers' handling of human rights and the environment is evaluated; Sixt makes selection decisions accordingly. A key tool for making supply chains more sustainable is Sixt's Code of Conduct for suppliers and service providers. The goal is to oblige all business partners to comply with it. Sixt expects that the obligations and standards from the

Code of Conduct will also be passed on to the business partner's suppliers. By raising awareness and committing the contractual partners, specific rules are created to implement human rights and  relevant  environmental  concerns  throughout  the  supply chain. To this end, Sixt checks its suppliers on a risk-based basis and will make use of appropriate control mechanisms such as the right to information or on-site inspections. Depending on the risk identified, further measures are applied, such as agreeing special rights of termination, regular exchange with suppliers, agreeing special action plans or conducting individual training courses.

Sixt measures its entrepreneurial actions with regard to the protection of human and labour rights against central agreements such as the International Human Rights Charter, the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights, the ten principles of the UN Global Compact, and the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at work and its follow-up, the ILO core labour standards or the OECD guidelines for multinational companies.

## Codes of Conduct

In order to ensure compliance with legal requirements as well as moral and ethical standards, the Management Board of Sixt SE has adopted a number of behavioural guidelines and standards. Since franchise and agency partners are perceived as representatives of Sixt, the company regularly sensitises employees as well as franchise and agency partners to the topic of compliance.

Against this backdrop, the Group-wide Code of Conduct plays an important role. Employees and key business partners (franchisees, agency partners) have undertaken to comply with this Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct regulates behaviour internally  and  towards  business  partners  and  third  parties,  the principles of the working environment, the handling of conflicts of interest, assets and facilities of Sixt, the handling of intellectual property of third parties and the handling of confidential information as well as a clear commitment to human rights, environmental protection and social responsibility.

The Code of Conduct also describes various, also anonymous, reporting channels for whistleblowers with regard to violations of rules.  These  general  rules  are  operationalised  by  specific  instructions and further specified by extended behavioural instructions for particularly sensitive areas.

## Anti-corruption rules

Sixt formulates clear expectations regarding the correct behaviour  of  its  employees  and  ensures that business relationships are only maintained with those customers and business partners whose business activities are in accordance with legal regulations and whose financial resources are of legal origin. At the same time, Sixt obliges and trains its employees and business partners with regard to strict compliance with anti-corruption requirements. The same applies to ensuring behaviour with integrity  with  regard to competition agreements. Both the management and Sixt employees are trained regularly and sensitised with regard to these requirements.

## Governmental funding measures

Programmes intended to mitigate the consequences of measures to combat the corona pandemic were used in financial year 2022. Government grants received in this context as part of the use of short-time work and similar instruments amounting to  EUR 977 thousand (2021:  EUR 9,963 thousand) were deducted directly from personnel expenses. Standard subsidy programmes (e.g. the BAFA bonus in Germany) were used for electrified vehicles and charging infrastructure.

## 4. EU TAXONOMY

## 4.1 BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES OF THE REGULATION

A key objective of the European Union's Sustainable Growth Financing Action Plan is to redirect capital flows towards sustainable investments and ensure market transparency. To achieve this goal, the Commission called for the creation of an EU classification system for sustainable economic activities (EU Taxonomy).

Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (hereinafter the Taxonomy Regulation, EU Taxonomy or Taxonomy) was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 22 June 2020 and entered into force on 12 July 2020. It aims to define which economic activities are to be considered environmentally sustainable. It is an important legal instrument to enable and expand sustainable investments and thus implement the European Green Deal. The Taxonomy  Regulation  classifies  environmentally  sustainable economic activities on the basis of technical assessment criteria set out in the Commission's delegated acts to this Regulation. The first  delegated  act  establishing  the  technical  assessment criteria for economic activities that make a significant contribution  to  climate  change  mitigation  and  adaptation  was adopted on 4 June 2021.

As a company that is required to issue a Non-Financial (Group) Declaration pursuant to Section 289b (3) and Section 315b (3) of the German Commercial Code (HGB), Sixt must disclose information on how and to what extent its activities are linked to economic activities that are to be classified as environmentally sustainable economic activities under the EU Taxonomy in accordance with Article 8 (1) of the Taxonomy Regulation.

Article 8 (2) sets out the key performance indicators ('KPIs') in relation to revenues, capital expenditure ('CapEx') and operating expenditure ('OpEx') that Sixt must disclose. The disclosure requirements are specified in another delegated act.

After making use of the simplification option for reporting exclusively on taxonomy eligibility last year, Sixt is reporting for the first time in financial year 2022 the share of revenue from products or services in connection with Taxonomy-aligned activities and the share of capital expenditure (CapEx) and operating expenses (OpEx) from assets or processes related to Taxonomyaligned activities.

## 4.2 TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES

In the financial year, Sixt identified the following economic activities as Taxonomy-eligible and aligned within the meaning of the Taxonomy Regulation in connection with the first two environmental  goals  of  climate  protection  and  adaptation  to  climate change:

- \ \ 6.5 Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles
- \ \ 6.6 Freight transport services by road

Other economic activities related to individual investments were considered separately. An economic activity is Taxonomy-eligible if it is covered by the Delegated Acts. For the consideration of Taxonomy eligibility, it doesn't matter whether the economic activity fulfils all technical assessment criteria set out in the Delegated Acts.

## 4.3 TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES

In order for an economic activity to be classified as ecologically sustainable or as 'taxonomy-aligned,' the activity must meet all

the  technical  evaluation  criteria  in  addition  to  the  description. These evaluation criteria consist of the criteria for a significant contribution  and  the  DNSH  criteria  ('do  no  significant  harm'). Furthermore, the minimum protection criteria specified in the EU Taxonomy Regulation must be observed. Only the 'climate protection' environmental target was identified as relevant. The further analyses presented below were therefore limited to Annex I of the delegated act relating to climate goals.

## Significant contribution

In order to find out whether the economic activities identified as Taxonomy-eligible make a significant contribution, Sixt looked at the criteria within Annex I and analysed which vehicles met the listed criteria.

Certain emission limit values must be complied with as part of the fulfilment of the essential contribution. 11.2% of Sixt's vehicles comply with this limit.

## Do no significant harm

In  order  to  achieve  Taxonomy  alignment,  economic  activities must not only make a significant contribution to at least one of the environmental goals, but must also not significantly impair the other five environmental goals. Depending on the respective economic activity, there are criteria for the other five environmental goals that must be met. For the economic activities relevant to Sixt '6.5 Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles' and '6.6 Freight transport services by road,' there are criteria for the environmental goals 'Adaptation to  climate  change,'  'Transition  to  a  circular  economy'  and 'Avoidance and reduction of environmental pollution.'

The following checks were carried out in connection with the environmental goals:

A climate risk and vulnerability analysis in accordance with Appendix A of Annex I was carried out for the relevant regions for the environmental goal of 'adapting to climate change.' To assess the climate risks, the various climate scenarios (RCP scenarios) 2.6, 4.5 and 8.5 were analysed and evaluated with reference to the years 2030, 2050 and 2100. Taking adjustment solutions into account, Sixt is not left with any significant risk that could negatively affect the economic activities identified.

The recyclability and reusability of the vehicles were considered and analysed for the environmental goal 'transition to a circular economy.' Since Sixt does not manufacture the vehicles itself, there is no influence on reusability, recyclability and usability.

The  Taxonomy  requires  waste  management  measures  to  be consistent with the waste hierarchy. Since the average holding period is six months and most of the vehicles are resold or returned to the manufacturer, it can be assumed that this DNSH criterion will be met.

In order to meet the requirements of the environmental target 'Avoidance and reduction of environmental pollution,' analyses were carried out with regard to the emission limit values of the vehicles and a detailed analysis of the tyres. The tyre requirements described in Annex I could not be met. The vehicles are delivered to Sixt with tyres and the decision on the tyres for the vehicles lies with the respective supplier (OEM). Furthermore, the availability of tyres that meet both the strict requirements for external rolling noise and the criteria for the rolling resistance coefficient is currently still very limited. Since Sixt does not have any detailed information about the respective tyres on the vehicles, a random analysis of the rental fleet was carried out and the data collected was compared with the information from the European Product Database for Energy Consumption Labelling (EPREL). The analysis revealed that all the criteria for Taxonomy alignment were only met in individual cases. It remains to be seen how the availability of Taxonomy-aligned tyres will develop on the market and what influence Sixt will be able to exert on vehicle tyres in the future. Converting the tyres to this extent does not currently make ecological or economic sense.

## Compliance with minimum safeguards

Compliance with the minimum safeguards (Article 18 of the Taxonomy Regulation) is another prerequisite for an economic activity to be able to be Taxonomy-aligned. In this context, companies must implement appropriate processes and procedures that avoid negative influences on or violations of the following four subject areas in particular: Human rights (incl. labour and consumer rights), taxation, corruption and bribery and (fair) competition. As part of the review at Group level, there were no indications of a violation or non-compliance.

To this end, Sixt has set up processes and procedures that ensure compliance with these requirements through an appropriate risk assessment and the definition of specific countermeasures. In addition to internal guidelines and systems and a corresponding  supplier  selection  process,  this  also  includes  the commitment of our suppliers and relevant partners to recognised standards, the introduction of a complaint procedure and regular checks.

## 4.4 DETERMINATION OF THE TAXONOMY KEY FIGURES

The determination of the Taxonomy key figures and the reporting on Sixt's Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned economic activities takes place in accordance with the Delegated Act on the disclosure requirements. The ratios to be determined are the shares of Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned revenue, capital expenditure and operating expenditure.

Double counting is avoided when determining the revenue, investment and operating expenditure ratios by using accounting data. For data that could not be clearly assigned, suitable allocation keys were used to include them in the calculation.

## 4.5 SALES REVENUES

The revenue share referred to in Article 8 (2) (a) of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 is calculated as the part of net revenue in goods or  services,  including  intangibles,  linked  to  Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned economic activities (numerator) divided by net revenue (denominator) within the meaning of point 5 of Article 2 of Directive 2013/34/EU.

In order to determine the revenues that Sixt generates with Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned economic activities, we have analysed the consolidated revenues in an initial step to determine which of the economic activities covered by the Taxonomy are relevant for Sixt. These are the activities 6.5 and 6.6. and in each case the rental of vehicles. For the economic activities identified, the net sales revenues for financial year 2022 (numerator) were determined and set in relation to the sales revenues of Sixt reported in the income statement (denominator).

See Income statement (revenue)

## 4.6 CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

Capital expenditure (CapEx) within the meaning of the EU Taxonomy comprises  additions  to  property,  plant  and  equipment and intangible assets during the financial year under review before  depreciation  and  revaluations,  including  those  resulting from revaluations and impairments for the financial year in question and excluding changes in fair value. This also includes additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets resulting  from  business  combinations.  Capital  expenditure  includes costs incurred on the basis of IFRS Standards IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment, paragraph 73, subparagraph (e), item (i) and item (iii), IAS 38 Intangible Assets, paragraph 118, subparagraph (e), item (i), IAS 40 Investment Property, paragraph 79(d), items (i) and (ii) (for the cost model), and IFRS 16 Leases, paragraph 53, item (h).

Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned investment expenditure can relate to assets or processes associated with Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned economic activities, or be part of a plan to expand Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned economic activities or transform Taxonomy-eligible  economic  activities  into  Taxonomy-aligned economic activities, or relate to the purchase of products from Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned economic activities and individual measures that carry out the target activities in a low-carbon manner or reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

In order to determine Sixt's Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned capital expenditures, we have analysed the additions in the reporting year in a first step to determine what portion of them is related to the Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned economic activities 6.5 and 6.6. The major part of our rental fleet is reported under current assets (see 4.17 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements) due to the average holding period of less than one year under IFRS. Due to the direct economic connection with  our  Taxonomy-eligible  revenue,  the  investments  in  the rental fleet were included in the analysis.

In the case of investments that cannot be clearly allocated (e.g. buildings), the Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned capital expenditure was determined using appropriate allocation keys based on cost centres.

See Notes: Fixed assets movement schedule (additions) + additions of rental vehicles (4.15)

In addition, capital expenditures from the purchase of products from Taxonomy-eligible economic activities and the implementation of individual measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions  were  taken  into  account,  in  particular  the  installation  of charging stations for electric and hybrid vehicles in buildings in connection with economic activity 7.4. The Taxonomy-eligible capital  expenditures  (numerator)  determined  in  this  manner were set in relation to the total capital expenditures (denominator) shown in the appendix. The Taxonomy alignment of these investments could not be analysed conclusively, as we did not have the relevant evidence from the manufacturer.

There were no capital expenditures that are part of a plan to expand Taxonomy-eligible economic activities or to convert Taxonomy-eligible economic activities into Taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the reporting year.

## 4.7 OPERATING EXPENSES

Operating Expenditure (OpEx) for the purposes of the EU Taxonomy includes direct, non-capitalised costs relating to research and  development,  building  refurbishment,  short-term  leasing, maintenance and repair, and any other direct expenditure associated with the day-to-day maintenance of tangible fixed assets that is necessary to ensure their functionality. The Taxonomyeligible and -aligned operating expenditure can relate to assets or  processes  associated  with  taxonomy-eligible  and  aligned economic activities, or be part of a plan to expand Taxonomyeligible  economic  activities  or  to  transform  Taxonomy-eligible economic activities into Taxonomy-aligned economic activities, or relate to the purchase of products from taxonomy-eligible and -aligned    economic  activities  and  to  individual  measures  that carry out the target activities in a low-carbon manner or reduce greenhouse gas emissions, as well as to individual building renovation measures.

In order to determine Sixt's Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned operating expenses, we first analysed the expenses in the reporting year to determine what share of them related to assets or processes associated with Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned economic  activities  6.5  and  6.6  (numerator).  These  were  mainly expenses  for  maintenance  and  repair  as  well  as  leasing  expenses. For expenses that cannot be clearly allocated, the Taxonomy-eligible  and  -aligned  operating  expenses  were  determined on a cost centre basis using appropriate allocation keys. The Taxonomy-eligible  and  -aligned  operating  expenses  thus determined were set in relation to the total operating expenses covered by the Taxonomy (denominator). The taxonomy does not  provide  for  direct  allocation  to  operating  expenses  in  the Consolidated Financial Statements.

There were no operating expenses that are part of a plan to expand Taxonomy-aligned economic activities or to transform Taxonomy-eligible economic activities into taxonomy-aligned economic activities or that relate to the purchase of products from taxonomy-eligible and aligned economic activities and individual measures through which the target activities are carried out in a low-carbon manner or the emission of greenhouse gases is reduced in the reporting year.

## 4.8 REPORTING OF THE TAXONOMY INDICATORS

Share of revenue from goods or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned  economic  activities.  Disclosure  for  the  year 2022.

<!-- image -->

| Key figures for the EU Taxonomy:  Turnover  Substantial  contribution criteria  DNSH criteria  ('Does Not Significantly Harm')  Code  Absolute  turnover  Propor-  tion of  turnover  Climate  change  mitigation  Climate  change  adap-  tation  Climate  change  mitigation  Climate  change  adaptation  Water and  marine  resources  Circular  economy  Pollution  Bio-  diversity  and eco-  systems  Minimum  safe-  guards  Taxo-  nomy-  aligned  propor-  tion of  turnover  2022  Taxo-  nomy-  aligned  propor-  tion of  turnover  2021  Category  'Enab-  ling  activities'  Category  'Transi-  tional  activities'  EUR  million  %  %  %  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  %  %  E  T  A. Taxonomy-eligible activities  A.1 Environmentally sustainable activities  (Taxonomy-aligned)  Turnover of environmentally sustainable  activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not  environmentally sustainable activities  (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)  Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and  light commercial vehicles  6.5  2,755.0  90  Freight transport services by road  6.6  216.7  7  Turnover of Taxonomy-eligible but not  environmentally sustainable activities  (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)  2,971.7  97  Total (A.1 + A.2)  2,971.7  97  B. Taxonomy-non-eligible activities  Turnover of Taxonomy-non-eligible  activities (B)  94.5  3  Total (A + B)  3,066.2  100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Share of capital expenditures (CapEx) from goods or services that are associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities. Disclosure for the year 2022.

| Key figures for the EU Taxonomy:  Capital expenditure  Substantial  contribution  criteria  DNSH criteria  ('Does Not Significantly Harm')  Code  Absolute  CapEx  Propor-  tion of  CapEx  Climate  change  mitigation  Climate  change  adap-  tation  Climate  change  mitigation  Climate  change  adaptation  Water and  marine  resources  Circular  economy  Pollution  Bio-  diversity  and eco-  systems  Minimum  safe-  guards  Taxo-  nomy-  aligned  propor-  tion of  CapEx  2022  Taxo-  nomy-  aligned  propor-  tion of  CapEx  2021  Category  'Enab-  ling  activities'  Category  'Transi-  tional  activities'  EUR  million  %  %  %  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  %  %  E  T  A. Taxonomy-eligible activities  A.1 Environmentally sustainable activities  (Taxonomy-aligned)  CapEx of environmentally sustainable  activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not  environmentally sustainable activities  (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)  Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and  light commercial vehicles  6.5  4,071.3  95  Freight transport services by road  6.6  195.7  5  CapEx of Taxonomy-eligible but not  environmentally sustainable activities  (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)  4,267.0  99  Total (A.1 + A.2)  4,267.0  99  B. Taxonomy-non-eligible activities  CapEx of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities (B)  39.9  1  Total (A + B)  4,306.8  100   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Due to the direct economic connection with the Taxonomy-eligible sales revenues, the investments in the rental fleet were included in the analysis

<!-- image -->

Percentage of operating expenses (OpEx) from goods or services  associated  with  Taxonomy-aligned  economic  activities. Disclosure for the year 2022.

| Key figures for the EU Taxonomy:  Operating expenses  Substantial  contribution  criteria  DNSH criteria  ('Does Not Significantly Harm')  Code  Absolute  OpEx  Propor-  tion of  OpEx  Climate  change  mitigation  Climate  change  adap-  tation  Climate  change  mitigation  Climate  change  adaptation  Water and  marine  resources  Circular  economy  Pollution  Bio-  diversity  and eco-  systems  Minimum  safe-  guards  Taxo-  nomy-  aligned  propor-  tion of  OpEx  2022  Taxo-  nomy-  aligned  propor-  tion of  OpEx  2021  Category  'Enab-  ling  activities'  Category  'Transi-  tional  activities'  Euro  million  %  %  %  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  %  %  E  T  A. Taxonomy-eligible activities  A.1 Environmentally sustainable activities  (Taxonomy-aligned)  OpEx of environmentally sustainable activities  (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not  environmentally sustainable activities  (not taxonomy-aligned activities)  Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and  light commercial vehicles  6.5  342.1  86  Freight transport services by road  6.6  26.9  7  OpEx of Taxonomy-eligible but not  environmentally sustainable activities  (not taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2)  369.1  93  Total (A.1 + A.2)  369.1  93  B. Taxonomy-non-eligible activities  OpEx of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities (B)  27.9  7  Total (A + B)  396.9  100   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## B.8 \\  DEPENDENT COMPANY REPORT

In accordance with section 17 of the AktG, Sixt SE is a dependent company of Erich Sixt Vermögensverwaltung GmbH, Pullach,  as  well  as  ES  Asset  Management  and  Services GmbH &amp; Co. KG, Pullach. According to article 9 (1) lit. c) (ii) of the  SE  regulation,  section  49  (1)  SEAG  in  conjunction  with section  312  of  the  AktG  a  report  on  the  related  party transactions in financial year 2022 is therefore prepared containing the following concluding declaration by the Management Board:

'There were no legal transactions or measures subject to disclosure requirements in the financial year.'

## B.9 \\  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DECLARATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTIONS 289F AND 315D HGB

In accordance with the provisions of Sections 289f and 315d of  the  German  Commercial  Code  (Handelsgesetzbuch  HGB), the company is obliged to include a Corporate Governance Declaration in its Management Report. Pursuant to Section 317 (2) 6 HGB, the audit of the disclosures made in accordance with Sections 289f and 315d HGB is limited by the auditor to whether the disclosures have been made. The Declaration  can  also  be  found  on  the  website  of  Sixt  SE  at ir.sixt.eu under 'Corporate Governance.'

## Corporate Governance

For  Sixt  SE,  good  and  responsible  corporate  management and supervision (Corporate Governance) is an important way of ensuring and enhancing the confidence of customers, business  partners  and  the  capital  market  in  the  company.  Responsible management that focuses on long-term value creation is therefore of great importance to the company. The basic hallmarks of good Corporate Governance are efficient and trusting  collaboration  between  the  Management Board and the Supervisory Board, upholding shareholders' interests and transparency in the company's communication, both externally and internally.

With the German Corporate Governance Code, the Government  Commission  on  the  German  Corporate  Governance Code makes recommendations regarding the corporate management of listed German companies. Apart from the exceptions  listed  in  the  Declaration  of  Conformity  of  December 2022, the Management Board and the Supervisory Board of Sixt SE affirm their commitment to these recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code.

Declaration of Conformity in accordance with Section 161 of  the  German  Stock  Corporation  Act  (Aktiengesetz  AktG)

The Management Board and Supervisory Board of Sixt SE declare:

The recommendations of the 'German Corporate Governance Code' in the version of 28 April 2022 (hereinafter referred to as 'the Code') announced by the Federal Ministry of Justice in the official section of the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) on 27 June 2022 has been and will be complied with, with the following exceptions:

- \ \ Recommendation C.10 with respect to the Chairman of the Supervisory Board: In C.7, the Code contains a list of criteria which are suitable for denying the independence of Supervisory Board members, but which do not necessarily exclude it. Two of these criteria apply to the Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Mr. Erich Sixt. The Supervisory Board is of the opinion that Mr. Erich Sixt will exercise the function as Chairman of the Supervisory Board in the best interests of Sixt SE, regardless of his previous position as member of the  Management  Board  and  his  family  relationships  with two members of the Management Board.
- \ \ Recommendations G.1 and G.2.: The Supervisory Board believes  that  the  determination  of  individual  target  total compensation in addition to a maximum compensation neither  provide  an  additional  incentive  for  the  Management Board nor a further advantage for Sixt SE.

- \ \ Recommendation G.7: The Supervisory Board believes that a long-term determination of performance criteria for variable compensation components is more beneficial to sustainability than an annual determination for the upcoming financial year.
- \ \ Recommendation G.10: The contracts of the Management Board members do not stipulate that variable compensation

## The Management Board

## Remuneration System / Remuneration Report

The  applicable  remuneration  system  for  the  members  of  the Management Board pursuant to Section 87a (1) and (2) sentence 1 AktG, which was formed by the Annual General Meeting on 16 June 2021, as well as the resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Board adopted by the Annual General Meeting on 25 May 2022, are publicly accessible on the website  of  Sixt  SE  at ir.sixt.eu under  the  header  'Corporate Governance'.

The Remuneration Report and the auditor's report pursuant to Section 162 AktG are made publicly available at the same Internet address.

## Relevant disclosures on Corporate Governance practices

## Risk management and the control system

The practices used for managing Sixt SE and Sixt Group fully comply with the statutory provisions. The Management Board of Sixt SE ensures that the Group's control instruments and management systems are continuously developed and that planning follows proven approaches.

In  addition  to  comprehensive  control  systems  and  reporting, strategic  and  operational  management  is  characterised  by  an effective  internal  governance  structure.  Besides  adequate  establishment and staffing of organ functions, this includes the risk management system, the internal  control  system,  compliance management and internal audit.

The established risk management system serves the management as an integral part of Corporate Governance to identify and control risks in a responsible, timely and sustainable manner. Its functionality and scope are documented in the risk manual and it  provides  for  comprehensive  tools  and  measures  to  support amounts are to be invested predominantly in shares of the company  or  granted  accordingly.  The  Supervisory  Board believes that such a structure would not be more beneficial to the long-term promotion of the company's well-being and to ensuring the sustainable and long-term success of the company.

Pullach, 8 December 2022

## The Supervisory Board

and monitor the management in identifying, assessing and controlling risks, following up on countermeasures and implementing a sustainable risk strategy.

The definition of clear responsibilities, the provision of a technical platform and the defined reporting obligations ensure that the management of Sixt SE receives a comprehensive and upto-date status on all risks of the Group. The risk management system takes into account all risks relevant to the Group, including operational risks and risk areas that could have a direct impact on the sustainability goals of Sixt Group or the implementation of the sustainability strategy. In addition to quarterly risk surveys, the Management Board is informed on an ad hoc as well as an ongoing basis by the company's functional units about market trends and relevant topics in order to be able to react to a change in risk exposure at an early stage. The Management Board and the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board also receive a comprehensive risk report at least once a year, detailing significant risks and their mitigation measures.

The company department 'Governance &amp; Internal Controls' has been established to ensure the regularity of the accounting processes as well as all relevant business processes and compliance with all legal requirements, on the one hand, and the effectiveness and appropriateness of countermeasures, on the other hand. Based on the aforementioned comprehensive risk survey, this  department  maintains  a  risk-control  matrix  and  ensures, through  consultation,  documentation  and  the  performance  of regular tests, that the most important controls and management measures are implemented in accordance with management decisions  and  remain  appropriate.  The  controls  recorded  and tested  in  this  way  include  both  process-immanent  operational controls such as approval procedures and dual control principles as well as organisational risk mitigation measures such as steering committees, planning committees or management meetings.

Both the Management Board and the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board are informed about the results of the tests performed and thus the maturity of the internal control system at least twice a year, or on an ad hoc basis if necessary. In order to ensure the completeness of the controls and tests to be set up, a regular exchange also takes place between the specialist departments, in particular with the ESG, Tax, Legal and Compliance functions.

The structure of governance in the Sixt Group basically follows the proven Three-lines-of-defence model, i.e. the clear allocation  and  separation  of  responsibilities  for  the  implementation, consultation, approval and monitoring of measures.

This also includes the establishment of an internal audit system and, if necessary, involving external experts. The internal audit department carries out risk-oriented plan audits, event-related individual audits as well as audits of management systems, the standard content of which also includes an audit of the risk management  measures  and  the  identification  of  possible  control gaps. The results of these audits are communicated to the Management Board in audit reports and regular meetings and discussed by the Audit Committee.

The Management Board is not aware of any circumstances arising from its involvement with the internal control and risk management system or from reporting by the Governance &amp; Internal Controls and internal audit functions that speak against the appropriateness and effectiveness of the internal control system and the risk management system.

## Compliance at Sixt Group

The success of Sixt Group is based not only on its strong business policies, but also on the economic integrity and trust that customers, suppliers, shareholders and business partners place in the Group. To win and retain this trust, it is a precondition that the  Management  Board  and  the  employees  of  the  company comply with the high standards of legislation, ethics and social skills in every situation and constantly. The Code of Conduct of Sixt SE and its affiliated companies, which is mandatory for all employees, defines these behavioural principles for the acting individuals'  dealings  in  relation  to  third  parties  and  within  the company. In this Code of Conduct, the Management Board of Sixt SE defines its clear expectations of ethical and lawful conduct by all employees and business partners and thereby establishes the so-called 'Tone from the Top.'

This Code of Conduct is agreed upon with all employees when they first join the company as a binding element of the employment relationship and can also be accessed at any time via the central  Intranet  as  well  as  on  the  website  of  Sixt  SE  at about.sixt.com under the heading 'Responsibility'.

In addition to the general requirements and expectations for integrity and law-abiding compliance, the Code of Conduct also contains specific and more detailed information and specifications on individual areas of compliance. These refer in particular to anti-corruption regulations, granting of advantages, donations and sponsoring, questions on anti-trust legislation and money laundering prevention, data protection as well as capital market law.

These generally applicable specifications are supplemented by specific implementation requirements, which come in the form of  detailed  individual  instructions,  as  well  as  by  independent compliance control loops (tax compliance and data protection, for example).

A Group-wide compliance organisation has been established to ensure that all  ethical  and  legal  requirements  adopted  by  the Management  Board  are  known  and  implemented  within  the Group. These comprise various individual functions and are also based on the well-known Three-lines-of-defence-model: alongside the operational departments that are primarily responsible for implementation, the Compliance Officer, the Legal, Tax and Internal Controls departments are responsible for the effectiveness of the compliance processes in a coordinating or advisory capacity. As an independent auditing instance, the Group's internal audit body verifies the appropriateness and effectiveness of the compliance organisation as well as the implementation of and adherence to compliance requirements as part of its riskoriented audits.

In addition to the standards and processes defined in this manner, special training seminars on specific topics are held for such sensitive  areas.  In  selecting  its  business  partners,  Sixt  pays close  attention  to  whether  its  partners  comply  with  the  same standards as defined in Sixt's Code of Conduct and has developed a separate Code of Conduct for suppliers and service providers for this purpose.

To become aware of potential compliance violations, Sixt provides  different  reporting  channels.  Thus,  information  can  be brought to the attention of the compliance organisation via the supervisor, the internal Compliance Officer, the external

Ombudsman or a platform accessible to external stakeholders (whistleblowing system on the Sixt SE website at about.sixt.com under  the  heading  'Responsibility').  Sixt  has taken  precautions  to  ensure  that  notifications  can  be  made anonymously and that the anonymity of whistleblowers can be strictly preserved in order to reduce the fear of repression for the reporting persons and thus lower the reporting threshold. In the event of relevant notifications, the Ombudsman and the Compliance Officer discuss and decide on the measures to be taken. In addition, the Compliance Officer is in regular contact with the Management Board, reports to the respective departments on the current compliance situation or individual transactions and provides  support  on  developing  and  implementing  preventive measures.

Sixt reviews the functionality and appropriateness of the compliance organisation at regular intervals and, if necessary, implements the necessary changes or additions as quickly as possible, due to changing regulations, market conditions or new internal structures, for example.

## Working practices of the Management Board and Supervisory Board

As a European Stock Corporation (Societas Europaea), Sixt SE is governed by the German Stock Corporation Act, the specific European SE regulations and the German SE Implementation Act. One key principle of the Stock Corporation Act is the dualistic management system (Management Board and Supervisory Board), which is also established for Sixt SE. Sixt SE takes due account of this principle of separate management and supervisory bodies and has different personnel in the Management and Supervisory  Boards  of  Sixt  SE.  Simultaneous  membership  in both bodies is not permitted. In accordance with Article 7 (1) and (2) of the company's Articles of Association, the Management Board of Sixt SE consists of one or more members appointed by the  Supervisory  Board  for  a  maximum  period  of  up  to  five years.  Reappointments are generally possible. The members of the Management Board are responsible for the basic strategic orientation, the day-to-day operational business and the monitoring of the risk management of Sixt SE and Sixt Group. Sixt SE acts  as  the  strategic  and  financial  holding  company  for  the Group and performs central administrative functions for various Group  companies.  The  Management  Board  of  Sixt  SE  comprised the following members in financial year 2022: Mr. Alexander Sixt and Mr. Konstantin Sixt (Co-Chairmen), Mr. James Adams (since 1 October 2022), Prof. Dr. Kai Andrejewski, Mr. Nico Gabriel and Mr. Vinzenz Pflanz (since 1 October 2022). Further information on the members of the Management Board and their memberships to be disclosed in accordance with Section 285 (10) of the German Commercial Code (HGB) can be found in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the 2022 Annual Report in the section 'Supervisory Board and Management Board of Sixt SE.'

The members of the Management Board carry out the tasks assigned to them with clear departmental responsibility in accordance with the schedule of responsibilities and the rules of procedure adopted by the Supervisory Board.

The two Co-Chairmen of the Management Board are jointly responsible for the overall management and business policies of the company as well as in matters relating to the shareholders, the Annual General Meeting, the Supervisory Board and Management Board. In addition, the Co-Chairman of the Management Board, Mr. Alexander Sixt, is responsible for Group Strategy, Global Human Resources, IT (Soft- and Hardware), PR &amp; Communication  and  the  management  of  all  Global  Business Services. The Co-Chairman of the Management Board, Mr. Konstantin Sixt, is responsible for Brand &amp; Digital Marketing, SIXT+, International Franchise Development &amp; Business to Partners as well as Marketing - in addition to his joint responsibilities with Mr. Alexander Sixt. Mr. James Adams is responsible for Consumer Products and Price &amp; Capacity Management. Chief Financial Officer Prof. Dr. Kai Andrejewski is responsible for Corporate Finance, Accounting, Group Controlling, Legal, Taxes, Internal Audit, Risk Management / Compliance, Financial Projects / M&amp;A, Investor Relations and ESG issues (Environmental, Social and Governance). The member of the Management Board responsible for Operations, Mr. Nico Gabriel, is responsible for the operational business, including Group-wide compliance with all public and other legal requirements for operating and holding motor vehicles and ensuring the traffic and operational safety of Sixt Group's rental vehicles. In addition, he is responsible for the areas  of  Global  Customer  Operations,  Quality  Management, Global Fleet Management, E-Mobility, Mobility Projects, Corporate  Development,  SIXT  Van  &amp;  Truck,  SIXT  share,  Used  Car Sales, International Franchise and SIXT ride. Vinzenz Pflanz is responsible for national and international sales as well as vehicle purchasing.

Management Board meetings,  at  which  cross-portfolio  issues are discussed, are held as and when necessary. The Management Board has not established any committees.

The Supervisory Board of Sixt SE has four members in accordance  with  Article  10  (1)  of  the  Articles  of  Association. Three

members are elected by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with legal provisions and the provisions of the Articles of Association.  One  further  member  is  appointed  by  the  shareholder Mr. Erich Sixt. The Supervisory Board elects a Chairman and a Deputy Chairman from among its members (Article 12 (1) of the Articles of Association). In financial year 2022, the Supervisory  Board  was  expanded  by  one  member  and  Mrs.  Anna Magdalena Kamenetzky-Wetzel was elected an additional member by the Annual General Meeting on 25 May 2022. The Supervisory  Board  of  Sixt  SE  has  thus  consisted  of  four  members since the registration of the amendment to the Articles of Association to expand the Supervisory Board on 2 June 2022. Further information on the members of the Supervisory Board and their memberships, which must be disclosed in accordance with Section 285 (10) of the German Commercial Code (HGB), can be found in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2022 Annual Report section 'Supervisory Board and Management Board of Sixt SE'.

The Supervisory Board's main responsibilities include the appointment of Management Board members and monitoring of the  Management  Board.  As  a  general  rule,  the  Supervisory Board adopts its resolutions at meetings. If instructed by the Supervisory Board Chairman, resolutions by the Supervisory Board may also be adopted outside of meetings (or by way of a combined resolution) by casting votes verbally or by telephone, in writing  (Section  126b  German  Civil  Code  (Bürgerliches  Gesetzbuch)) and/or by using other means of telecommunication or electronic media (Article 14 (2) Articles of Association). Moreover,  a  resolution  may  also  be  validly  adopted  by  aforementioned means without any instructions from the Chairman of the Supervisory Board if no member objects (Article 14 (3) Articles of Association). Resolutions of the Supervisory Board require a simple majority of the votes cast, unless otherwise mandatorily required by law (Article 14 (7) Articles of Association).  The Report of the Supervisory Board in this Annual Report contains further  details  on  the  meetings  and  activities  of  the  Supervisory Board in financial year 2022. The current Rules of Procedure of the Supervisory Board of Sixt SE are available on the company's website at ir.sixt.eu under the header 'Corporate Governance'.

The  Management  Board  and  Supervisory  Board  cooperate closely for the benefit of Sixt Group. The Management Board informs the Supervisory Board regularly, promptly and comprehensively on all matters that are relevant to the company and the Group regarding strategic planning, business development, the risk situation and risk management as well as the results of internal audits. To this end, the Management Board arranges for the company's strategic orientation to be approved by the Supervisory  Board  and  discusses  its  strategy  implementation  at regular intervals. Documents required to make decisions, in particular the Annual Financial Statements of Sixt SE, the Consolidated  Financial  Statements,  the  Management  Report  on  the Group's and the company's situation, including the auditor's reports, are forwarded to the members of the Supervisory Board in good time before the respective meeting.

## Committees of the Supervisory Board

The Supervisory Board has established an Audit Committee and a Nomination Committee in financial year 2022. Their tasks, responsibilities and work processes comply with the requirements of the German Stock Corporation Act and the German Corporate Governance Code. A remuneration committee was also established at the beginning of the financial year 2023.

The Audit Committee deals in particular with the audit of the accounting, the monitoring of the accounting process, the effectiveness  of  the  internal  control  system,  the  risk  management system and the internal audit system, the audit of the financial statements and their quality and compliance, as well as the internal  procedure  for  transactions  with  related  parties  (Section 111a (2) 2 AktG) and the approval of such transactions pursuant to Section 111b (1) AktG. The details of the working methods and responsibilities of the Audit Committee are defined in the Rules of Procedure for the Audit Committee, which the Supervisory Board has issued.

The members of the Audit Committee are Dr. Julian zu Putlitz (Chairman),  Dr.  Daniel  Terberger  and  Mrs.  Anna  Magdalena Kamenetzky-Wetzel (since 13 September 2022). The members of the Audit Committee are, as a whole, familiar with the industry in which the company operates. At least one member of the audit committee must have expertise in the field of accounting and at least one other member must have expertise in the field of auditing (Sections 100 (5) and 107 (4) 3 AktG). According to the Code, expertise in the field of accounting should consist of special knowledge and experience in the application of accounting principles and internal control and risk management systems, and expertise in the field of auditing should consist of special knowledge  and  experience  in  the  auditing  of  financial  statements. Accounting and auditing  also include sustainability  reporting and its audit. The chairperson of the Audit Committee thus needs to be an expert in at least one of the two areas. The Chairman of the Audit Committee, Dr. Julian zu Putlitz, was the member of the Management Board of Sixt SE responsible for finance  from  2009  until  the  end  of  2018  and  has  been  Chief

Financial Officer of the IFCO Group since 2019. Before joining Sixt  SE,  he  worked  for  the  management  consultancy  Roland Berger in the Restructuring &amp; Corporate Finance division. In particular,  during  his  many  years  as  Chief  Financial  Officer  of Sixt SE, Dr. zu Putlitz acquired the expertise in the field of auditing and accounting required by the Code.

Dr. zu Putlitz was also appointed the member of the Supervisory Board responsible for ESG issues in December 2021.

Mrs. Kamenetzky-Wetzel has a university degree with a focus on external accounting, controlling and finance. Due to her many years of experience in the financial sector, among other positions at Goldman Sachs in investment banking, as Managing Director of Ripplewood Holdings Japan International S.A. for restructuring issues, and as Co-Head of the external fund business at JAB Holding Company LLC, as well as her experience on the boards of listed companies, she also has the expertise in the field of auditing and accounting required by the Code.

Dr. Daniel Terberger studied business administration in St. Gallen and began his professional career at Deutsche Bank in Hong Kong and New York, among other places. He has been active in the textile and fashion industry for more than twenty years as Chairman of the Management Board of KATAG AG and was previously Chief Financial Officer there for several years. In his work, he has been dealing with sustainability in supply chains and the creation of the necessary transparency in the textile industry, among other topics, for several years. Thanks to his educational background and his professional work, Dr. Terberger also has expertise in the field of accounting and auditing.

The Nomination Committee is responsible for proposing qualified candidates to the Supervisory Board for the election of Supervisory  Board  members by the Annual General Meeting. In addition to the necessary skills and professional experience of the proposed candidates, the objectives specified by the Supervisory Board for its composition, the competence profile and the diversity concept are also to be taken into account.

The members of the Nomination Committee are Mr. Erich Sixt and Dr. Daniel Terberger.

The Remuneration Committee was established at the beginning of financial year 2023. It supports the Supervisory Board in the appropriate structuring of the Management Board remuneration and,  in  particular,  prepares  the  remuneration  system  for  the members of the Management Board and reviews the appropriateness of the total remuneration of the Management Board members. The members of the Remuneration Committee are: Mrs. Anna Magdalena Kamenetzky-Wetzel (Chairwoman), Dr. Julian zu Putlitz and Dr. Daniel Terberger.

## Target figures for equal participation of women and men in leadership positions

The following target figures have been set for Sixt SE for the share  of  female  members  on  the  Supervisory  Board  and  the Management Board as well the first two management levels below the Management Board.

The Supervisory Board last set the target figure for the share of women on the Supervisory Board at 25% and the target figure for the share of women on the Management Board of Sixt SE at 0% on 27 June 2022. The deadline for achieving the targets is 27 June 2027.

The reasons for setting the target figure at 0% for the Management Board at the time the target was set on 27 June 2022 were as follows:

Till the present day (27 June 2022) there are no women on the four-member Management Board of Sixt SE (current quota: 0%). Sixt SE has always been a family-run company. Since Mr. Erich Sixt stepped down as Chairman of the Management Board and joined the Supervisory Board in 2021, the company has been successfully  managed  at  the  top  by  his  sons,  Alexander  and Konstantin  Sixt,  as  Co-Chairmen  of  the  Management  Board. The terms of office of Mr. Alexander Sixt and Mr. Konstantin Sixt were extended when they assumed their new roles as Co-Chairmen of the Management Board and the two other members of the Management Board, Prof. Dr. Kai Andrejewski and Mr. Nico Gabriel, were appointed members of the Management Board for the first time. The term of office of all current Management Board members  runs  until  2024.  In  the  opinion  of  the  Supervisory Board, gender is an important element of the diversity concept for the staffing of all management levels as well as all other positions with the company. Nevertheless, the Supervisory Board has no intention of assigning priority decision-making relevance to  gender  for  future  appointments  to  the  Management  Board. The Supervisory Board would like to reserve the right to extend the terms of office of the current Board members. Therefore, in the interest of continuity in the management of the company and confidence in the current composition of the Management Board, it  does not wish to bind itself in its personnel decisions in advance by setting a higher target figure or to create the impression of such a self-binding commitment over the next five years.

As at 31 December 2022, the target figures were met. The Supervisory Board consisted of four members, one of whom was a woman, which corresponds to a share of 25%. The Management Board was comprised of six members on 31 December 2022. As at 31 December 2022, the share of women on the Management Board was therefore 0%.

On 27 June 2022, the Management Board determined that the share of women serving at the first executive level below the Management Board should be 17% and at the second executive level  below the Management Board 30%, both in accordance with  an  implementation  period  up  until  27  June  2027.  As  at 31 December 2022, the share of women serving at the first executive level below the Management Board was 24% and at the second  executive  level  below  the  Management  Board  32%. Consequently, the targets for both levels were met. This takes due account of the German consolidated companies of Sixt SE.

## Diversity concept for the Management Board and longterm succession planning

The Management Board in its entirety should have a wide range of professional expertise and views that are deemed to be of material significance for the activities of Sixt Group.

In the opinion of the Supervisory Board, a wide range of professional expertise and views among the members of the Management Board facilitates  a  good  understanding  of  the  organisational and business affairs of Sixt Group and enables the members  of  the  Management  Board  to  constructively  question decisions and be open for innovative ideas.

The Supervisory  Board  is  further  of  the  opinion  that  mutually complementary professional profiles as well as different professional and educational backgrounds already follow from the duty to provide orderly business management. Furthermore, different track records and experiences among the members of the Management  Board  are  crucial  for  analysing  current  challenges, problems and strategies from different viewpoints and then making the best possible decisions for the company.

In-depth experience in IT management and a profound understanding of digitalisation are indispensable for all topics the company covers, given the increasing digitalisation of business models and the high relevance of a modern IT structure, to lead the company successfully into the future.

The Supervisory Board considers management experience and intercultural skills for the successful leadership and motivation of global teams gained in an internationally active company, if possible, to be essential elements of modern management. In addition, the Management Board also needs to have in-depth knowledge of accounting, finance management and the capital markets.

The Supervisory Board has set an age limit for the members of the Management Board in accordance with the recommendation of the German Corporate Governance Code. Only persons who have not yet reached the age of 67 at the time of their first or repeated appointment to the Management Board may be appointed  members  of  the  Management  Board.  With  regard  to gender-specific aspects of the diversity concept, the Supervisory Board has defined the target figure outlined in the above paragraph.

The  Supervisory  Board  takes  the  diversity  aspects  described above into account when appointing the Management Board.

The  current  composition  of  the  Management  Board  complies with the aspects of the diversity concept. Further details on the careers and qualifications of the Management Board members can be obtained from the company's website at ir.sixt.eu .

Together with the Management Board, the Supervisory Board takes care of the long-term succession plan for the Management Board. The Supervisory and Management Board are in regular communication regarding qualified internal and external successor candidates so as to ensure the continued further development of the company. In all these deliberations, the main focus is always on the company's interests, taking due account of all circumstances of the individual cases. The long-term succession planning takes into account, among other factors, the requirements of the German Stock Corporation Act and the Corporate Governance Code as well as the aspects of the diversity concept for the Management Board. Taking into consideration the specific qualification requirements, there is a regular exchange between the Supervisory Board, the Management Board and the management of Human Resources regarding potential internal and  external  candidates.  Structured  interviews  are  conducted with the candidates. Subsequently, a recommendation is submitted to the Supervisory Board.

## Objectives for the composition, competence profile and diversity concept of the Supervisory Board

The Supervisory Board strives for a composition that ensures qualified supervision and advice to the Management Board of Sixt SE and takes the special needs of the company into account.

For the election of Supervisory Board members, candidates are proposed to the Annual General Meeting who, due to their professional expertise and experience, their integrity, their willingness to perform, their independence and their personality, contribute  to  the  Supervisory  Board  fulfilling  the  defined  competence profile in its entirety. The proposals to the Annual General Meeting also take the diversity concept and the objectives for the composition of the Supervisory Board into account.

## Competence profile and diversity concept

The Supervisory Board has developed a competence profile for the entire Board. According to it, the members of the Supervisory Board as a whole must be familiar with the industries in which the company operates and cover the following professional competencies in their entirety:

- \ \ Work experience in at least one of the following industries: Car rental, mobility services, motor vehicle leasing, motor vehicle industry, motor vehicle trade or travel and tourism.
- \ \ Knowledge of IT and software development.
- \ \ At least one member must have expertise in the field of accounting and at least one other member must have expertise in the field of auditing. The expertise in the field of accounting consists of special knowledge and experience in the application of accounting principles and internal control and risk management systems, and the expertise in the field of auditing consists of special knowledge and experience in the auditing of financial statements. Accounting and auditing also include sustainability reporting and its audit.
- \ \ At least one member should have expertise in sustainability issues relevant to the company. In the area of environmental concerns, these are in particular the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and resource-saving business practices, and in the area of social concerns, diversity, inclusion and equal opportunities for employees as well as customer satisfaction.
- \ \ At least one member should have experience as a member of supervisory or administrative boards.
- \ \ Experience in personnel matters with regard to board matters.

The Supervisory Board strives to achieve an appropriate level of diversity in terms of personality and experience, professional expertise, age, gender and internationality. Overall, the members of  the  Supervisory  Board  should  complement  each  other  in terms of their professional profiles, professional and life experience in such a way that the Board can draw on a diverse pool of experience and different specialised knowledge.

The Supervisory Board will consider the following criteria in particular:

- \ \ At least 50% of the members have different educational and professional backgrounds.
- \ \ At least 50% of members have international experience due to their origin or activity.

The Supervisory Board has set a target figure for the share of women on the Supervisory Board and a deadline for its implementation to which reference is made.

## Further targets for composition

Every member of the Supervisory Board must ensure that he or she has sufficient time to perform the Supervisory Board mandate and that he or she can perform the mandate with due regularity and diligence. When accepting further mandates, the statutory restrictions on mandates and the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code must be complied with.

The members must be personally reliable and have knowledge and experience required for the conscientious and independent performance of the duties of a member of the Supervisory Board.

No member of the Supervisory Board may have any executive or advisory functions with any significant competitor or any personal relationship with a significant competitor. The Supervisory Board may not include more than two former members of the Management Board.

At least three members must be independent of the company and  its  Management  Board  and  independent  of  a  controlling shareholder. The Supervisory Board uses the assessment criteria of the current German Corporate Governance Code in its assessment.

The Supervisory Board has also set a standard age limit for the members of the Supervisory Board. As a rule, i.e. subject to special reasons, only candidates who are not older than 72 years at the time of election may be proposed for election as members of the Supervisory Board for a full term of office.

According  to  recommendation  C.6  of  the  German  Corporate Governance Code, the Supervisory Board should include what it considers to be an appropriate number of independent members, taking the ownership structure into account. With Dr. Julian zu  Putlitz,  Dr.  Daniel  Terberger  and  Mrs.  Anna  Magdalena Kamenetzky-Wetzel, the Supervisory Board, which consists of four  persons,  includes  what  it  considers  to  be  an  appropriate number of members, who are independent of the company and its Management Board and independent of a controlling shareholder, also taking the ownership structure of Sixt SE into account.

The Supervisory Board takes the aforementioned objectives into account regarding the composition, competence profile and diversity aspects when proposing the election or appointment of Supervisory Board members and, in each individual case, recognises the extent to which different, mutually complementary professional profiles as well as professional and life experience benefit the work of the Supervisory Board.

The current composition of the Supervisory Board complies with the composition objectives and fills out the competence profile and diversity concept.

The following overview presents the competence profile of the Supervisory Board as well as the independence of the Supervisory Board members.

| Erich Sixt  Dr. Julian  zu Putlitz  Dr. Daniel  Terberger  Anna  Magdalena  Kamenetzky  -Wetzel  Industry knowledge      Knowledge in IT and  software development      Accounting expertise        Audit expertise        Sustainability matters        Experience as a  member of supervisory  and administrative  boards          Experience in  personnel matters with  regards to board  matters          Independence         |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further details on the careers and qualifications of the Supervisory Board members can be obtained from the company's website at ir.sixt.eu.

Moreover, the Supervisory Board subjects itself to a regular efficiency review. This review is aimed at monitoring the effective execution of the tasks assigned to the Supervisory Board, including a practicability assessment of the procedural rules of the Supervisory Board's by-laws, as well as the efficiency of the Supervisory Board's work. The last review took place in December 2022. For this purpose, a questionnaire was used in which the members of the Supervisory Board gave their assessment of the effectiveness of the working methods of the Supervisory Board and were invited to suggest possible improvements. The questionnaire  contained  questions  on  the  following  topics,  among others: the preparation of Supervisory Board meetings, the conducting of Supervisory Board meetings, the reporting and information provided by the Management Board, risk management and accounting. The evaluation of the questionnaires also took into account changes from the last review in December 2021. The  results  of  the  evaluation  of  the  questionnaires  were  discussed in the following regular meeting of the Supervisory Board and possibilities for improvement were discussed.

## Employee participation programmes (Matching Stock Programme, Stock Performance Programme)

Details of the employee participation programmes are set out in the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  under 'Share-based payment.'

## Notification of managers' transactions

In  accordance  with  Article  19  of  the  Regulation  (EU)  no. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council on market abuse  (European  Market  Abuse  Directive),  members  of  the Management and Supervisory Boards of Sixt SE as well as persons closely associated with them are legally required to report their own transactions with shares or bonds of Sixt SE and their related financial derivatives or other related financial instruments to Sixt SE and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority  (Bundesanstalt  für  Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht),  as long as the aggregated total of the transactions conducted by the respective person reaches or exceeds the sum of EUR 20,000 within a calendar year. The transaction notifications received by Sixt SE are duly published and can be retrieved on the website of Sixt SE at ir.sixt.eu under the header 'Corporate Governance - Managers' Transactions'.

<!-- image -->

## Disclosures relating to the auditor

On 25 May 2022, the Annual General Meeting adopted the proposal  of  the  Supervisory  Board  to  appoint  Deloitte  GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Munich, as the auditor for Sixt SE and Sixt Group for financial year 2022 and as the auditor for any review of financial reports/financial information of Sixt SE for financial year 2022 and for financial year 2023 in the period up to the 2023 Annual General Meeting. Auditing companies from the Deloitte Group are auditing the majority of the companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements that require such  audits.  Deloitte  GmbH  Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft has been the auditor of Sixt SE (formerly Sixt Aktiengesellschaft) since the 2005 Annual Financial Statements. The auditor Klaus Löffler has been the auditor responsible for conducting the audit since the 2019 Annual Financial Statements. Details on the auditor's fees can be found in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2022 Annual Report under Note 4.6 Other operating expenses.

## B.10 \\  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR SIXT SE PURSUANT TO HGB

## Fundamentals and business performance

Sixt SE (European Stock Corporation - Societas Europaea) is the parent company that acts as the holding company for the Sixt  Group.  The  legal  form  'SE'  of  the  holding  reflects  the Group's strong international  orientation.  Sixt  SE  assumes  the central administrative and management tasks and is responsible for the strategic and financial management of the Group. Sixt SE has registered branches in Leipzig and at Munich Airport.

In its function Sixt SE's business performance, net assets, financial and earnings position as well as its risks and opportunities are essentially dependent on the development of Sixt Group's consolidated companies.

Business performance of Sixt SE is characterised by the services provided to its subsidiaries; by the financing requirements and the proceeds distributed or transferred by Sixt Group's subsidiaries. The Annual Financial Statements of Sixt SE are prepared pursuant to (German) commercial law and the legal stipulations on stock corporations and serve as the basis for the financial  year's  allocation  of  the  unappropriated  profit  to  be approved by the Annual General Meeting.

## Net assets, financial and earnings position

For  its  services  rendered,  Sixt  SE  receives  remunerations  of EUR 108.9 million (2021: EUR 95.5 million). The increase stems from  the  positive  business  development  of  the  subsidiaries. Other  operating  income  in  the  amount  of  EUR  351.5  million (2021: EUR 151.8 million) includes, among others income from forwarding cost and income from currency translation. Besides this, Sixt SE receives EUR 45.1 million (2021: EUR 41.4 million) from financing services and income from investments, and earnings transfers of EUR 190.9 million (2021: EUR 100.9 million). This  is  set  off  by  personnel  and  operational  expenses  of EUR 520.8 million (2021: EUR 246.2 million) as well as interest and similar expenses of EUR 35.9 million (2021: EUR 30.6 million). There were loss transfers in the year under review in the amount of EUR 0.3 million (2021: EUR 0.0 million). The taxes on income are at EUR 27.6 million (2021: EUR 16.8 million). Net income for the period under review is EUR 110.7 million (2021: EUR 76.1 million).

Sixt SE's significant assets consist of shareholdings in affiliated companies and investments of EUR 1,079.9 million (2021: EUR 875.2 million). In addition, Sixt SE has receivables from affiliated companies and investments of EUR 2,046.3 million (2021: EUR 1,752.4 million).

As in the year before, the share capital of Sixt SE amounts to EUR  120.2 million.  The  equity  reported  amounts  to  EUR 827.4 million (2021: EUR 890.7 million).

Significant  financial  liabilities  are  the  outstanding  bonds  of EUR 550.0 million (2021: EUR 800.0 million), liabilities from borrower's note loans in the amount of EUR 769.5 million (2021: EUR 718.5 million) and commercial papers of EUR 112.0 million (2021: EUR - million). Further to these, Sixt SE has liabilities to affiliated companies of EUR 337.7 million (2021: EUR 342.4 million). Overall, the financial year was successful and the previous year`s expectations of a stable result were exceeded.

<!-- image -->

## ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR SIXT SE PURSUANT TO HGB

## Risks, opportunities and outlook

As far as its opportunities and risks are concerned, Sixt SE's development is essentially dependent on the performance of the operating companies within the Sixt Group. A negative development of these companies could have an impact on the recoverability of recognised investments in the companies and receivables from the companies. To this extent, the overall assessment in the report on risks and opportunities of the Sixt Group serves as reference. The economic development of Sixt SE is likewise significantly determined by the performance, financing requirements and earnings strength of the Sixt Group's companies. The earnings position of the subsidiaries is constantly monitored by regular investment controlling. Their earnings distributions are

Pullach, 27 March 2023

Sixt SE

The Management Board

ALEXANDER SIXT

KONSTANTIN SIXT

JAMES ADAMS

directly or indirectly determined by the resolutions of Sixt SE. In line with its expectations regarding the general interest rates and results of the operating subsidiaries, and with explicit reference to  the  uncertain  overall  geopolitical  and  economic  situation, Sixt SE expects for the current financial year stable earnings before taxes.

## Investments

As part of its financing function within the Sixt Group, Sixt SE will provide  consolidated  companies  with  loans  and  funds  in  the form of equity when required. Potential company start-ups or acquisitions could require investments to be made by Sixt SE.

PROF. DR. KAI

ANDREJEWSKI

NICO GABRIEL

VINZENZ PFLANZ

## ANNEX TO THE COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORT: REPORT ON EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES AND EQUAL PAY (UNAUDITED)

As part of the Remuneration Transparency Act, Sixt regularly reviews position-related salary levels, taking into account salary groups, tasks as well as market and industry standards, in order to eliminate any remuneration differences that are identified. Sixt employees are always selected, hired and promoted on the basis of their qualifications and skills.

Various measures have been developed and introduced to ensure  gender  balance  in  recruitment  and  succession  planning, calibration meetings for the promotion of staff and gender-neutral language in job advertisements, for example.

Among other steps taken, Sixt was able to increase the number of  women  in  management  positions.  In  2021,  the  share  of women in the first and second management levels below the Management Board totalled 28%. This compares to 24% at the beginning of the reporting period. In order to develop managers from within the Sixt ranks, high potential female employees who

## Statistical information on the employees of Sixt SE

| Average number of employees  2021  2020  2019  Full-time  Women  254  302  313  Men  489  527  545  Total full-time  743  829  858  Part-time  Women  77  81  93  Men  16  14  27  Total part-time  93  95  120  Women  331  383  406  Men  505  541  572  Total  836  924  978   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

are identified during the personnel development interviews receive  special  support.  For  example,  Sixt  has  placed  an  increased focus on the promotion of female managers through the company's  established  mentoring  programme  Female  Career Tandem.

Furthermore, it is only a natural step for Sixt to have committed itself  to  the  'Diversity  Charter.'  A  diverse  culture  is  ensured through our diversity network DiverSIXTy by offering organised activities, training and discussions.

Relevant key figures and further information on the employee development programmes, the basic features of the remuneration system and the employee share ownership programme can be found in the chapters 'Human Resources Report', 'Corporate Governance  Declaration'  and  the  'Combined  Non-Financial Group Declaration'.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

| - C.1 124 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME AND STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  - C.2 125     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION  - C.3 126     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  - C.4 127     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY  - C.5 128     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  1. 128     General disclosures  - 1.1 128 Information about the c ompany  - 1.2 128 General disclosures on the consolidated financial statements  2. 130     Consolidation  - 2.1 130 Consolidated companies  - 2.2 133 Changes in the scope of consolidation  - 2.3 134 Consolidation methods  - 2.4 135 Foreign currency translation  3. 135     Reporting and valuation methods  - 3.1 135 Income statement  - 3.2 136 Assets  - 3.3 139 Equity and liabilities  - 3.4 139 Hedging relationships  - 3.5 140 Estimation uncertainties and discretionary decisions   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 4.  141     Explanations and disclosures on individual items of  the	consolidated	financial	statements  4.1  141  Consolidated statement of income  4.2  148  Consolidated statement of financial position  4.3  163  Additional disclosures on financial instruments  5.  170     Other disclosures  5.1  170  Segment reporting  5.2  171  Contingent liabilities and other financial obligations  5.3  171  Share-based payments  5.4  175  Related party disclosure  5.5  177  Proposal for allocation of unappropriated profit  5.6  178  Events subsequent to the reporting date  5.7  178  Declaration of conformity in accordance with section  161 of the  G  erman  S  tock  C  orporation  A  ct (AktG)  5.8  178  Authorisation of the consolidated financial statements  in accordance with IAS 10.17   |
|---|

<!-- image -->

## C \\ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## C.1 \\  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME AND STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

of Sixt SE, Pullach, for the financial year ended 31 December 2022

| Consolidated Statement of Income  in EUR thousand  Notes  2022  2021  Revenue  \4.1\  3,066,180  2,282,448  Other operating income  \4.2\  309,277  157,268  Fleet expenses  \4.3\  629,954  506,496  Personnel expenses  \4.4\  567,733  405,286  a)  Wages and salaries  485,799  348,616  b)  Social security contributions  81,934  56,670  Depreciation and amortisation expense including impairments  \4.5\  554,639  370,039  a)  Depreciation of rental vehicles  1  407,658  241,721  b)  Depreciation of property and equipment 1  140,078  122,890  c)  Amortisation of intangible assets  6,903  5,428  Other operating expenses  \4.6\  1,034,346  678,717  Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT)  588,785  479,178  Financial result  \4.7\  -38,635  -37,009  a)  Interest income  1,416  766  b)  Interest expense  40,110  37,849  c)  Other net financial income  60  75  Earnings before taxes (EBT)  550,150  442,169  Income tax expense  \4.8\  164,445  129,019  Consolidated profit/loss  385,705  313,150  Of which attributable to minority interests  -  3  Of which attributable to shareholders of Sixt SE  385,705  313,148  Earnings per ordinary share - basic (in EUR) 2  \4.9\  8.21  6.66  Earnings per preference share - basic (in EUR) 2  \4.9\  8.23  6.68   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  in EUR thousand  Notes  2022  2021  Consolidated profit/loss  385,705  313,150  Other comprehensive income (not recognised in the income statement)  21,162  38,469  Components that could be recognised in the income statement in the future  Currency translation gains/losses  22,715  44,677  Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments in hedge relationships  -1,131  572  Related deferred taxes  282  -143  Components that could not be recognised in the income statement in the future  Remeasurement of defined benefit plans  \4.23\  617  479  Related deferred taxes  -144  -62  Remeasurement of equity investments  -1,180  -7,143  Related deferred taxes  4  89  Total comprehensive income  406,867  351,619  Of which attributable to minority interests  -  3  Of which attributable to shareholders of Sixt SE  406,867  351,617   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Since financial year 2022 depreciation of rental vehicles contains the depreciation of right of use assets for rental vehicles financed by lease contracts, that was reported under depreciation of property and equipment in the previous year. The prior year comparative figures have been adjusted accordingly.

2 The diluted earnings per share correspond to the basic earnings per share

## C.2 \\  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

of Sixt SE, Pullach, as at 31 December 2022

| Assets  in EUR thousand  Notes  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  Non-current assets  Goodwill  \4.10\  24,923  18,442  Intangible assets  \4.11\  44,001  28,164  Property and equipment 1  \4.12\  633,349  541,033  Investment property  \4.13\  6,656  6,779  Financial assets  \4.14\  1,393  2,911  Other receivables and assets  \4.18\  7,968  7,614  Deferred tax assets  \4.8\  12,395  31,689  Total non-current assets  730,685  636,632  Current assets  Rental vehicles 1  \4.15\  3,833,393  2,856,632  Inventories  \4.16\  50,039  27,056  Trade receivables  \4.17\  535,852  514,778  Other receivables and assets  \4.18\  349,531  185,960  Income tax receivables  25,216  34,268  Cash, cash equivalents and bank balances  \4.19\  26,569  265,835  Total current assets  4,820,600  3,884,529  Total assets  5,551,285  4,521,162   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Equity and liabilities  in EUR thousand  Notes  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  Equity  Subscribed capital  \4.20\  120,175  120,175  Capital reserves  \4.21\  204,771  200,538  Other reserves  \4.22\  1,654,463  1,425,473  Total equity  1,979,408  1,746,186  Non-current liabilities and provisions  Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits  \4.23\  2,680  3,051  Other provisions  \4.24\  19,188  16,748  Financial liabilities  \4.25\  1,626,937  1,602,688  Other liabilities  \4.26\  3,177  -  Deferred tax liabilities  \4.8\  51,300  14,111  Total non-current liabilities and provisions  1,703,283  1,636,598  Current liabilities and provisions  Other provisions  \4.24\  158,673  142,445  Income tax liabilities  74,396  52,632  Financial liabilities  \4.25\  878,194  398,661  Trade payables  \4.27\  636,938  401,729  Other liabilities  \4.26\  120,394  142,910  Total current liabilities and provisions  1,868,594  1,138,377  Total equity and liabilities  5,551,285  4,521,162   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 The right of use assets for rental vehicles financed by lease contracts that were previously included in position property and equipment are reported in the position rental vehicles since financial year 2022. The prior year comparative figures have been adjusted accordingly.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## C.3 \\  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

of Sixt SE, Pullach, for the financial year ended 31 December 2022

| Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  in EUR thousand  Notes  2022  2021  Operating activities  Consolidated profit/loss  385,705  313,150  Income taxes recognised in the income statement  \4.8\  113,123  106,486  Income taxes paid  -82,488  -90,565  Financial result recognised in the income statement 1  \4.7\  38,695  37,083  Interest received  622  919  Interest paid  -34,943  -34,572  Dividends received  400  -  Depreciation and amortisation expense including impairments 2  \4.5\  546,659  370,039  Income from disposal of fixed assets  1,584  2,534  Other (non-)cash expenses and income  72,120  48,517  Gross cash flow  1,041,478  753,592  Depreciation and impairments on rental vehicles 3  \4.5\  -377,774  -238,410  Gross cash flow before changes in working capital  663,704  515,182  Change in rental vehicles 3  \4.15\  -837,718  -642,246  Change in inventories  \4.16\  -22,970  54,274  Change in trade receivables  \4.17\  -14,663  15,265  Change in trade payables  \4.27\  233,797  -21,084  Change in other net assets  -223,731  157,721  Net cash flows used in/from operating activities  -201,582  79,112  Investing activities  Proceeds from the disposal of intangible assets, property and equipment  35  70  Payments for investments in intangible assets, property and equipment  \4.11\ to \4.13\  -64,764  -35,023  Payments for investments in financial assets  \4.14\  -  -85  Payments for acquisitions less acquired cash and cash equivalents  -42,472  -  Payments for investments in short-term deposits  -24  -50,024  Payments from short-term deposits  50,024  -  Net cash flows used in investing activities  -57,201  -85,062  Financing activities  Dividends paid  -174,022  -829  Payments made for the purchase of minority interests  -  -160  Payments received from borrower's note loans taken out, bonds and bank loans  \4.25\  120,000  315,000  Payments made for redemption of borrower's note loans, bonds, bank loans and lease liabilities  \4.25\  -478,447  -833,300  Payments made for redemption of/payments received from short-term financial liabilities taken out 4  \4.25\  550,018  29,990  Net cash flows from/used in financing activities  17,550  -489,299  Net change in cash and cash equivalents  -241,233  -495,249  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  1,967  7,721  Changes in the scope of consolidation  -  40  Cash and cash equivalents on 1 Jan.  265,835  753,322  Cash and cash equivalents on 31 Dec.  \4.19\  26,569  265,835   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Excluding income from investments

2 Including impairment reversals in amount of EUR 7,980 thousand (2021: EUR -)

3 Disclosure on rental vehicles does not contain right of use assets for rental vehicles financed by lease contracts

4 Short-term borrowings with terms of up to three months and quick turnover

## C.4 \\  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

of Sixt SE, Pullach, as at 31 December 2022

| Consolidated Statement of Changes in  Equity  Subscribed  capital  Capital  reserves  Other reserves  Equity  attributable  Minority  interests  Total equity  in EUR thousand  Retained  earnings  Currency  translation  reserve  Other equity  to shareholders  of Sixt SE  1 Jan. 2022  120,175  200,538  225,633  20,869  1,178,971  1,746,186  -  1,746,186  Consolidated profit/loss  -  -  -  -  385,705  385,705  -  385,705  Dividend payments in 2021  -  -  -  -  -174,022  -174,022  -  -174,022  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  22,715  -1,553  21,162  -  21,162  Increase due to the employee participation  programme  -  377  -  -  -  377  -  377  Transfer from retained earnings  -  -  -18,726  -  18,726  -  -  -  Transfer to the capital reserves  -  3,855  -  -  -3,855  -  -  -  31 Dec. 2022  120,175  204,771  206,907  43,584  1,403,971  1,979,408  -  1,979,408  1 Jan. 2021  120,175  197,280  212,439  -23,808  888,622  1,394,709  -  1,394,709  Consolidated profit/loss  -  -  -  -  313,148  313,148  3  313,150  Dividend payments in 2020  -  -  -  -  -829  -829  -  -829  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  44,677  -6,208  38,469  -  38,469  Increase due to the employee participation  programme  -  809  -  -  -  809  -  809  Changes in the scope of consolidation  -  -  -248  -  248  -  -  -  Purchase of minority interests  -  -  -120  -  -  -120  -40  -160  Transfer to retained earnings  -  -  13,562  -  -13,562  -  -  -  Transfer to the capital reserves  -  2,449  -  -  -2,449  -  -  -  Other changes  -  -  -  -  -  -  38  38  31 Dec. 2021  120,175  200,538  225,633  20,869  1,178,971  1,746,186  -  1,746,186   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See also the Notes \4.20\ to \4.22\

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## C.5 \\  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

of Sixt SE, Pullach, for the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 1. GENERAL DISCLOSURES

## 1.1 INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY

Sixt SE, domiciled in Zugspitzstrasse 1, 82049 Pullach, Germany, is registered in section B of the commercial register at the Munich Local Court, under docket number 206738. The company was formed  in  1986  as  a  result  of  a  reorganisation  of  'Sixt  Autovermietung GmbH', established in 1979, and has done business since then as 'Sixt Aktiengesellschaft', which in 2013 was converted into 'Sixt SE'. The company floated on the stock market in 1986. It has registered branches in Leipzig and at Munich Airport. The company has been established for an indefinite period.

In accordance with its Articles of Association, the purpose of the company is to rent, lease and sell vehicles, aircraft and moveable equipment, to manage, acquire, administer and provide support for companies and equity interests in companies, particularly those whose purpose wholly or partly extends to the aforementioned areas of activity, and to carry out any secondary activities that fall within these areas in the widest sense, as well as any other  business  activities  that  serve  its  purpose.  The  company may establish branches at home and abroad, found, acquire or hold equity interest stakes in other companies in and outside Germany. The limits of the aforementioned purpose shall not apply to the purpose of subsidiaries and investees. The company is entitled to hand over its operations wholly or partly to subsidiaries or investees as well as to transfer its operations wholly or partly to subsidiaries or investees. The company may limit its activities to one purpose or specific purposes of the aforementioned objects, and also to the activity of a holding company and/or the administration of other own assets.

On  the reporting date, the company's subscribed capital amounted  to  EUR  120,174,996.48.  Both  ordinary  shares  and non-voting preference shares have been issued, both categories as no-par value shares with a notional value of EUR 2.56 per share.  All  shares  have  been  fully  paid  up.  The  largest  shareholder is Erich Sixt Vermögensverwaltung GmbH, Pullach, which holds 58.3% of the ordinary shares and voting rights of the subscribed capital on the reporting date. Erich Sixt Vermögensverwaltung GmbH, Pullach, is the parent of Sixt SE, Pullach. In accordance with Section 17 of the German Stock Corporation Act

(AktG),  Sixt  SE  is  a  dependent  company  of  Erich  Sixt  Vermögensverwaltung GmbH, Pullach, as well as ES Asset Management and Services GmbH &amp; Co. KG, Pullach.

## 1.2 GENERAL DISCLOSURES ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Consolidated Financial Statements of Sixt SE as at 31 December 2022 were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs), as adopted by the EU and the applicable commercial law regulations according to Section 315e (1) of the German Commercial Code (HGB).

The Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared on the basis of the historical acquisition and production costs. Certain financial instruments that were measured at fair value as at the reporting  date  are  excluded.  The  appropriate  explanations  are given in the sections entitled 'Reporting and valuation methods' and 'Additional disclosures on financial instruments'.

The company applied the following new and/or amended standards for the first time in the current financial year:

## Amendments to IFRS 3 - Business combinations - Reference to the conceptual framework

The amendments to IFRS 3 specify, that the standard refers to the 2018 conceptual framework instead of the 1989 framework. IFRS 3 is amended by the requirement that, for transactions and other events within the scope of IAS 37 or IFRIC 21, an acquirer applies these standards instead of the conceptual framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination. Furthermore, the standard is amended by an explicit statement that contingent assets acquired in a business combination cannot be recognised. This had no material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Amendments to IAS 37 - Onerous contracts

## - Cost of fulfilling a contract

The amendments specify that the 'cost of fulfilling' a contract comprises the 'costs that relate directly to the contract'. Costs that relate directly to a contract can either be incremental costs of fulfilling that contract or an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling contracts. This had no material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The annual improvement project to the IFRS - Cycle 2018 to 2020 - resulted in amendments to various standards. These relate to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and IAS 41. The application of these amendments does not have a significant influence on reporting and valuation in the consolidated financial statements.

No other new and/or amended standards/interpretations are of relevance for the Consolidated Financial Statements of Sixt SE.

## New standards and interpretations

The following new and/or amended standards have been ratified by the IASB but are not yet mandatory. The company has not applied these regulations early.

| Standard/Interpretation  Adoption by  European  Commission  Applicable as at  IFRS 17  Insurance contracts  19 Nov. 2021  1 Jan. 2023  Amendments to IAS 1  Classification of liabilities as current or non-current, Non-current liabilities with covenants  No  1 Jan. 2024  Amendments to IAS 1  Disclosure of accounting policies  2 Mar. 2022  1 Jan. 2023  Amendments to IAS 8  Definition of accounting estimates  2 Mar. 2022  1 Jan. 2023  Amendments to IAS 12  Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction  11 Aug. 2022  1 Jan. 2023  Amendments to IFRS 16  Lease liability in a sale and leaseback  No  1 Jan. 2024  Amendments to IFRS 17  J  ä  hrliche Verbes  erungen an den IFRS 2018  -  2020  Initial application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 - Comparative information  8 Sep. 2022  1 Jan. 2023   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## IFRS 17 - Insurance contracts

The standard  IFRS  17  (Insurance  contracts)  and  the  amendments to IFRS 17 (Initial application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 Comparative information) apply to annual reporting periods beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2023.  The  standard  replaces IFRS 4 and establishes consistent principles for the recognition, measurement,  presentation  and  disclosure  of  insurance  contracts. In connection to the rental of vehicles, Sixt provides its customers various protection products. These protection products are not considered insurance contracts within the meaning of IFRS 17, as Sixt does not take over any risk from its customers, that the customers have previously been exposed to.

## Application of new standards and interpretations

No material changes are expected from the application of other published new and/or amended standards and interpretations. Sixt Group currently does not expect to apply any of the new and/or amended standards early.

The Consolidated Statement of Income is prepared using the total cost (nature of expense) method.

The Group currency of Sixt SE is the euro (EUR). Unless specified otherwise the amounts stated in the Consolidated Financial Statements are in 'EUR thousand'.

Due to rounding it is possible that individual figures in these Consolidated Financial Statements do not add up exactly to the totals shown. For the same reason, the percentage figures presented may not always exactly reflect the absolute figures to which they relate to.

The Annual Financial Statements of Sixt SE, the Consolidated Financial  Statements  and  the  Combined  Management Report are  submitted  electronically  to  the  agency  that  maintains  the company register (Unternehmensregister) to be included in the company register.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 2. CONSOLIDATION

## 2.1 CONSOLIDATED COMPANIES

The scope of consolidated companies derives from the application of IFRS 10 (consolidated financial statements).

| Name  Domicile  Equity interest  1501 NW 49 ST 33309, LLC  Wilmington  100 %  AKRIMO Beteiligungs GmbH  Pullach  100 %  AKRIMO GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Pullach  100 %  Atlic Rent SARL  Chambray-lès-  Tours  100 %  Azucarloc SARL  Cannes  100 %  Benezet Location SARL  Nimes  100 %  BLM Verwaltungs GmbH  Pullach  100 %  Blueprint Holding GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Pullach  100 %  Bopobiloc SARL  Mérignac  100 %  Brenoloc SARL  Rennes  100 %  Capitole Autos SARL  Toulouse  100 %  Eaux Vives Location SARL  Grenoble  100 %  Eiffel City Rent SARL  Neuilly-sur-Seine  100 %  Europa Service Car Ltd.  Chesterfield  100 %  Flash Holding GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Pullach  100 %  Francilsud Location SARL  Athis-Mons  100 %  Hireco 2 Holdings Ltd  Clydebank  100 %  Lightning Holding GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Pullach  100 %  Matterhorn Holding GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Pullach  100 %  Mobimars SARL  Marignane  100 %  Nizza Mobility SARL  Nice  100 %  Ory Rent SARL  Orly  100 %  Phocemoove SARL  Marseille  100 %  Rail Paris Mobility SARL  Paris  100 %  RhôneSaône Mobility SARL  Colombier-  Saugnieu  100 %  Septentri Loc SARL  Marcq-en-Baroeul  100 %  Sigma Grundstücks- und Verwaltungs GmbH &amp; Co. Immobilien KG  Pullach  100 %  Sigma Pi Holding GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Pullach  100 %  SIL CAP, LLC  South Burlington  100 %  Sixt Air GmbH  Weßling  100 %  Sixt Asset and Finance SAS  Avrigny  100 %  Sixt B.V.  Hoofddorp  100 %  Sixt Belgium BV  Machelen  100 %  Sixt Beteiligungen GmbH &amp; Co. Holding KG  Pullach  100 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Consolidated Financial Statements of Sixt SE as at 31 December 2022 include the following fully consolidated companies (the equity interest corresponds to the voting power).

## Table continued:

| Name  Domicile  Equity interest  Sixt Canadian Holding GmbH  Pullach  100 %  Sixt Car Sales GmbH  Garching  100 %  Sixt Car Sales, LLC  Wilmington  100 %  Sixt Développement SARL  Paris  100 %  Sixt Fleet Transfer LLC  Wilmington  100 %  Sixt Franchise USA, LLC  Wilmington  100 %  Sixt Funding Associate LLC  Wilmington  100 %  Sixt Funding LLC  Wilmington  100 %  Sixt G.m.b.H.  Vienna  100 %  Sixt GmbH  Munich  100 %  Sixt GmbH &amp; Co. Autovermietung KG  Pullach  100 %  Sixt Insurance Services PCC Ltd.  St. Peter Port  100 %  Sixt International Services GmbH  Pullach  100 %  Sixt Limousine SARL  Clichy  100 %  Sixt Limousine Switzerland AG (in liquidation)  Basle  100 %  Sixt Plc  Langley  100 %  Sixt R&amp;D Private Limited  Bangalore  100 %  SIXT RENT A CAR INC.  Vancouver  100 %  Sixt Rent A Car Ltd.  Langley  100 %  SIXT RENT A CAR S.L.U.  Palma de Mallorca  100 %  Sixt rent a car srl  Eppan  100 %  Sixt Rent A Car, LLC  Wilmington  100 %  Sixt rent-a-car AG  Basle  100 %  Sixt Research Development Services, Lda.  Lisbon  100 %  Sixt Ride GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Pullach  100 %  Sixt Ride Holding GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Pullach  100 %  SIXT S.A.R.L.  Monaco  100 %  SIXT S.à.r.l.  Luxembourg  100 %  Sixt SAS  Avrigny  100 %  Sixt Seine SARL  Paris  100 %  Sixt Shack 2821S Federal Highway FLL, LLC  Wilmington  100 %  Sixt Systems GmbH  Pullach  100 %  Sixt Titling Trust  Wilmington  100 %  Sixt Transatlantik GmbH  Pullach  100 %  Sixt Ventures GmbH  Pullach  100 %  Sixt Verwaltungsgesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung &amp; Co. Delta Immobilien KG  Pullach  100 %  Sixt Verwaltungsgesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung &amp; Co. Epsilon Immobilien KG  Pullach  100 %  Sixt Verwaltungsgesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung &amp; Co. Gamma Immobilien KG  Pullach  100 %  Sixt Verwaltungsgesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung &amp; Co. Sita Immobilien KG  Pullach  100 %  Sixti SARL  Tremblay-en-  France  100 %  Smaragd International Holding GmbH  Pullach  100 %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Tabel continued:

| Name  Domicile  Equity interest  Speed Holding GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Pullach  100 %  SVAT Ltd (formerly: GAP Hire Limited)  Clydebank  100 %  SXT Beteiligungsverwaltungs GmbH  Pullach  100 %  SXT Dienstleistungen GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Rostock  100 %  SXT DR Services GmbH  Pullach  100 %  SXT International Projects and Finance GmbH  Pullach  100 %  SXT Projects and Finance GmbH  Pullach  100 %  SXT Reservierungs- und Vertriebs-GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Rostock  100 %  SXT Retina Lab GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Pullach  100 %  SXT Services GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Pullach  100 %  SXT Telesales GmbH  Berlin  100 %  Tango International Holding GmbH  Pullach  100 %  TOV 6-Systems  Kiev  100 %  United Kenning Rental Group Ltd.  Langley  100 %  United Mile Fleet, LLC (in liquidation)  1  100 %  United Rental Group America Limited (in liquidation)  Chesterfield  100 %  United Rental Group Ltd.  Chesterfield  100 %  United Rentalsystem SARL  Mulhouse  100 %  Urbanizy Loc SARL  Paris  100 %  Utilymoov SARL  Roissy-en-France  100 %  Varmayol Rent SARL  La Valette-du-Var  100 %  Velocity Holding GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Pullach  100 %  West Country Self Drive Ltd  Slough  100 %  West Country Self Drive Services Limited  Slough  100 %  Wezz Rent SARL  Bouguenais  100 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 The company doesn`t have a legal address

The following list shows all Group companies that have not been consolidated. These subsidiaries, most of which have no operating activities, have not been consolidated because of their insignificance in the aggregate for the presentation of a true and fair view of the net assets, financial position and results of operations of the Group. The combined revenue of these companies amounts to less than 1% of consolidated revenue.

| Name  Domicile  Equity 1  Equity interest  Annual result 1  CV Main 2000 UA 2  Schiphol  505,814 EUR  50 %  - EUR  Sixt Beteiligungen GmbH  Pullach  13,814 EUR  100 %  -1,654 EUR  Sixt Immobilien Beteiligungen GmbH  Pullach  207,340 EUR  100 %  5,867 EUR  Sixt Ride Holding Verwaltungs GmbH  Pullach  15,641 EUR  100 %  -1,861 EUR  Sixt Ride Verwaltungs GmbH  Pullach  14,903 EUR  100 %  -1,189 EUR  Sixt Verwaltungs B.V.  Hoofddorp  39,004 EUR  100 %  -4,287 EUR  Sixt Verwaltungs-GmbH  Vienna  30,852 EUR  100 %  -11,184 EUR  SXT Projects and Services GmbH  Pullach  25,000 EUR  100 %  -2,804 EUR  SXT Projects GmbH  Pullach  21,776 EUR  100 %  -3,224 EUR  SXT Retina Lab Verwaltungs GmbH  Pullach  13,188 EUR  100 %  -2,686 EUR  SXT V+R Verwaltungs GmbH  Rostock  17,670 EUR  100 %  -922 EUR  SXT Verwaltungs GmbH  Pullach  19,360 EUR  100 %  -896 EUR  TÜV SÜD Car Registration &amp; Services GmbH  Munich  1,098,540 EUR  50 %  264,172 EUR   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 All information is based on preliminary, unaudited financial statements
- 2 Financial figures for financial year 2021

In  accordance  with  Section  264b  of  the  German  Commercial Code (HGB), the following companies are exempt from the obligation to prepare and publish annual financial statements under the provisions applicable to corporations: Akrimo GmbH &amp; Co. KG, Pullach, Blueprint Holding GmbH &amp; Co. KG, Pullach, Flash Holding GmbH &amp; Co. KG, Pullach, Lightning Holding GmbH &amp; Co. KG, Pullach, Matterhorn Holding GmbH &amp; Co. KG, Pullach, Sigma Grundstücks- und Verwaltungs GmbH &amp; Co. Immobilien KG, Pullach, Sigma Pi Holding GmbH &amp; Co. KG, Pullach, Sixt Beteiligungen GmbH &amp; Co. Holding KG, Pullach, Sixt GmbH &amp; Co. Autovermietung KG, Pullach, Sixt Ride GmbH &amp; Co. KG, Pullach, Sixt Ride Holding GmbH &amp; Co. KG, Pullach, Sixt Verwaltungsgesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung &amp; Co. Delta Immobilien  KG,  Pullach,  Sixt  Verwaltungsgesellschaft  mit  beschränkter Haftung &amp; Co. Epsilon Immobilien KG, Pullach, Sixt Verwaltungsgesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung &amp; Co. Gamma Immobilien KG, Pullach, Sixt Verwaltungsgesellschaft mit  beschränkter  Haftung  &amp;  Co.  Sita  Immobilien  KG,  Pullach, Speed Holding GmbH &amp; Co. KG, Pullach, SXT Dienstleistungen GmbH &amp; Co. KG, Rostock, SXT Reservierungs- und VertriebsGmbH &amp; Co. KG, Rostock, SXT Retina Lab GmbH &amp; Co. KG, Pullach, SXT Services GmbH &amp; Co. KG, Pullach, as well as Velocity  Holding  GmbH  &amp;  Co.  KG,  Pullach.  Sixt  Transatlantik GmbH, Pullach, Smaragd International Holding GmbH, Pullach, SXT  International  Projects  and  Finance  GmbH,  Pullach,  and SXT Projects and Finance GmbH, Pullach, make use of the exemption with regard to publication provided for in Section 264 (3) of the HGB.

## 2.2 CHANGES IN THE SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION

The following changes in the consolidated Group compared to the end of 2021 took place:

In  the  third  quarter  of  2022  the  Group  acquired  100%  of  the shares in each of the following four companies in Great Britain for a total consideration of EUR 45.9 million. The consideration was paid entirely in cash.

- \ \ SVAT Ltd. (formerly: GAP Hire Ltd.), Clydebank
- \ \ Hireco 2 Holdings Ltd., Clydebank
- \ \ West Country Self Drive Ltd., Slough
- \ \ West Country Self Drive Services Limited, Slough

In line with the Sixt Group's growth strategy in the Van &amp; Truck business, the acquisitions serve to strengthen the Van &amp; Truck business in the segment Europe. Thanks to these acquisitions, Sixt Van &amp; Truck UK achieves the end-to-end coverage with services, depot/station network and the fleet that is important for large customers operating nationwide. On the other hand, the success-critical depth of value creation in the area of customisation  and  in  the  repair  and  maintenance  sector  was  gained, which is of great importance to the further expansion of the longterm rental business.

The difference between the consideration transferred and the acquired,  revalued  net  assets  was  preliminary  recognised  as goodwill. The recognised goodwill in amount of EUR 6.8 million

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

is likely not tax deductible. The purchase price allocation of the acquisitions could not be finalised as at the balance sheet date. The preliminary nature of the purchase price allocation is due to the fact, that the preparation and the audit of the companies' financial statements have not been completed yet.

| Goodwill calculation  in EUR million  2022  Consideration transferred  45.9  Net assets acquired  39.1  Foreign exchange differences  -0.3  Balance as at 31 December  6.5   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The acquired assets and liabilities at fair value upon the acquisition break down as follows:

| Net assets acquired  Fair Value  in EUR million  at the date of  acquisition  Intangible assets and Property and equipment  3.0  Rental vehicles  103.7  Inventories  0.0  Trade receivables  6.4  Other receivables and assets  1.6  Cash and bank balances  3.5  Total assets  118.2  Financial liabilities  64.9  Trade payables  1.4  Other liabilities  4.1  Income tax and deferred tax liabilities  8.7  Total liabilities  79.1  Balance of net assets acquired  39.1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The gross amount of accounts receivables is EUR 6.6 million of which EUR 0.2 million is deemed to be not recoverable.

The companies acquired and consolidated in the financial year 2022 contributed EUR 12.4 million to the revenue, and EUR -1.5 million to the consolidated profit/loss. If the acquisition had been concluded on 1 January 2022, the imputed revenue would have been EUR 40.5 million, and the imputed consolidated profit/loss would have amounted to EUR -5.6 million.

The below reported changes in the scope of consolidation had no noteworthy effects on the Group's net assets, financial and earnings position.

The company Sixt Research Development Services, Lda., Lisbon, that was founded by Sixt Group has been newly consolidated. In addition, Sigma Grundstücks- und Verwaltungs GmbH, Pullach, has been merged into BLM Verwaltungs GmbH, Pullach.

## 2.3 CONSOLIDATION METHODS

The single-entity financial  statements included in the Consolidated Financial Statements are uniformly prepared in accordance with the IFRS accounting policies applicable to Sixt Group as at the balance sheet date, in this case 31 December 2022. Where necessary, the single-entity financial statements of the consolidated companies are adjusted to bring them into line with the accounting policies used within the Group. Subsidiaries are those companies that are controlled by the Group. Control exists if the Group is exposed to variable returns from the relationship with a company and its power over the relevant activities gives it the opportunity to influence these returns. Control results from existing rights that give it the ability to direct the main activities, therefore the activities that have a material impact on the profitability  of  the  company.  As  a  rule,  the  possibility  of  control  is based  on  a  direct  or  indirect  majority  of  the  voting  rights  by Sixt SE. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the possibility of control exists. They are no longer consolidated when this possibility no longer exists.

Acquisition accounting is performed in accordance with IFRS 3, which requires business combinations to be accounted for using the acquisition method. Assets and liabilities acquired must generally be recognised at fair value. Any excess of the cost of the business combination over the Group's share of the net fair values of the acquiree's assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities is recognised as goodwill and tested for impairment on a regular basis, at least once a year.

The assets and liabilities from the business combination to be recognised at their fair values are depreciated or amortised over their applicable useful lives. If they have an indefinite useful life, any need to recognise impairment losses is determined using the same method as for goodwill.

Intra-group transactions are eliminated in the course of consolidation. Significant receivables, liabilities and provisions between consolidated companies are offset against each other, and inter-

company profits and losses are eliminated. Intra-group income is  offset  against  the  corresponding  expenses.  Deferred  taxes are recognised as required by IAS 12 for temporary differences arising on consolidation.

The results of subsidiaries consolidated for the first time during the year are included in the Consolidated Statement of Income from the date of their initial consolidation.

## 2.4 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION

The financial statements of consolidated foreign subsidiaries are translated using the functional currency concept. The subsidiaries' functional currency is in each case the local currency, as the subsidiaries operate independently in their respective markets.

Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing rate, equity at historic prices. Income statement items are translated at the average rates for the year. The resulting difference to the closing rate is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity as currency translation differences.

Goodwill arising out of the acquisition of a foreign business operation and any fair value adjustments to the identifiable assets and liabilities  are  to  be  treated  as  assets  and  liabilities  of  the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate. The resulting differences from translation are recognised in the reserves from currency translations.

The exchange rates (= EUR 1) applied for currency translation of the most significant currencies are shown in the table below:

| Exchange rates  Closing rate  Average rate  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  2022  2021  British pound  0.88693  0.84028  0.85482  0.85840  Canadian dollar  1.44400  1.43930  1.37036  1.48039  Swiss Francs  0.98470  1.03310  1.00170  1.07988  US-Dollar  1.06660  1.13260  1.04998  1.18156   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3. REPORTING AND VALUATION METHODS

## 3.1 INCOME STATEMENT

## Revenue

Revenue is recognised when a contract with enforceable rights and obligations exists and control of goods has been transferred to the customer or the service has been rendered. Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. It is the amount receivable for goods and services provided in the course of ordinary operating activities. Revenue from services is recognised on a straight-line basis over the service period.

For services that are not provided by the Group, thus where the Group acts as an agent, revenue is only recognised in the amount related to the brokerage service of the Group. Amounts received in the name and on account of third parties are not recognised as revenue.

Discounts, bonuses and VAT/sales or other taxes relating to the goods or services provided are deducted from revenue.

Vehicle  sales  are  recognised  when  the  vehicle  is  delivered  and ownership is transferred, the amount of revenue and the costs still to be incurred can be determined reliably and an incoming benefit is probable. The Group does not recognise proceeds from the sale of used vehicles, as rental fleet vehicles are predominantly sold under buy-back agreements. To better reflect this fact, proceeds from the sale of used vehicles are not recognised. Instead, the selling expenses carried under fleet expenses are reduced by the corresponding amounts. Any remaining balance is allocated to depreciation and amortisation expense.

## Government grants

Government grants are recognised at fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attached to the grant. They are recognised in profit or loss on a predefined basis over the periods in that the Group recognises the related  costs  that  the  grants  are  intended  to  compensate  for. Grants relating to profit or loss are offset against the corresponding expenses, as far as attributable.

## Financial result

Interest  income and expense presented in the financial result is recognised on an accrual basis taking into account the outstanding loan amount and the applicable interest rate. The effective interest method is applied for this. Income and expense arising from profit and  loss  transfer  agreements  are  recognised  at  the  end  of  the

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

financial year, while dividend income is recognised on the date from which the shareholder is entitled to receive payment thereof.

## Income tax expense

Income tax expense is the aggregate of current tax expense and deferred taxes.

Current and deferred taxes are generally recognised in the Statement of Income, except where they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case the current and deferred taxes are also recognised in other comprehensive income or equity.

Current tax expense is calculated on the basis of the taxable income for the year.

In accordance with the balance sheet liability method as defined by IAS 12 (Income taxes), deferred taxes are principally formed for all temporary differences arising from deviations in the valuation of assets and liabilities from the corresponding tax basis. Deferred tax assets  are  also  recognised  for  the  carryforward  of  unused  tax losses.

## Earnings per share

Earnings per share are measured in accordance with IAS 33 (Earnings per share). Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the share in post-tax earnings of the parent company's shareholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the financial year. Consolidated profit is to be allocated to the different classes of shares. If applicable, diluted earnings per share are reported separately.

## 3.2 ASSETS

## Goodwill

Any goodwill generated from a business combination is recognised at cost less any necessary impairment and reported separately in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. For the purpose of testing impairment, goodwill is allocated to those cash-generating units (or groups) of the Group, of which it is expected that they can draw benefit from the synergies of the business combination.

Those cash-generating units, to which a portion of goodwill is allocated, must be tested for impairment at least annually. In addition, the cash-generating units need to be tested for impairment in case of a triggering event. If the recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit is smaller than the carrying amount of the unit, the impairment loss must be allocated first to the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. The recoverable amount is the higher amount from the value in use and the fair value less costs to sell.

Any impairment of goodwill is recognised directly  in  the  income statement. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not to be reversed in subsequent periods.

The annual impairment test is based on management's planning. The  planning  assumptions  used  to  determine  the  recoverable amount, which is the value in use, are adapted annually to reflect current market conditions and the company's results of operations. The actual amounts can differ from these assumptions. The model used for the impairment test is based on the discounted cash flow method, with a multi-year plan and a growth factor taken as the basis in deriving a sustainable figure. The assumptions used for the model are based on external observations.

## Intangible assets

Intangible assets include purchased and internally developed software, as well as any payments on account in respect of intangible assets.

Purchased intangible assets are capitalised at acquisition cost less accumulated amortisation and impairments, while internally generated intangible assets are only capitalised at production cost if the criteria set out in IAS 38 have been met. If the capitalisation criteria have not been met, the expenses are recognised in the income statement in the year in which they are incurred. Intangible assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over a useful life of two to twenty years. In accordance with IAS 36, intangible assets whose useful lives cannot be determined or are generally indefinite are tested for impairment on an annual basis and, where necessary, written down to their recoverable amount.

## Property and equipment and investment property

Property and equipment are carried at cost less straight-line depreciation  and  recognised  impairments.  Investment  property  is  assessed according to the cost model at cost less straight-line depreciation and recognised impairment.

Depreciation is performed in a way that the acquisition costs of assets less their residual values are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their useful lives. The expected useful lives, residual values and depreciation methods are re-evaluated at the end of each reporting period and all necessary changes in estimates are applied

prospectively. Depreciation is based on the following useful lives, which apply uniformly throughout the Group:

| Useful lives  Buildings and fixtures in buildings  12 to 50 years  Operating and office equipment  2 to 20 years   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Property and equipment are derecognised either on disposal or when no further economic benefit is to be expected from the continued use of the asset. The resulting gain or loss from the sale or retirement of property and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and recognised in profit or loss.

## Leases

Leases concluded by Sixt Group as lessee are recognised as lease liabilities under the item financial liabilities and as corresponding right of use assets.

The lease liability is initially measured at the amount of the future lease  payments,  discounted  with the  interest rate  implicit  in  the lease or, if not readily determinable, the lessee's incremental borrowing rate. Sixt Group generally uses the incremental borrowing rate for the respective currency.

The measurement of the lease liability includes fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable, variable payments that depend on an index or a rate, amounts expected to be paid under a residual value guarantee, the exercise price of a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments for extension periods, if the group is reasonably certain to exercise the extension option or the lessor is entitled to the extension option, as well as agreed compensation for the termination of a lease, unless the Group is reasonably certain that the lease will not be terminated early.

Right of use assets are initially measured at the amount of the lease liability  adjusted for any payments made at the beginning of the lease, initial direct costs and any lease incentives received.

The lease liability is subsequently measured at amortised cost according to the effective interest method. The right of use asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the asset or the term of the lease.

The  lease  liability  is  remeasured,  if  the  future  lease  payments change due to the adjustment of the contract, an index or a rate, if the assumption regarding the amount expected to be paid under a residual value guarantee changes, or if the Group changes its assumption regarding the exercise of a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured, a corresponding adjustment is made to the right of use asset.

Lease liabilities are presented within the financial liabilities, the right of use assets are reported under property and equipment or rental vehicles, depending on the leased asset.

Sixt Group applies the exemption to not recognise right of use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases and leases for assets of  low  value.  This  concerns  in  particular  lease  agreements  for rental vehicles as well as rental stations and other business premises with a contractual term of up to one year. Sixt Group recognises the payments of these leases directly in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

The Group reviews the carrying amounts of property and equipment and intangible assets including right of use assets at each balance sheet date, to determine whether there are any indications of an impairment of these assets. If any such indications are identified, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated to determine the extent of a possible impairment expense.

Leases concluded by Sixt Group as lessor are classified as finance leases, if under the lease agreement all opportunities and risks associated with ownership are essentially transferred to the lessee. All other leasing relations are classified as operate leases.

## Rental vehicles

Own  rental  vehicles  are  measured  at  cost,  including  incidental costs, less straight-line depreciation to their residual values. The residual values are based on the buy-back value per vehicle type contractually agreed with the suppliers. If no buy-back value has been agreed, the vehicles must be sold by the Group on the open market. In this case the residual value is based on the expected fair value. In estimating the expected fair value the Group is exposed to the development of the used car market. The value of the vehicles is analysed regularly based on the company's own experience and market observations. Write-downs for impairment are recognised to the extent that recognition of a lower value is required.

The accounting and valuation methods described under the section Leases are applied to the right of use assets for rental vehicles financed by lease contracts.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Inventories

The item inventories contains vehicles for sale. These are measured at amortised cost, including incidental costs, and are regularly compared with the net realisable value. If it is lower, an impairment loss is recognised.

Raw materials, consumables and supplies are carried at the lower of cost, including incidental costs and discounts, or net realisable value.

## Financial assets, other receivables and assets

Financial assets are composed of loans granted and receivables, equity  instruments,  purchased  debt  instruments,  cash  and  cash equivalents, and derivatives. Financial assets are recognised when the Group has a contractual right to receive cash or another financial asset from another party. Purchases and sales of financial assets are generally recognised at the settlement date. Financial assets are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs if applicable. Transaction costs incurred for the purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss. Subsequent measurement is based on the allocation  of  the  financial  assets  to  the  categories  according  to IFRS 9.

The Group classifies financial assets in the following measurement categories: at fair value, with changes recognised either through profit or loss or through other comprehensive income and at amortised cost.

Financial  assets  that  are  held  for  collection  of  contractual  cash flows and those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Trade receivables, financial receivables and loans reported in other assets, as well as cash and cash equivalents are assigned to this measurement category. Interest income from items in this category is calculated using the effective interest method unless the receivables are short-term and the effect of interest accumulation is immaterial.

Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for sale, and whose cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. These are, in particular, debt instruments not held to maturity. Changes in the fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income. Changes in fair value are only recognised in profit or loss when the instrument is disposed of. Interest income from these financial assets is included in the financial result using the effective interest rate method. At present, the Group does not report any debt instruments that are not held to maturity.

Equity instruments in companies listed on the stock exchange that are not held for trading are also measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. Changes in fair value of such equity instruments are recognised in other comprehensive income and are not recycled to profit or loss upon disposal.

Assets that are not measured at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income, are measured at fair value through  profit  or  loss.  Equity  instruments  in  companies  whose shares are not traded on the stock exchange and derivatives reported in other financial assets are assigned to this category. The gain or loss resulting from the measurement of derivative financial instruments is immediately recognised in profit or loss, unless the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging instrument in a hedging relationship (hedge accounting). In this case, the timing of the recognition in the income statement of the measurement result depends on the type of hedging relationship.

With  the  exception  of  financial  assets  measured  at  fair  value through profit or loss and at fair value through other comprehensive income, financial assets are assessed at each reporting date on the basis of expected credit losses. The impairment method applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risks. For trade receivables and receivables from insurances, the Group applies the simplified approach, whereby an impairment allowance in the amount of expected credit losses over the lifetime of the receivables is recognised for all instruments irrespective of their credit quality.

Some categories of financial assets, such as trade receivables, are tested for impairment on a portfolio basis. The portfolio-based assessment is carried out by grouping together assets with similar risk characteristics, such as customer group, customer creditworthiness and transaction type to determine an impairment provision that reflects the expected probability of default.

When assessing the portfolio-based impairment, the Group uses the historical information on the timing of recoveries and defaults in addition to management expectations and makes necessary adjustments to reflect current and expected future economic conditions that may affect defaults.

In the case of financial assets measured at amortised cost, the impairment loss corresponds to the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and the net present value of expected future

cash flows determined on the basis of the original effective interest rate of the asset.

An impairment of the affected financial assets is recognised in an impairment account (allowance account). Changes in the carrying amount of the impairment account are recognised in profit or loss.

When the Group concludes that there are no realistic prospects of recovering  the  asset,  the  respective  amount  is  written-off.  The Group also derecognises a financial asset if the contractual right to cash flows from the financial asset expires or the financial asset and practically all the opportunities and risks associated with the financial asset are transferred to a third party.

## 3.3 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

## Shared-based payments

Cash-settled share-based payment transactions are measured at fair value at the grant date and at each reporting date up to and including the settlement date. The fair value is recognised in the income statement as personnel expenses over the period until the vesting date and presented as a liability under other provisions.

Equity-settled  share-based  payment  transactions  to  employees are measured at the grant date fair value of the equity instruments granted. The fair value determined at the grant date of the equitysettled  share-based  payments  is  recognised  as  expense  on  a straight-line basis over the vesting period with a corresponding increase in equity (capital reserves) and is based on the Group's expectations regarding the equity instruments expected to vest. The Group reviews at each balance sheet date its estimate regarding the quantity of equity instruments expected to vest.

The section entitled 'Share-based payments' provides further information on the determination of the fair value of share-based payments.

## Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits

Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits are measured annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method. The measurement is based on actuarial valuations relying on financial and demographic assumptions. The assumptions are reviewed for appropriateness at each balance sheet date.

The amount recognised as provisions for pensions and other postemployment benefits in the Consolidated Statement of Financial

Position  is  the  current  deficit  of  the  defined  benefit  plans  of  the Group.

Service  costs  are  recognised  in  personnel  expenses  within  the Consolidated Statement of Income, while the net interest result is recognised as part of finance costs. Remeasurements of the defined  benefit  obligation,  net of deferred  taxes,  are recognised  in other equity. These amounts recognised in other comprehensive income are not recognised in the income statement in the future.

## Provisions

Adequate  provisions  are  recognised  for  potential  obligations  to third parties if these are attributable to a past event, if utilisation is more likely than not and provided a reliable estimate can be made of the probable amount of the obligation. Such liabilities are only accounted for as provisions if their amount is uncertain and payment to settle the obligation is probable. The measurements are made with the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the balance sheet date, taking into account the risks and uncertainties inherent in the obligation. Where a provision is measured on the basis of the estimated cash flows for meeting the obligation, these cash flows are discounted if the impact on interest is significant.

## Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities are measured on initial recognition at their fair value and subsequently according to the effective interest method at amortised cost less directly attributable transaction costs, where applicable. Lease liabilities to the lessor are initially recognised at the present value of the future lease payments and subsequently measured according to the effective interest method at amortised cost. Only the interest portion is recognised as expense within the financial result.

## 3.4 HEDGING RELATIONSHIPS

The Group designates individual financial  instruments,  including derivatives, as part of cash flow hedges where applicable. Hedging relationships are recognised in accordance with IFRS 9.

Eligibility and details of the hedge relationship between the underlying and the hedging transaction as well as the relevant risk management objectives and strategies are documented at the start of hedge accounting. In addition, both at the inception of the hedging relationship and over the course of the relationship, it is regularly documented  whether  the  hedging  instrument  designated  in  the hedge relationship meets the requirements for hedge effectiveness.

The effective portion of the change in the fair value of derivatives that are suitable for cash flow hedges and have been designated as such, is recognised in other comprehensive income under the item changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments in hedge relationships. The gain or loss from the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the income statement under other operating income or other operating expenses. Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income are transferred to the income statement during the period in which the hedge underlying transaction is also carried through profit or loss and are offset against the corresponding underlying hedge underlying transaction.

The section entitled 'Additional disclosures on financial instruments' provides details on the fair value of the derivatives used for hedging.

Financial  accounting of the hedging  relationship  ends  when  the hedging instrument expires, is sold or terminated, or the instrument is no longer suitable for hedging. The full amount of gains or losses recognised in other comprehensive income at this point in time and accumulated in equity remains in equity and is only recognised in the income statement when the expected transaction is also recognised in the income statement. Where the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss recognised in equity is transferred directly to the income statement.

## 3.5 ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTIES AND DISCRETIONARY DECISIONS

In  preparing  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements,  it  is  often necessary to make estimates and assumptions that affect both the items reported in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and the Consolidated Statement of Income, as well as the disclosures contained in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The amounts actually realised can differ from the reported amounts. Changes are recognised in the income statement on the date at which better knowledge is gained. The estimates and assumptions made are outlined in the disclosures on the individual items.

Estimates and assumptions for areas of the Consolidated Financial Statements in which amounts are most significantly affected are unchanged as follows.

The recoverability of goodwill and assets within the scope of IAS 36 (Impairment of assets) is assessed on the basis of expected developments and estimated parameters (planning assumptions, capitalisation interest rates). Property and equipment and intangible assets are measured on the basis of the estimated useful lives of the assets. The term of leases is evaluated based on the estimation of whether extension and termination options are exercised. Rental vehicles are measured on the basis of the estimated useful lives taking into account the expected residual value of the vehicles. The residual values expected on the market are reviewed on an ongoing basis. The adjustments for expected credit losses on receivables and other assets are based on estimates of the expected probability of default. The parameters used to determine risk provisions on  the  basis  of  management  expectations  are  continuously  reviewed and adjusted to the current overall economic situation. Derivatives  are  measured  on  the  basis  of  estimated  market  yield curves. The need for provisions is determined using the best estimate of the most probable settlement amount of the present obligation at the balance sheet date.

## 4. EXPLANATIONS AND DISCLOSURES ON INDIVIDUAL ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4.1 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME

\4.1\ Revenue is broken down as follows:

| Revenue  Germany  Europe  North America  Total  Change  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  in %  Rental revenue  768,088  656,007  1,213,119  884,294  866,243  557,081  2,847,450  2,097,382  35.8  Other revenue from the rental business  101,709  83,602  64,872  61,336  41,975  27,496  208,556  172,434  20.9  Other revenue  8,271  9,942  1,903  2,690  -  -  10,174  12,632  -19.5  Group total  878,068  749,551  1,279,894  948,320  908,218  584,577  3,066,180  2,282,448  34.3   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The main activity of the Group is vehicle rental including other related services and brokerage of transfer services.

Rental revenue from short-term rental of vehicles increased by 35.8% compared to the previous year to EUR 2,847,450 thousand (2021: EUR 2,097,382 thousand). Other revenue from the rental  business,  damage  compensation  resulting  from  rental business  and  other  revenues  such  as  subsidies,  licence  and franchise fees and commission revenue, for example, increased by 20.9% to EUR 208,556 thousand (2021: EUR 172,434 thousand) and includes compensation payments from third parties totalling EUR 124,267 thousand (2021: EUR 120,076 thousand).

As in the previous year, rental fleet vehicles were sold predominantly under buy-back agreements concluded with manufacturers and dealers, and therefore only partially directly on the used car market. To better reflect this fact, proceeds from the sale of used vehicles are not recognised. Instead, the selling expenses carried under fleet expenses are reduced by the corresponding amounts. Any remaining balance is allocated to the item depreciation and amortisation expense including impairments.

Other revenue contains the revenue that is not directly related to the main activity of the Group.

\4.2\ Other operating income is broken down as follows:

| Other operating income  Change  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  in %  Forwarding costs to third parties  55,208  42,231  30.7  Currency translation  157,572  58,238  170.6  Non-cash benefits  7,829  7,469  4.8  Payments on derecognised receivables  7,839  2,211  254.5  Reversal of impairments for trade receivables and other assets  8,238  13,654  -39.7  Reversal of provisions  19,077  6,189  208.2  Reversal of impairments for property and equipment  7,980  -  100.0  Capitalised costs  20,709  11,397  81.7  Miscellaneous income  24,826  15,879  56.3  Group total  309,277  157,268  96.7   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## \4.3\ Fleet expenses are broken down as follows:

| Fleet expenses  Change  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  in %  Repairs, maintenance and reconditioning  319,826  230,431  38.8  Fuel  60,443  40,456  49.4  Insurance  113,315  110,829  2.2  Transportation  37,312  38,249  -2.5  Taxes and charges  21,788  22,429  -2.9  Other  77,270  64,102  20.5  Group total  629,954  506,496  24.4   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fleet expenses item comprises expenses for current rental operations. Selling expenses relating to the rental fleet are reduced by the corresponding amounts of sales revenue.

\4.4\ Personnel expenses increased from EUR 405,286 thousand the year before to EUR 567,733 thousand in the year under review.  Social  contributions mainly include employer contributions to statutory social insurance schemes. The expense for defined contribution pension plans in the amount of EUR 19,461 thousand (2021: EUR 16,145 thousand) primarily results from statutory pension insurances. Expenses for defined benefit pension plans are included in the amount of EUR 1,240 thousand (2021: EUR 1,284 thousand). Personnel expenses also include further  expenses  for  defined  post-employment  benefits  in  the amount of EUR 188 thousand (2021: EUR 88 thousand). Personnel expenses include government grants for the use of shorttime working and similar instruments in relation to the coronavirus pandemic (2022: EUR 977 thousand, 2021: EUR 9,963 thousand).

| Personnel expenses  Change  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  in %  Wages and salaries  485,799  348,616  39.4  Social security contributions  81,934  56,670  44.6  Group total  567,733  405,286  40.1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The average number of employees during the year was:

| Employees in the Group  2022  2021  Female employees  3,205  2,843  Male employees  4,304  3,556  Group total  7,509  6,399   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\4.5\ Expenses for depreciation and amortisation including impairments in the financial year are explained in more detail below:

| Depreciation and amortisation expense including impairments  Change  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  in %  Rental vehicles 1  407,658  241,721  68.6  Property and equipment and investment property 1  140,078  122,890  14.0  Intangible assets  6,903  5,428  27.2  Group total  554,639  370,039  49.9   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 The prior year figures have been adjusted due to the change in the reporting of depreciation of right of use assets for rental vehicles financed by lease contracts.

The depreciation of rental vehicles includes the depreciation of own rental vehicles and since financial year 2022 the depreciation of right of use assets for rental vehicles financed by lease contracts with terms of more than one year as well. These were previously included in the depreciation of property and equipment. The prior year figures have been adjusted accordingly.

The rental vehicles are depreciated over the planned holding period, taking into account their residual values. The residual values of the vehicles are based on the agreed buy-back value or the expected fair value. The expected fair values are analysed regularly based on market observations and the company's own experience. The necessary changes in estimates are taken into account prospectively. Write-downs for impairment are recognised to the extent that recognition of a lower value is required.

The  depreciation  expense  for  own  rental  vehicles  at  EUR 377,774 thousand was higher than in the previous year (2021: EUR  238,410  thousand).  It  includes  impairment  losses  in amount of EUR 1,704 thousand (2021: EUR 1,753 thousand), of which  EUR  1,673  thousand  is  attributable  to  Europe  (2021: EUR 1,690 thousand) and EUR 31 thousand to North America (2021: EUR 63 thousand).

The  depreciation  of  right  of  use  assets  for  rental  vehicles  financed by lease contracts increased from EUR 3,311 thousand to EUR 29,884 thousand in the financial year, which is mainly due to the higher number of vehicles financed by long-term lease agreements.

The  depreciation  of  property  and  equipment  and  investment property mainly includes the depreciation of right of use assets and the depreciation of operating and office equipment.

The amortisation of intangible assets includes the amortisation of purchased and internally developed software and other intangible assets.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

\4.6\ The following table contains a breakdown of other operating expenses :

| Other operating expenses  Change  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  in %  Leasing expenses  47,437  54,008  -12.2  Commissions  299,322  198,683  50.7  Expenses for buildings  57,764  50,654  14.0  Other selling and marketing expenses  155,592  70,215  121.6  Expenses from write-downs/impairments of receivables  79,561  98,928  -19.6  Audit, legal, advisory costs, and investor relations expenses  36,088  27,035  33.5  Other personnel services  71,858  41,439  73.4  Expenses for IT and communication services  35,724  19,364  84.5  Currency translation/consolidation  163,468  58,837  177.8  Miscellaneous expenses  87,533  59,554  47.0  Group total  1,034,346  678,717  52.4   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Consolidated Financial Statements of Sixt SE recognised as operating expense in the amount of EUR 461 thousand (2021: EUR 380 thousand) fees for the auditors of the Consolidated Financial  Statements.  The  fees  break  down  into  audit  costs (EUR 392 thousand, 2021: EUR 309 thousand) and other assurance services (EUR 69 thousand, 2021: EUR 67 thousand) in particular  for  revenue  confirmations,  EMIR  audit  and  comfort letter. The fees of the auditors included in the previous year tax consultancy services in amount of EUR 4 thousand, that were provided for the parent or subsidiary companies.

\4.7\ The financial result came to EUR -38,635 thousand in total (2021: EUR -37,009 thousand). The following table contains a breakdown of the financial result:

| Financial result  Change  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  in %  Other interest and similar income  1,416  766  84.8  Interest and similar expenses  -40,110  -37,849  6.0  Thereof from leases  -10,003  -6,338  57.8  Net interest expense  -38,695  -37,083  4.3  Income from financial assets  400  -  -  Expenses for financial assets  -3  -3  -14.6  Result from fair value measurement of financial assets  -338  78  -533.9  Other financial result  60  75  -20.2  Group total  -38,635  -37,009  4.4   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## \4.8\ Income tax expense comprises the following:

| Income tax expense  Change  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  in %  Current income tax for the reporting period  113,123  106,486  6.2  Deferred taxes  51,322  22,532  127.8  Group total  164,445  129,019  27.5   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Current income tax in the amount of EUR 113,123 thousand in financial year 2022 (2021: EUR 106,486 thousand) comprises tax income for previous years in the amount of EUR 6,538 thousand (2021: tax expense of EUR 11,227 thousand).

In accordance with the balance sheet liability method as defined by IAS 12 (Income taxes), deferred taxes are principally formed for all temporary differences arising from the deviations in the valuation of assets and liabilities in the IFRS consolidated balance sheet compared to the tax balance sheet and the consolidation measures recognised in the income statement. In addition, deferred tax assets are recognised for the future benefits expected to arise from accepted tax loss carryforwards.

Deferred taxes are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply for the period when the temporary differences reverse or the tax loss carryforwards are used. Until changes to tax laws are ratified, deferred taxes are measured at current tax rates. A corporation tax rate of 15% (2021: 15%) was used to calculate deferred taxes at the German companies as at 31 December 2022. Furthermore,  a  solidarity  surcharge  of  5.5%  (2021:  5.5%)  on  the corporation tax was also included and a trade tax rate between 9.1% and 16.3% (2021: between 9.1% and 16.3%) depending on the municipality's tax assessment rate was applied. Thus, an aggregated tax rate between 24.9% and 32.1% (2021: 24.9% and 32.1%) was used to calculate deferred taxes at the German companies. The country-specific tax rates were used in each case to calculate deferred taxes at the foreign companies.

Deferred taxes are generally recognised in the income statement, except where they relate to items recognised directly in equity, as well as if applicable deferred taxes coming from first-time application of IFRS standards.

The reconciliation of taxes explains the relationship between the expected and the effective tax expense reported. The expected tax expense results from the application of an income tax rate of 24.9% (2021: 24.9%) to consolidated profit for the period (before taxes) in accordance with IFRS. The income tax rate is made up of corporation tax of 15% (2021: 15%), a solidarity surcharge of 5.5% (2021: 5.5%) as well as trade tax of 9.1% (2021: 9.1%).

| Reconciliation of taxes  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  Consolidated profit before taxes in accordance with IFRS  550,150  442,169  Expected income tax expense  137,152  110,233  Effect of different tax rates outside Germany  2,606  -1,448  Effect of different trade tax rates  9,339  8,710  Effect from tax rate changes  1,463  351  Changes in permanent differences  756  -4,286  Changes in impairments  4,979  -852  Non-deductible operating expenses  9,863  6,651  Tax-exempt income  -3,199  -2,310  Current and deferred income taxes from other periods  1,138  11,158  Other effects  348  812  Reported tax expense  164,445  129,019   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

At the balance sheet date deferred taxes with no impact on profit or loss amounted to EUR -75 thousand (2021: EUR -207 thousand). The change in deferred taxes with no impact on profit or loss compared to the previous year showed EUR -141 thousand

(2021: EUR 115 thousand) or in consideration of currency translation effects, EUR -132 thousand (2021: EUR 126 thousand). Deferred taxes through the income statement are explained in more detail below:

| Deferred taxes  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  From temporary differences  217,068  8,696  From tax loss carryforwards  -165,746  13,836  Group total  51,322  22,532   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  increase  in  deferred  tax  expenses  from  temporary  differences and the increase in deferred tax income from tax loss carryforwards are mainly due to special tax depreciation in the US, which led to an increase in deferred tax liabilities on the fleet and an increase in tax loss carryforwards.

Deferred tax liabilities in amount of EUR -8,494 thousand (2021: EUR -) were recognised with no impact on profit or loss in financial year 2022 following the acquisition of subsidiaries. The effect of  exchange  rate  differences  on  deferred  taxes  amounted  to EUR -3,192 thousand in the financial year (2021: EUR -1,691 thousand). The following overview outlines the sources of the deferred tax assets and liabilities:

-

-

| Deferred taxes  Deferred tax assets  Deferred tax liabilities  in EUR thousand  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  Property and equipment  1,971  1,788  110,579  89,982  Fleet  3,341  3,447  265,315  21,450  Receivables  16,276  19,645  6,347  2,503  Other assets  12,992  6,933  11,610  6,608  Financial liabilities  127,111  97,017  -  Other liabilities  3,553  2,556  1,266  12,914  Provisions  24,207  18,580  484  430  Tax loss carryforwards  167,245  1,499  -  356,696  151,465  395,601  133,887  Offsetting  -344,301  -119,776  -344,301  -119,776  Group total  12,395  31,689  51,300  14,111   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and where they relate to income taxes of the same tax subject levied by the same tax authority.

As in the previous year, the tax losses carried forward of EUR 12,997 thousand (2021: EUR 10,771 thousand), for which no deferred tax assets were recognised, will not expire in the following years. The loss carryforwards for which deferred tax assets were recognised are expected to be used during a four-year planning period.

For deductible temporary differences in the amount of EUR 496 thousand  (2021:  EUR  901  thousand)  no  deferred  taxes  were recognised in financial year 2022.

For temporary differences in relation to shares in subsidiaries of the Group in the amount of EUR 45,425 thousand (2021: EUR 40,437 thousand) deferred tax liabilities were not recognised for reported periods.

\4.9\ Earnings per share are as follows:

| Earnings per share - basic  2022  2021  Consolidated profit/loss for the period after minority interests  in EUR thousand  385,705  313,148  Profit attributable to ordinary shares  in EUR thousand  249,294  202,357  Profit attributable to preference shares  in EUR thousand  136,411  110,791  Weighted average number of ordinary shares  30,367,112  30,367,112  Weighted average number of preference shares  16,576,246  16,576,246  Earnings per ordinary share  in EUR  8.21  6.66  Earnings per preference share  in EUR  8.23  6.68   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The profit attributable to preference shares includes the additional  dividend  of  EUR  0.02  or  the  minimum  dividend  of EUR 0.05 per preference share payable in accordance with the Articles of Association for preference shares carrying dividend rights in the financial year (as at 31 December). The weighted average number of shares is calculated based on the proportionate number of shares per month for each category of shares, taking due account of the respective number of treasury shares.

The Matching Stock Programme MSP 20212 was terminated in financial year 2022. The potential dilutive effect of stock options issued as part of the Matching Stock Programme MSP 2012 is insignificant  in  the  previous  year  2021,  so  that  no  adjustment was made. There were no circumstances in the financial year that would lead to the dilution of earnings per share. The diluted earnings per share therefore correspond for both categories of shares in terms of the amount to basic earnings per share.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 4.2 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

## Assets

\4.10\ to \4.13\ The changes in the Group's non-current assets (excluding financial assets) are shown below.

| Consolidated Statement of Changes  in Non-current Assets  Acquisition and production costs  in EUR thousand  1 Jan. 2022  Foreign  exchange  differences  Changes in  the scope of  consolidation  Additions  Disposals  Transfers  31 Dec. 2022  Goodwill  26,050  -277  6,802  -  -  -  32,576  Purchased software  45,545  10  11  80  6,240  20  39,426  Internally developed software  9,277  -  -  3,698  -  6,222  19,197  Payments for software  15,137  -  -  17,010  224  -6,242  25,682  Other intangible assets  9,760  483  -  2,109  145  -  12,208  Intangible assets  79,720  493  11  22,898  6,609  -  96,513  Land and buildings  767,723  13,960  2,772  175,830  13,859  -  946,426  Operating and office equipment 1  184,688  894  258  40,706  10,996  2,507  218,057  Payments on account of property and equipment  3,699  -54  -  5,026  -  -2,507  6,163  Property and equipment  956,111  14,801  3,030  221,562  24,855  -  1,170,649  Investment property  11,713  -  -  -  -  -  11,713  Total  1,073,594  15,017  9,843  244,459  31,464  -  1,311,450   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Consolidated Statement of Changes  in Non-current Assets  Acquisition and production costs  in EUR thousand  1 Jan. 2021  Foreign  exchange  differences  Changes in  the scope of  consolidation  Additions  Disposals  Transfers  31 Dec. 2021  Goodwill  25,996  55  -  -  -  -  26,050  Purchased software  43,972  19  -  1,561  7  -  45,545  Internally developed software  2,529  -  -  1,041  -  5,707  9,277  Payments for software  10,155  -  -  10,689  -  -5,707  15,137  Other intangible assets  9,056  615  -  90  -  -  9,760  Intangible assets  65,712  634  -  13,381  7  -  79,720  Land and buildings  668,542  23,441  -  96,389  8,936  -11,713  767,723  Operating and office equipment 1  169,692  3,144  -  18,216  9,863  3,500  184,688  Payments on account of property and equipment  4,207  130  -  2,863  1  -3,500  3,699  Property and equipment  842,442  26,714  -  117,468  18,800  -11,713  956,111  Investment property  -  -  -  -  -  11,713  11,713  Total  934,149  27,403  -  130,849  18,807  -  1,073,594   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 The right of use assets for rental vehicles financed by lease contracts that were previously included in the position property and equipment, operating and office equipment, are reported in the position rental vehicles since financial year 2022. The prior year comparative figures have been adjusted accordingly.

| Depreciation/amortisation, including impairments  Carrying amounts  1 Jan. 2022  Foreign  exchange  differences  Depreciation/  amortisation in  the financial  year  Disposals  Reversal of  impairment  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  7,608  44  -  -  -  7,652  24,923  18,442  40,911  9  2,064  6,164  -  36,820  2,607  4,634  2,698  -  4,357  -  -  7,056  12,142  6,579  -  -  -  -  -  -  25,682  15,137  7,947  384  482  138  37  8,637  3,571  1,814  51,555  392  6,903  6,302  37  52,512  44,001  28,164  316,500  3,594  116,061  4,239  6,942  424,973  521,453  451,223  98,577  276  23,894  9,421  1,001  112,325  105,732  86,112  -  -  -  -  -  -  6,163  3,699  415,077  3,870  139,955  13,660  7,943  537,300  633,349  541,033  4,934  -  123  -  -  5,057  6,656  6,779  479,176  4,306  146,981  19,962  7,980  602,521  708,929  594,419   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Depreciation/amortisation, including impairments  Carrying amounts  1 Jan. 2021  Foreign  exchange  differences  Depreciation/  amortisation in  the financial  year  Disposals  Transfers  31 Dec. 2021  31 Dec. 2021  31 Dec. 2020  7,554  55  -  -  -  7,608  18,442  18,442  37,569  17  3,332  7  -  40,911  4,634  6,403  1,086  -  1,613  -  -  2,698  6,579  1,443  -  -  -  -  -  -  15,137  10,155  6,978  485  484  -  -  7,947  1,814  2,078  45,633  502  5,428  7  -  51,555  28,164  20,080  216,687  7,306  101,131  3,813  -4,811  316,500  451,223  451,854  82,606  1,289  21,636  6,955  -  98,577  86,112  87,086  -  -  -  -  -  -  3,699  4,207  299,295  8,595  122,767  10,768  -4,811  415,078  541,033  543,147  -  -  123  -  4,811  4,934  6,779  -  352,481  9,151  128,318  10,774  -  479,176  594,419  581,668   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

\4.10\ Goodwill of  EUR 24,923 thousand (2021: EUR 18,442 thousand) results from the consolidation of the companies belonging to United Kenning Rental Group Ltd., Langley/Great Britain, acquired in 2000, as well as from the consolidation of the companies West Country Self Drive Services Limited, Slough/ Great Britain, West Country Self Drive Ltd, Slough/ Great Britain, Hireco 2 Holdings Ltd., Clydebank/ Great Britain and GAP Hire Limited, Clydebank/ Great Britain, acquired in 2022.

The annual impairment test of goodwill was carried out on the basis of value in use, which as in the previous years is determined by using the discounted future cash flows based on a multi-year plan and a growth factor of 1% taken as the basis in deriving a sustainable figure. The revenue and earnings planning is based on the assumptions on how the business will develop in the future, with due consideration of the increased uncertainty resulting from the war in the Ukraine, high inflation and the anticipated weaker overall economic development. The discount rates (before taxes and growth factor) used are between 11.3% and 12.5% (2021: between 9.2% and 9.9%) and reflect the current market situation.

As at 31 December 2022, as in the previous year, an annual impairment tests for goodwill was performed based on the updated planning. The impairment test confirmed the value of the goodwill.

In addition to the impairment test, sensitivity analyses were also conducted. A shift in the discount rates of +50 / -50 basis points would change the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit by EUR -24.6 million / EUR +27.7 million. A change in the growth factor of +50 / -50 basis points would change the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit by EUR +19.2 million / EUR -17.1 million. The decrease of the growth factor to 0.5% or the increase of the discount rate by 50 basis points would not require an impairment of the goodwill.

\4.11\ Intangible assets include purchased software amounting to EUR 2,607 thousand (2021: EUR 4,634 thousand) and internally  developed  software amounting to EUR 12,142 thousand (2021: EUR 6,579 thousand). The item also includes payments on account in respect of software and software in development amounting to EUR 25,682 thousand (2021: EUR 15,137 thousand) and other intangible assets amounting to EUR 3,571 thousand (2021: EUR 1,814 thousand).

\4.12\ The item property and equipment includes own property and equipment in the amount of EUR 216,210 thousand (2021: EUR 193,291 thousand) as well as right of use assets in the amount of EUR 417,139 thousand (2021: EUR 347,742 thousand).

Property and equipment owned by the Group includes land and buildings for rental stations/service points and administrative  buildings  in  Germany  and  abroad  in  the  amount  of EUR 107,410  thousand  (2021:  EUR  108,721  thousand).  Furthermore, operating and office equipment (mainly IT systems, fixtures  and  fittings  and  office  equipment)  are  included  in  the amount  of  EUR  102,636  thousand  (2021:  EUR  80,871  thousand). The item also includes payments on account made for property and equipment in the amount of EUR 6,163 thousand (2021:  EUR  3,699  thousand).  Land  charges  are  registered against properties for real estate financing in the amount of EUR 63,090 thousand (2021: EUR 65,826 thousand).

Right of use assets for assets leased by Sixt Group as lessee are included in the item property and equipment in the amount of EUR 417,139 thousand (2021: EUR 347,742 thousand). In addition, there are right of use assets for rental vehicles financed by  lease  contracts  in  the  amount  of  EUR  145,787  thousand (2021: EUR 9,816 thousand) that are reported in the position rental vehicles.

The changes in the right of use assets are presented below:

| Right of use assets  in EUR thousand  Buildings and  rental stations  Operating and  office equipment  Total property  and equipment  Rental vehicles  1 Jan. 2022  342,502  5,241  347,742  9,816  Additions  175,826  1,761  177,587  70,458  Additions from changes in the scope of consolidation  2,772  -  2,772  100,352  Depreciation including impairments in the financial year  -114,285  -3,867  -118,152  -29,884  Reversal of impairment  6,942  -  6,942  -  Other incl. foreign exchange differences  286  -39  248  -4,955  31 Dec. 2022  414,043  3,096  417,139  145,787  1 Jan. 2021  343,642  1,123  344,765  810  Additions  87,928  7,898  95,827  12,334  Depreciation including impairments in the financial year  -99,343  -3,443  -102,787  -3,311  Other incl. foreign exchange differences  10,275  -338  9,937  -17  31 Dec. 2021  342,502  5,241  347,742  9,816   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Sixt Group rents or leases primarily rental stations and parking spaces, office and advertising spaces, as well as rental fleet vehicles, as part of its business activities. The rental vehicles financed under lease agreements with a term of more than one year are presented separately since the 2022 financial year and are  reclassified  in  this  context  from  the  position  property  and equipment to rental vehicles. The previous year's figures were adjusted accordingly.

Rental agreements for buildings and rental stations have lease terms between one and more than twenty years. The rental conditions are negotiated individually and include a wide range of various contract terms. Some of the lease contracts contain extension options, which are taken into consideration for the calculations of the right of use assets and lease liabilities, if Sixt Group plans to exercise them. At various locations, e.g. airports, the rental agreements concluded by Sixt Group apart from fixed payments also contain payments that are usually linked to sales figures.  Such  variable  lease  payments  are  expensed  by  the Group as commissions in profit or loss in the period in which those payments occur and are not included in the calculation of the lease liability. As a result of the increase in revenue the share of variable lease expenses to total expenses for leases of buildings and rental stations increased to 49% (2021: 42%).

As a result  of  the  coronavirus  pandemic  some  rental  stations could only be used to a limited extent. For the affected stations Sixt was able to reach agreements with the lessor to reduce rent payments or to defer them to a later date. For the respective changes in rent payments, as far as the conditions are met, Sixt

Group applied the exemption to not assess whether the change is a lease modification, but rather accounted for these payments as variable lease payments.

Leases for operating and office equipment of the Group relate mainly to rental agreements for advertising spaces.

Part of the vehicle fleet consists of rental vehicles that are financed by lease contracts. In connection with the acquisitions in the financial year 2022, as well as the extended terms of contracts due to the shortage of vehicles, among other things, the recognised  rights  of  use  from  leases  for  rental  vehicles  increased from EUR 9,816 thousand in the previous year to EUR 145,787 thousand as at 31 December 2022. The contracts have terms of between one and six years.

Certain lease contracts concluded by Sixt Group as lessee have a lease term of less than one year. For these lease agreements, the Group applies the exemptions not to recognise the right of use  assets  or  the  corresponding  lease  liabilities.  Besides  the leases for buildings and rental stations, these are predominantly leases for rental vehicles, which mostly have a lease term of less than one year.

Expenses incurred in connection with leases that have not been capitalised, are presented in other operating expenses. The expenses are broken down as follows:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Expenses recognised in profit or loss relating to  leases  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  Expenses relating to short-term leases  65,087  69,706  Expenses relating to leases of low-value assets  374  321  Expenses from variable lease payments  129,589  81,320  Rent concessions (reduction of expenses)  2,116  9,648   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In financial year 2022, payments of EUR 165.4  million (2021: EUR 98.0 million) were recorded for capitalised leases. The total cash out relating to leases in the year under review amounted to EUR 360.4 million (2021: EUR 249.3 million).

Information on the lease liabilities corresponding to the right of use assets is presented in text item \4.25\ and in the section titled 'Additional disclosures on financial instruments'.

Impairment losses are recognised, if necessary, for rental stations no longer used by the Group with ongoing rental agreements.  In  this  context,  impairment  losses  of  EUR  1.1  million were recognised in the financial year, all of which were attributable to the segment Germany (2021: EUR 2.3 million, in the segment North America). As in the previous year, no impairment losses were recognised on property and equipment and rights of  use  in  the  course  of  impairment  tests  in  the  financial  year. Reversals  of  impairment  losses  recognised  in  previous  years were recorded in the amount of EUR 8.0 million (2021: EUR million), of which EUR 7.0 million were attributable to the segment Europe and EUR 1.0 million to the segment North America.

\4.13\  The investment  property item in  the  amount  of  EUR 6,656 thousand (2021: EUR 6,779 thousand) includes properties that are held to generate rental income.

Investment properties are measured at amortised cost and depreciated over a useful life of 50 years. The fair value of the investment property as at the reporting date amounted to EUR 11,639 thousand (2021: EUR 20,565 thousand). The fair value was calculated using the income capitalisation approach. The income capitalisation approach uses currently known and estimated future rental income and a discount rate of 5.0% p.a. or 4.0% p.a. (perpetual annuity). The fair value reflects the indexation of future expected instalments. The investment property is not valued by an external appraiser. No impairment was required in the financial year, as the fair value was above the amortised cost. Net rental income for the period is the balance of rental income of EUR 822 thousand (2021: EUR 956 thousand) and expenses of EUR 190 thousand (2021: EUR 89 thousand).

\4.14\ The carrying amount of the unconsolidated affiliates and investments  presented  under financial  assets amounts  to EUR 1,393 thousand (2021: EUR 2,911 thousand). The change compared  to  2021  resulted  mainly  from  fair  value  changes through other comprehensive income for the shares in an investment listed on the stock exchange.

\4.15\ The rental vehicles item increased by EUR 976.8 million (2022: EUR  3,833.4 million, 2021: EUR 2,856.6  million). In addition to own rental vehicles, leased rental vehicles are also included in the amount of EUR 145.8  million (2021: EUR 9.8 million).

As a result of the further recovery of the business and the very high demand, own rental vehicles increased to EUR 3,687.6 million (2021: EUR 2,846.8 million). As at 31 December 2022, rental vehicles with a planned remaining useful life of more than one year amounted to EUR 726.0 million (2021: EUR 423.7 million).

Acquisition costs for new additions to the own rental vehicles in the financial year amounted to EUR 3,991.9 million (2021: EUR 3,770.3 million). For the own rental vehicles reported at the end of the year under review, they amounted to EUR 4,071.0 million (2021: EUR 3,082.0 million).

Rental  vehicles  are  largely  covered  by  buy-back  agreements with dealers and manufacturers, from which a calculated residual  value at the respective contract end of EUR 1,767 million (2021: EUR 2,020 million) is expected as at the reporting date.

As in the previous years, rental vehicles were financed also via lease  agreements,  which  were  concluded  with  manufacturers/manufacturer financing companies. In addition, the companies newly acquired in the financial year also have financing via lease agreements concluded with other financing companies. In contrast to the existing lease contracts concluded with manufacturers  or  manufacturer  financing  companies,  these  contracts generally provide for a purchase option at the end of the lease contract. The purchase option and the market value of the vehicles were taken into account in the valuation of the right of use assets.

The majority of the lease contracts concluded by the Sixt Group for rental vehicles have a term of less than one year. No right of use assets and lease liabilities are recognised for these vehicles. Right of use assets for rental vehicles financed under leases with a term of more than one year are included in the rental vehicle item in amount of EUR 145.8 million (2021: EUR 9.8 million). Of this  amount,  135.4  million  euros  were  attributable  to  leased rental vehicles with a planned remaining useful life of more than one year as at 31 December 2022. There are purchase options at the end of the lease term for right of use assets for leased vehicles recognised in the balance sheet in the amount of 89.4 million euros. The Group expects to use the purchase options.

\4.16\ Inventories consist mainly of rental vehicles available for sale, purchased vehicles intended for resale, as well as fuel, raw

| Other receivables and assets  in EUR thousand  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  Financial other receivables and assets  Receivables from affiliated companies and  from other investees  118  95  Deposits  23  50,024  Miscellaneous assets  163,827  85,237  Non-financial other receivables and assets  Other recoverable taxes  96,268  10,214  Insurance claims  18,137  16,980  Deferred expense  25,423  20,955  Delivery claims for vehicles of the rental fleet  53,703  10,070  Group total  357,499  193,574  Thereof current  349,531  185,960  Thereof non-current  7,968  7,614   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deposits are short-term cash investments with a contractual maturity of more than three months and up to one year.

Miscellaneous assets include, to a significant extent, receivables from grants and rebates to vehicle manufacturers are included. Miscellaneous assets also include deposits for leases and advances amounting to EUR  7,968 thousand (2021: EUR 6,551 thousand), in each case maturing in one to five years.

\4.19\ Cash,  cash  equivalents  and  bank  balances of  EUR 26,569 thousand (2021: EUR 265,835 thousand) include cash and  short-term  deposits  at  banks  with  terms  of  up  to  three months. The item corresponds to the cash and cash equivalents item in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.

materials, consumables and supplies. The increase of inventories to a total of EUR 50,039 thousand (2021: EUR 27,056 thousand) resulted mainly from the higher number of vehicles available for sale as at the reporting date.

\4.17\ Trade receivables of EUR 535,852 thousand (2021: EUR 514,778 thousand) resulted almost exclusively from services invoiced in the course of rental business and from used vehicle deliveries of the rental fleet. Valuation allowances were recognised for expected credit losses.

\4.18\ Other receivables and assets can be broken down as follows:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Equity and liabilities

Sixt Group's equity increased year-on-year to a total of EUR 1,979.4 million (2021: EUR 1,746.2 million). The

## \4.20\ Subscribed capital of Sixt SE

| Composition of the share capital  No-par value  shares  Nominal value  in EUR  No-par value  shares  Nominal value  in EUR  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  Ordinary shares  30,367,112  77,739,807  30,367,112  77,739,807  Non-voting preference shares  16,576,246  42,435,190  16,576,246  42,435,190  Total  46,943,358  120,174,996  46,943,358  120,174,996   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Ordinary shares are bearer shares with the exception of two registered  shares,  while  the  preference  shares  are  exclusively bearer shares. Both categories of shares are no-par value shares. The notional interest in the share capital is EUR 2.56 per share. The preference shares entitle the holders to receive a dividend EUR 0.02 per share higher than that of the ordinary shares and a  minimum dividend of EUR 0.05 per share from net retained profit for the year. The share capital is fully paid up.

## Treasury shares

By resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 24 June 2020 the Management Board, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, is authorised, as specified in the proposed resolution, to acquire in the period up to and including 23 June 2025 treasury shares in the amount of up to 10% of the company's share capital at the time of the authorisation or, if lower, at the time of the exercise including the use of derivatives in the amount of up to 5% of the share capital. The authorisation may be exercised wholly or partially, on one or more occasions for any purpose permitted by law. Acquisitions for the purpose of trading in treasury shares are excluded.

As part of the share performance programs for selected employees and executives, the company concluded share price hedging transactions in the form of total return equity swaps with a bank as counterparty with effect from 5 May 2021 and 8 April 2022. These hedging transactions are settled only in cash. For legal reasons, the acquisitions of the underlying shares were treated as an acquisition of shares by a third party. As underlying shares, a total of 25,193 ordinary shares of the company were acquired by the bank on the stock exchange in the financial year 2021 and a total of 74,406 ordinary shares in  financial year 2022.

The authorisation to acquire treasury shares has not yet been fully exercised as at the reporting date. As in the previous year, Sixt SE did not hold any treasury shares as at 31 December 2022.

## Authorised capital

By resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 24 June 2020 the Management Board is authorised to increase the share capital on one  or  more  occasions  in  the  period  up  to  and  including 23 June 2025, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, by up to a maximum of EUR 32,640,000 by issuing new no-par value bearer shares against cash and/or non-cash contributions (Authorised Capital 2020). The authorisation also includes the power to issue new non-voting preference shares up to the legally permitted limit. For the distribution of profits and/or company assets, these non-voting preference shares are ranked equal to the nonvoting preference shares previously issued.

In principle the shareholders of Sixt SE are granted the statutory subscription right. However, the Management Board is authorised, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, to exclude the subscription right under certain conditions, which follow entirely from the resolution passed by the Annual General Meeting on 24 June 2020.

The Management Board is authorised, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, to stipulate the further details of the pre-emptive rights and the terms and conditions of the share issue. The Management Board may resolve, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, that the new shares shall also carry dividend rights from the beginning of the financial year preceding their issue if the Annual General Meeting has not adopted a resolution on the appropriation of the profit for the financial year in question at the time the new shares are issued.

subscribed capital of Sixt SE included in this total amount was unchanged at EUR 120.2 million.

As at 31 December 2022 the authorisation has not been exercised.

## Conditional Capital

By resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 24 June 2020, the Management Board is authorised to issue on one or more occasions in the period up to and including 23 June 2025, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, convertible and/or bonds with warrants registered in the name of the holder and/or bearer by up to a maximum of EUR 350,000,000 with a fixed or open-ended term and to grant conversion or option rights to holders and/or creditors of convertible and/or bonds with warrants to acquire a total of up to 6,000,000 new ordinary bearer shares in Sixt SE and/or to provide corresponding conversion rights for the company. Taking due account of statutory requirements, the respective conversion or option rights may provide for the subscription of ordinary bearer shares and/or preference bearer shares without a  voting right.  The  convertible  and/or  bonds  with  warrants may also be issued by a German or foreign company in which Sixt SE is directly or indirectly invested with a majority of votes and capital. In this case, the Management Board is authorised on behalf of the Issuing company to take on the guarantee for repayment of the convertible and/or bonds with warrants and the payment of interest due thereon and to grant the bearers and/or creditors of such convertible and/or bonds with warrants conversion or option rights on shares of Sixt SE. Convertible and/or bonds with warrants may be issued against cash and/or non-cash contributions. The shareholders of Sixt SE are in principle granted the statutory subscription right. However, the Management Board is authorised to exclude the subscription right under certain conditions, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, which follow fully from the resolution passed by the Annual General Meeting on 24 June 2020.

In this context, the company's share capital was conditionally increased based on the resolution passed by the Annual General Meeting on 24 June 2020 by up to EUR 15,360,000 (Conditional Capital 2020). The conditional capital increase serves to grant shares to the holders or creditors of convertible bonds and holders of option rights from bonds with warrants, which were issued up until and including 23 June 2025 on the basis of the aforelisted resolution  passed by  the  Annual  General Meeting  on 24  June 2020, by the company or a German or foreign subsidiary, in which the company directly or indirectly holds a majority of voting rights and capital. The conditional capital increase is only to be effected insofar as the conversion or option rights from the aforelisted convertible and/or bonds with warrants are actually exercised or the conversion obligations from such bonds are fulfilled and no other form of settlement is being used. The new shares will be issued at the option and/or conversion price to be determined in accordance  with  the  authorisation  of  the  Annual  General  Meeting  of 24 June 2020. The new shares are entitled to take part in the company's profit as at the beginning of the financial year in which the conversion and/or option rights were exercised or in which the conversion obligations were fulfilled. Instead, the new shares are entitled to take part in the company's profit as at the beginning of the financial year prior to the year of their issue, when at the time of issue of the new shares the resolution of the Annual General Meeting for the appropriation of earnings for this year has not been passed. The Management Board is authorised to determine further details for implementing the conditional capital increase.

As at 31 December 2022 the authorisation has not been exercised.

## Profit participation bonds and rights

By resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 16 June 2021, the Management Board is authorised to issue, on one or more occasions, in the period up until and including 15 June 2026, with the consent  of  the  Supervisory  Board,  profit  participation  bonds and/or rights registered in the name of the holder and/or bearer by up to a maximum of EUR 350,000,000 with a fixed or openended  term  against  cash  and/or  non-cash  contributions.  The profit participation bonds and rights issued under this authorisation  may  not  provide  for  conversion  or  subscription  rights  to shares of the company. The issue can also be effected by a company in which Sixt SE is directly or indirectly invested with a majority  of  the  votes  and  capital.  In  this  case,  the  Management Board is authorised to assume the guarantee for the issuing company on behalf of Sixt SE that the ensuing liabilities will be met. The shareholders of Sixt SE are in principle granted the statutory subscription right. However, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, the Management Board is authorised to exclude the subscription right under certain conditions, which follow fully from the resolution  passed by  the  Annual  General Meeting  on 16  June 2021.

As at 31 December 2022 the authorisation has not been exercised.

<!-- image -->

## \4.21\ Capital reserves

| Capital reserves  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  Balance as at 1 Jan.  200,538  197,280  Increase due to the employee participation programme  377  809  Transfer to the capital reserves  3,855  2,449  Balance as at 31 Dec.  204,771  200,538   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The change in the capital reserves to EUR 204,771 thousand (2021: EUR 200,538 thousand) resulted mainly from allocations

## \4.22\ Retained earnings

| Retained earnings  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  Balance as at 1 Jan.  225,633  212,439  Changes in the scope of consolidation  -  -248  Purchase of minority interests  -  -120  Transfer to retained earnings  -  13,562  Transfer from retained earnings  -18,726  -  Balance as at 31 Dec.  206,907  225,633   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The transer from the retained earnings relates to loss compensation at affiliated companies.

## \4.22\ Currency translation reserve

| Currency translation reserve  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  Balance as at 1 Jan.  20,869  -23,808  Differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign subsidiaries  22,715  44,677  Balance as at 31 Dec.  43,584  20,869   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

to the Matching Stock Programme MSP 2012 and transfers to the capital reserves.

## \4.22\ Other equity

| Other equity  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  Balance as at 1 Jan.  1,178,971  888,622  Consolidated profit attributable to shareholders of Sixt SE  385,705  313,148  Dividend payment  -174,022  -829  Other comprehensive income  -1,553  -6,208  Transfer to retained earnings  -  -13,562  Transfer from retained earnings  18,726  -  Transfer to the capital reserves  -3,855  -2,449  Changes in the scope of consolidation  -  248  Balance as at 31 Dec.  1,403,971  1,178,971   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022 for the financial year 2021 dividends of EUR 3.70 per ordinary share and EUR 3.72 per preference share were distributed to shareholders.

| Dividends  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  Amounts recognised as distribution to shareholders in the financial year  174,022  829  Dividend for financial year 2021 of EUR 3.70 (2020: no payment) for each ordinary share  112,358  -  Dividend for financial year 2021 of EUR 3.72 (2020: EUR 0.05) for each preference share  61,664  829   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Liabilities and provisions

\4.23\ Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits are broken down as follows:

| Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  Provisions for pensions  11,911  12,754  Other post-employment benefits  1,972  2,237  Defined benefit obligations  13,884  14,991  Fair value of plan assets  11,204  11,940  Group total  2,680  3,051   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The valuation of provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits rely on actuarial reports. The reports are based on the following actuarial assumptions:

| Actuarial assumptions  in %  2022  2021  Discount rate  1.9 - 7.5  0.3 - 6.8  Assumed salary increase  1.5 - 10.0  0.5 - 10.0  Assumed pension increase  -  -  Mortality table  BVG 2020 GT /  ISTAT 2000 / IALM  2012-14  BVG 2020 GT /  ISTAT 2000 / IALM  2012-14   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Provisions for pensions - Switzerland

Pension schemes in Sixt Group contain mainly defined contribution pension plans under statutory pension insurance. In Switzerland every employer is required by law to provide post-employment benefits schemes against the economic risks of retirement, death and invalidity to the employees entitled to them.

Therefore, Sixt offers its Swiss employees funded defined benefit plans, which are managed by an external pension fund. The pension fund is responsible for the investment policy and asset management, as well as for all changes in the plan conditions and the determination of contributions to finance the benefits. In case  of  underfunding,  the  pension  fund  may  raise  additional contributions from employers and employees. The following table shows the development of the defined benefit pension plans:

| Development of defined benefit pension plans  Defined benefit obligations  Fair value of plan assets  Net balance of defined benefit obligations  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Balance as at 1 Jan.  12,754  14,028  11,940  12,293  814  1,735  Current service costs  877  736  -  -  877  736  Past service costs and plan settlements  -53  -180  -  -  -53  -180  Net interest costs of defined benefit obligations  38  18  37  16  1  2  Expenses recognised in the Consolidated  Statement of Income  863  574  37  16  825  558  Gains/losses on plan assets  -  -  -1,505  486  1,505  -486  Actuarial gains/losses  Experience gains/losses  -255  450  -  -  -255  450  Changes in demographic assumptions  33  -601  -  -  33  -601  Changes in financial assumptions  -1,395  -186  -  -  -1,395  -186  Remeasurement for defined benefit obligations  recognised in other comprehensive income  -1,616  -337  -1,505  486  -112  -823  Employer contributions  -  -  858  692  -858  -692  Plan participants' contributions  858  692  858  692  -  -  Benefits paid  -1,549  -2,760  -1,549  -2,760  -  -  Foreign currency translation effects  602  557  564  521  38  36  Reclassification as held for sale  -  -  -  -  -  -  Other reconciling items  -89  -1,511  731  -854  -820  -657  Balance as at 31 Dec.  11,911  12,754  11,204  11,940  708  814   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligations from pensions was around 13 years (2021: 15 years). Employer contributions expected to be paid for defined benefit obligations in the following year amount to EUR 848 thousand (2021: EUR 741 thousand).

The pension scheme is provided through an external pension fund, which manages the plan assets. As at the balance sheet date,  the  plan  assets  are  attributable  to  other  assets  without quoted market prices.

## Other post-employment benefits

Other post-employment benefits are recognised, if required by law. In India and Italy, every employer is required by law to pay an amount to employees who leave the company. The amount is calculated based on the duration of employment and the taxable income of each employee.

Other post-employment benefits developed as follows:

| Development of other post-employment benefits  Defined benefit obligations  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  Balance as at 1 Jan.  2,237  1,405  Current service costs  604  634  Net interest costs of defined benefit obligations  31  19  Expenses recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Income  634  654  Actuarial gains/losses  -505  344  Remeasurement for defined benefit obligations recognised in other comprehensive income  -505  344  Benefits paid  -374  -185  Foreign currency translation effects  -20  19  Other reconciling items  -394  -166  Balance as at 31 Dec.  1,972  2,237   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligations for other post-employment benefits was around 23 years (2021: 23 years).

## Sensitivity analysis

The sensitivity analysis assumes in each case a parallel shift of half a percentage point. This would result in the changes of values of the reported defined benefit obligation presented in the following table:

| Sensitivity analysis of defined benefit obligations  Changes in the defined benefit obligations  Changes in the defined benefit obligations  in EUR thousand  2022  2022  2021  2021  + 0.5  percentage points  -0.5  percentage points  + 0.5  percentage points  -0.5  percentage points  Discount rate  -496  562  -665  753  Assumed salary increase  134  -131  166  -167  Assumed pension increase  310  -297  419  -400   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The decrease / increase of the life expectancy in the assumptions by one year respectively would result in a change of the defined benefit obligations by EUR -146 thousand / EUR 167 thousand (2021: EUR -209 thousand / EUR 240 thousand).

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

\4.24\ Other provisions consist mainly of provisions for staff, taxes  and  the  operating  rental  business  (fleet-related  costs). Furthermore, miscellaneous provisions include provisions for legal costs and commitments from rental agreements.

Of  the  obligations  included  in  other  provisions,  EUR  158,673 thousand  (2021:  EUR  142,445  thousand)  are  expected  to  be settled within one year and EUR 19,188 thousand (2021: EUR 16,748 thousand) are due in more than one year.

| Other provisions  Rental business  in EUR thousand  (fleet related)  Personnel  Taxes  Miscellaneous  Total  Balance as at 1 Jan.  69,706  55,534  10,713  23,240  159,193  Additions  42,843  66,778  8,220  3,863  121,705  Reversals  -4,561  -3,464  -4,310  -6,742  -19,077  Utilised  -45,122  -37,572  -25  -852  -83,571  Foreign exchange differences  -602  127  -  662  187  Reversal of discounting  -  -577  -  0  -577  Balance as at 31 Dec.  62,264  80,827  14,598  20,172  177,860  Thereof current  62,264  67,208  14,598  14,603  158,673  Thereof non-current  -  13,619  -  5,569  19,188   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\4.25\ Financial liabilities comprise liabilities from bonds and issued borrower's note loans, liabilities from commercial papers and bank loans as well as lease liabilities.

| Financial liabilities  Residual term of up to 1 year  Residual term of 1 to 5 years  Residual term of more than 5 years  in EUR thousand  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  Bonds  -  249,510  548,808  547,922  -  -  Borrower's note loans  119,968  -  603,926  717,724  44,976  -  Commercial papers  112,000  -  -  -  -  -  Liabilities to banks  471,155  32,986  59,817  12,311  -  50,529  Lease liabilities  167,514  109,958  259,934  200,851  109,475  73,352  Other liabilities  7,557  6,206  -  -  -  -  Group total  878,194  398,661  1,472,486  1,478,807  154,452  123,881   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Borrower's note loans were issued in several tranches with a total nominal value of EUR 770 million (2021: EUR 719 million). Thereof EUR 120 million (2021: EUR -) is attributable to current financial liabilities and EUR 650 million to non-current financial liabilities (2021: EUR 719 million). Interest is paid at a variable or  fixed  rate  and  the  agreed  nominal  maturities  are  between three and seven years (2021: between five and seven years). In financial year 2022, new long-term borrower's note loans with maturities of three and six years were issued with a total nominal value of EUR 120 million.

Of the borrower's note loans reported under non-current financial liabilities in the previous year, borrower's note loans with a nominal value of EUR 69 million were repaid early in 2022.

The bonds include a EUR 250 million bond issued on the capital market in 2018 with a nominal interest rate of 1.50% p.a. and a maturity of six years until 21 February 2024 and a EUR 300 million bond issued on the capital market in 2020 with a nominal interest rate of 1.75% p.a. and a maturity of four years until 9 December 2024, each issued by Sixt SE.  There  are  instrumentspecific conditional call options for the issuer and put options for the bond holders. A bond with a nominal value of EUR 250 million issued on the capital market in 2016 and originally due on

2 November 2022 was repaid early on 4 August 2022 in accordance with the bond terms.

Current liabilities to banks include short-term borrowings in the amount  of  EUR  468  million  taken  out  by  utilising  credit  lines available to the Group. Other liabilities consist mainly of deferred interest.

Liabilities to banks also include two long-term investment loans in  the  amount  of  EUR  63.1 million  (2021:  EUR  65.8 million). These loans have been secured by mortgages.

Lease liabilities  include  liabilities  resulting  from  leases  recognised in accordance with IFRS 16.

The development of current and non-current financial liabilities is presented below:

| Changes in financial liabilities  in EUR thousand  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  Balance as at 1 Jan.  2,001,349  2,378,192  Cash flows  191,572  -488,311  Other non-cash changes  Changes in the scope of consolidation  64,938  -  Leases  235,193  92,989  Currency translation  9,222  17,921  Other  2,859  557  Balance as at 31 Dec.  2,505,131  2,001,349   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## \4.26\ Other liabilities are broken down as follows:

| Other liabilities  in EUR thousand  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  Financial other liabilities  Liabilities to affiliated companies and other investees  496  390  Payroll liabilities  8,554  7,114  Miscellaneous liabilities  31,549  37,871  Non-financial other liabilities  Deferred income  1,159  1,307  Tax liabilities  32,164  54,801  Contract liabilities  49,648  41,426  Group total  123,571  142,910  Thereof current  120,394  142,910  Thereof non-current  3,177  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Miscellaneous  other  liabilities  include  liabilities  from  customer deposits and the reported derivative financial instruments.

Contract liabilities relate to prepayments received from customers for the rental of vehicles. The underlying performance obligation is expected to be fulfilled within the next twelve months.

\4.27\ Trade payables in the amount of EUR 636,938 thousand (2021: EUR 401,729 thousand) comprise current liabilities arising from deliveries to the Group, particularly of vehicles for the rental fleet, and other purchases in the course of operating activities.

## 4.3 ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES ON FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The following table shows the carrying amounts and fair values of the individual financial assets and liabilities for each individual category of financial instruments. The fair value of financial assets and liabilities that are not regularly measured at fair value, but for which the fair value is to be specified, are assigned in the following table to the measurement levels of the fair value according to IFRS 13.

| Financial instruments  IFRS 9  measurement  Measurement basis  for fair value  Carrying amount  Fair value  in EUR thousand  category 1  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  Non-current assets  Financial assets  FVTPL  Level 3  1,176  1,513  1,176  1,513  Financial assets  FVTOCI  Level 1  218  1,398  218  1,398  Total return swaps  Hedge Accounting  Level 2  -  1,063  -  1,063  Other receivables  AC  7,968  6,551  Total  9,361  10,525  1,393  3,974  Current assets  Currency derivatives  FVTPL  Level 2  15,819  207  15,819  207  Trade receivables  AC  535,852  514,778  Deposits  AC  23  50,024  Other receivables  AC  140,159  77,511  Total  691,852  642,520  15,819  207  Non-current liabilities  Bonds  AC  Level 1  548,808  547,922  532,944  564,208  Borrower's note loans  AC  Level 2  648,903  717,724  631,479  714,502  Liabilities to banks  AC  Level 2  59,817  62,840  53,002  60,110  Lease liabilities  IFRS 16  369,409  274,203  Total return swaps  Hedge Accounting  Level 2  3,177  -  3,177  -  Total  1,630,115  1,602,688  1,220,602  1,338,820  Current liabilities  Bonds  AC  Level 1  -  249,510  -  251,700  Borrower's note loans  AC  Level 2  119,968  -  119,108  -  Commercial papers  AC  Level 2  112,000  -  111,821  Liabilities to banks  AC  Level 2  471,155  32,986  471,857  33,759  Lease liabilities  IFRS 16  167,514  109,958  Other financial liabilities  AC  7,557  6,206  Trade payables  AC  636,938  401,729  Currency derivatives  FVTPL  Level 2  15  7,425  15  7,425  Total return swaps  Hedge Accounting  Level 2  550  -  550  -  Financial other liabilities  AC  36,857  37,951  Total  1,552,554  845,765  703,351  292,884   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 FVTPL - Fair value through profit or loss, FVTOCI - Fair value through OCI, AC - At amortised cost

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial instruments in the table above are classified into three  levels  depending  on  the  measurement  basis.  Level  1 measurements are based on prices quoted in active markets. Level  2  measurements  are  based  on  parameters  other  than quoted prices that are observable either directly as prices or are indirectly derived from prices. Level 3 measurements are based on models that use parameters that are not based on observable market data, but rather on assumptions.

Due to factors that change over the course of time, the reported fair values can only be regarded as indicative of the values actually realisable on the market. The fair values of the financial instruments were calculated on the basis of market data available at the balance sheet date and the methods and assumptions described below.

For  non-current  and  current  financial  instruments,  it  was  assumed that the fair values correspond to the carrying amount (amortised cost) unless otherwise specified in the table. The fair values of borrower's note loans, commercial papers and liabilities to banks reported as non-current and current liabilities were calculated  as  the  present  values  of  the  future  expected  cash flows. Standard market interest rates of between 3.8% p.a. and 4.4% p.a. (2021: between 0.0% p.a. and 2.5% p.a.) based on the respective maturities were used for discounting. The fair values of the bonds reported as non-current and current liabilities are based on the quoted market prices of the bonds.

The fair values determined on the basis of unobservable market date relate to equity investments which are measured on the basis  of  their  net  asset  value.  The  change  in  reported  carrying amounts and fair values derives from results recognised in profit or loss in amount of EUR -338 thousand (2021: EUR 78 thousand). The change in the prior year also included additions of equity instruments in amount of EUR 85 thousand and changes in the scope of consolidation in amount of EUR -42 thousand.

Net gains from financial assets in the AC measurement category (measured at amortised cost) amounted to EUR 7,839 thousand (2021:  EUR  2,211  thousand)  and  relate  to  income  from  payments received on receivables previously written off.

As in the previous year, there were no net gains or losses in the financial year on financial liabilities in the AC measurement category (measured at amortised cost).

Total interest income from financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss amounted to EUR 1,416 thousand (2021: EUR 766 thousand). The total interest expense on financial  liabilities  not  measured  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss amounted  to  EUR  40,110  thousand  (2021:  EUR  37,849  thousand).

The  subsequent  measurement  of  derivatives  is  made  at  fair value (level 2 measurement).

As at the balance sheet date, assets from currency derivatives amounted to EUR 15,819 thousand (2021: EUR 207 thousand). The  financial  liabilities  from  currency  derivatives  amounted  to EUR 15 thousand (2021: EUR 7,425 thousand). An amount of EUR 636 million (2021: EUR 473 million) is hedged against currency derivatives, denominated in US-Dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar and Swiss Franc, with a maximum remaining term of up to three months (2021: one month). As in the previous year, the currency derivatives are not designated in a hedge relationship for accounting purposes. The net result from the measurement of currency derivatives as at the reporting date came to EUR 15,804 thousand (2021: EUR -7,217 thousand).

Liabilities from total return swaps on Sixt ordinary shares in the amount of EUR 3,727 thousand (2021: assets in the amount of EUR 1,063 thousand) were taken out to hedge future cash flows from share-based payment programmes for employees. Based on the expected employee fluctuation in the specific share-based employee participation programmes, between 82% and 30% of the total return swaps are designated to a hedge relationship. The valuation is based on standard methods considering the share price of Sixt ordinary shares, the base interest rate and the expected dividend yield. Sources of ineffectiveness are expected from diverging characteristics of the underlying and the hedging transaction, e.g. dividend payments, the interest component of the total return swaps and the changing number of shares entitled to subscribe to the employee participation programme as well as possible initial fair values of the hedging transaction. According to IFRS 9 hedging will be rebalanced in the future in case of significant ineffectiveness. As at the balance sheet date, an amount of EUR 12.3 million (2021: EUR 3.0 million) is hedged against total return swaps with a remaining term of up to four years. The amounts  recognised  for  designated  hedging  instruments  in  a cash flow hedge relationship are shown below:

-

-

| Designated hedging instruments - Total return swap  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  Financial other assets  -  1,063  Financial other liabilities  3,727  -  Fair value hedging instrument  3,727  1,063  Change in the fair value of the hedging instrument - designated risk  2,341  793  Fair value underlying transaction  2,259  441  Change in the fair value of the underlying transaction - designated risk  1,586  672  Ineffectiveness recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Income  (other operating income)  156  121  Ineffectiveness recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Income  (other operating expense)  370  Ineffective part recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Income  (other operating income)  205  251  Ineffective part recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Income  (other operating expense)  2,943  Recycling from other comprehensive income to the income statement  (personnel expense)  413  -100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sensitivity analysis

Based on the parallel shift in the yield curves of +100 / -100 basis points, the interest expense for variable-rate financial liabilities would increase by EUR 8,874 thousand, respectively decrease by EUR 8,874 thousand (2021: EUR 1,973 thousand increase or decrease by EUR 300 thousand), not taking into account possible economic compensation from new financing transactions. The sensitivity on the downward shift in the yield curves is partially limited by contractual agreements on minimum base interest rates.

The  sensitivity  analysis  for  the  reported  total  return  swaps  assumes a parallel shift in the yield curves  of  +100  /  -100  basis points. The reported fair values as at 31 December 2022 (other non-current assets) would then change by EUR 559 thousand / EUR -543 thousand (2021: EUR 136 thousand / EUR -132 thousand).

Considering the aforelisted changes to valuations from interest rate risks, not taking into account any tax effects, this would result  in  a  change  in  equity  of  EUR  -8,315  thousand  /  EUR 8,331 thousand (2021: EUR -1,837 thousand / EUR 168 thousand)  and  a  change  in  the  consolidated  profit/loss  of  EUR -8,315 thousand / EUR 8,331 thousand (2021: EUR -1,837 thousand / EUR 168 thousand).

Besides the parallel shift of the  yield curves, a  change in the share price of +10 / -10 percentage points was assumed for the reported total return equity swaps. This would result in an increase by EUR  723  thousand,  respectively decrease  by EUR 872 thousand in the reported fair values (2021: EUR 422 thousand increase or decrease by EUR 422 thousand). Considering  the  aforelisted  changes  to  valuations  from  share price risks,  not  taking  into  account  any  tax  effects,  this  would result  in  a  change  in  equity  of  EUR  723  thousand  /  EUR -872 thousand (2021: EUR 422 thousand / EUR -422 thousand) and a change in the consolidated profit/loss of EUR 412 thousand / EUR -497 thousand (2021: EUR 244 thousand / EUR -244 thousand) as well as a change in other comprehensive income of EUR 311 thousand / EUR -375 thousand (2021: EUR 178 thousand / EUR -178 thousand).

The sensitivity analysis for the reported currency derivatives assumes a change in the EUR exchange rates of +10 / -10 percentage  points.  The  reported  fair  values  as  at  31  December 2022 (other current assets / other current liabilities) would then change by EUR 35,098 thousand / EUR -10,097 thousand (2021: EUR 38,443 thousand / EUR -46,986 thousand). Considering the aforelisted changes to valuations from currency exchange risks, not  taking  into  account  any  tax  effects,  this  would  result  in  a change in equity of EUR 35,098 thousand / EUR -10,097 thousand  (2021:  EUR  38,443  thousand  /  EUR  -46,986  thousand) and a change in the consolidated profit/loss of EUR 35,098 thousand / EUR -10,097 thousand (2021: EUR 38,443 thousand / EUR -46,986 thousand).

## Financial risk management and hedging

Sixt Group is exposed to the following financial risks, which are addressed by the risk management system that has been implemented:

## Interest rate and market price risk

Besides medium- and long-term financial instruments bearing a fixed rate of interest, Sixt Group also uses variable-rate financial instruments to finance investments mainly in the rental fleet and is therefore exposed to interest rate risk. Derivative financial instruments such as interest rate  caps and interest rate swaps may in principle be used to limit interest rate risk as part of risk management. In this context, internal Group guidelines stipulate the  main  duties,  competencies,  responsibilities,  reporting  requirements and control tools. By entering into hedging transactions as part of risk management, the Group may deliberately convert existing variable-rate liabilities into synthetic fixed-rate refinancing.  In  contrast,  considering  the  appropriate  expec-

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

tations on the future development of short- and long-term interest rates, derivative instruments may also be used to achieve a defined level of variable-rate liabilities. As at the reporting date, as in the previous year, the Group does not report any derivative financial instruments.

There were no significant market price risks relating to financial instruments.

## Counterparty default risk

Creditworthiness checks are performed in accordance with internal guidelines prior to entering into an agreement in order to minimise counterparty default risk. Customers' creditworthiness is also checked at regular intervals during the term of the agreement. A valuation allowance is recognised for expected default risks.  When there are no realistic prospects of recovering the amount, the respective receivable is derecognised. In addition, there is a general risk that suppliers will not be able to meet their obligations  under  buy-back  agreements.  In  such  cases,  Sixt bears the remarketing risk relating to the vehicles. For this reason as well, Sixt performs regular credit checks.

Deposits with banks consist only of short-term maturity deposits. The ratings of the banks are monitored on an ongoing basis. The default risk is estimated to be negligible on the basis of the external ratings awarded.

## Analysis of trade receivables

Trade receivables are classified by default risk as follows:

| Trade receivables by risk class  Gross receivables  Impairments  Net receivables  in EUR thousand  Very low  406,081  2,616  403,465  Low  119,331  16,532  102,800  Increased  37,976  17,207  20,769  Highly increased  79,195  70,378  8,817  Group total as at 31 Dec. 2022  642,584  106,732  535,852   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Trade receivables by risk class  Gross receivables  Impairments  Net receivables  in EUR thousand  Very low  395,921  3,376  392,545  Low  110,266  9,273  100,993  Increased  27,770  15,895  11,875  Highly increased  77,115  67,750  9,365  Group total as at 31 Dec. 2021  611,072  96,295  514,778   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade receivables predominantly comprise receivables from the rental business with Sixt Group end-customers and receivables from suppliers relating to the sale of used vehicles as part of buy-back  commitments,  or  commercial  and  private  buyers  as part of the sale on the open market. At the reporting date, trade receivables  include  risk  concentrations  resulting  from  vehicle sales to manufacturers and dealers.

The Group applies the simplified approach for impairment described  in  IFRS  9,  whereby  an  impairment  allowance  in  the amount of expected credit losses over the lifetime of the receivable is recognised for all instruments irrespective of their credit quality. To measure the expected credit losses, parameters such as customer group, credit quality and transaction type are used.

For individual combinations of the aforementioned parameters, different rates in accordance with the management expectations are applied to determine the allowances. With regard to the rising inflation the credit losses are intensively monitored and the rates for allowances are adjusted if necessary. Due to the use of the simplified approach, the change in the allowance account is solely displayed as the net amount. In the event of concrete indications of default, the insolvency of the debtor, for example, the relevant receivables are fully derecognised regardless of any valuation allowances, that may have been made.

The maximum default amount is the reported carrying amount of  the  net  receivable.  No  credit  derivatives  or  similar  hedging

instruments were used to cover credit risk in the period under review.

In the financial year, the allowance account for trade receivables developed as follows:

| Change in the allowance account  Balance as at  Changes in the  scope of  consolidation  Change  Balance as at  in EUR thousand  1 Jan. 2022  31 Dec. 2022  Impairments for trade receivables  96,295  174  10,263  106,732  Change in the allowance account  Balance as at  Change  Balance as at  in EUR thousand  1 Jan. 2021  31 Dec. 2021  Impairments for trade receivables  95,851  444  96,295   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Analysis of receivables from insurances in other assets

Receivables from insurances by risk class in EUR thousand

Increased

Highly increased

Group total as at 31 Dec. 2022

Receivables from insurances by risk class in EUR thousand

Increased

Highly increased

Group total as at 31 Dec. 2021

All  of  the  receivables  are  impaired.  The  maximum  default amount is the reported carrying amount of the net receivable.

Gross receivables

33,327

8,252

41,578

Gross receivables

25,518

11,646

37,163

Impairments

15,921

7,521

23,442

Impairments

10,855

9,328

20,183

Net receivables

17,406

731

18,137

Net receivables

14,662

2,318

16,980

In the financial year, the allowance account for other assets developed as follows:

| Change in the allowance account  Balance as at  Change  Balance as at  in EUR thousand  1 Jan. 2022  31 Dec. 2022  Impairments for other assets  20,183  3,258  23,442  Change in the allowance account  Balance as at  Change  Balance as at  in EUR thousand  1 Jan. 2021  31 Dec. 2021  Impairments for other assets  22,143  -1,960  20,183   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In the year under review, the expenses for derecognised trade receivables  and  receivables  from  insurances  amounted  to EUR 58,246 thousand (2021: EUR 88,727 thousand). The expense  for  derecognition  refers  to  the  recognised  receivables without taking into account any valuation allowances, that may have already been made.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The total of expense for impairments and income from reversal of impairments amounted to EUR 13,076 thousand (2021: EUR -3,454 thousand).

The proceeds from payments received on previously derecognised  receivables  amounted  to  EUR  7,839  thousand  (2021: EUR 2,211 thousand).

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is managed via financial planning performed in accordance with internal guidelines. Based on its own assessment, Sixt has sufficient cash and cash equivalents, opportunities for refinancing on the capital markets and credit lines not used.

## Analysis of the repayment amounts of financial liabilities

The following table shows the repayment amounts (including assumed future payable interest) at their respective maturities:

| Repayment amounts by maturity  Commercial papers  Borrower's note  Bonds  Liabilities to banks  Lease liabilities  Total  in EUR thousand  loans  2023  112,000  136,637  9,000  472,661  178,547  908,845  2024  -  275,370  559,000  3,760  130,752  968,882  2025  -  165,624  -  3,760  69,207  238,591  2026  -  198,902  -  3,760  43,296  245,958  2027  -  1,739  -  50,580  36,604  88,923  2028  -  46,742  -  -  25,773  72,515  2029 and later  -  -  -  -  104,574  104,574  31 Dec. 2022  112,000  825,014  568,000  534,521  588,753  2,628,288   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Repayment amounts by maturity  Borrower's note  Bonds  Liabilities to banks  Lease liabilities  Total  in EUR thousand  loans  2022  6,568  261,813  33,759  114,509  416,648  2023  166,068  9,000  3,760  81,261  260,089  2024  291,610  559,000  3,760  59,554  913,924  2025  83,127  -  3,760  41,891  128,778  2026  194,980  -  3,760  25,244  223,984  2027  -  -  50,580  21,654  72,234  2028 and later  -  -  -  56,145  56,145  31 Dec. 2021  742,351  829,813  99,379  400,258  2,071,801   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The financial liabilities maturing in 2023 will be repaid using the financing mix available to the Group, among other sources from new lending of funds on the capital markets, and bank credit lines and commercial papers.

## Share price risk

With the share-based employee payment programmes (SPP2021 and  SPP2022),  Sixt  Group  is  exposed  to  a  share price risk. The amount of the payment obligation depends on the development of the share price of the Sixt ordinary share during the term of the programme. In order to hedge against share price risk, Sixt SE has entered into hedging transactions with a bank in the form of total return swaps. The total return swaps are designated and accounted for as cash flow hedges. As at the balance sheet date derivative financial instruments amounting to a nominal value of EUR 12.3 million (2021: EUR 3.0 million) were held to hedge against share price risk. The fair value of the transaction was EUR -3.7 million in total (2021: EUR 1.1 million).

## Analysis of the repayment amounts of currency derivatives and total return swaps

The following table shows the repayment amounts at their respective maturities:

| Repayment amounts by maturity  Currency  derivatives  Total return swaps  Total  in EUR thousand  2023  14,992  -318  14,674  2024  -  -380  -380  2025  -  -1,386  -1,386  2026 and later  -  -1,812  -1,812  31 Dec. 2022  14,992  -3,896  11,096   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Repayment amounts by maturity  Currency  derivatives  Total return swaps  Total  in EUR thousand  2022  -7,567  47  -7,520  2023  -  43  43  2024  -  44  44  2025 and later  -  924  924  31 Dec. 2021  -7,567  1,058  -6,509   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Exchange rate and country risk

The vast majority of receivables and payables are due in local currency in the country in which the respective Group company is based. As a result, Sixt Group is able to neutralise exchange rate risk in part by using natural hedges. However, the Group's external financing is mainly in euros, so that exchange rate risks arise primarily from receivables and liabilities for the financing of subsidiaries in non-euro countries. Currency swaps or other currency derivatives are used in particular to limit these exchange rate risks within the Group.

## Capital management

Sixt Group manages the Group's capital with the goal of creating a financial profile that supports the Group's growth targets, while providing  the  necessary  financial  flexibility  and  diversification.

The key long-term objective is a Group equity ratio (equity ÷ total assets) of at least 20%. This would ensure that all Group companies are able to operate on the basis of the going concern assumption.

The equity of the parent company is the basis of the Group's financial profile. As at the balance sheet date, the Group's equity ratio  was  35.7%  (2021:  38.6%).  Other  key  elements  of  the Group's  financial  profile  include  the  financial  instruments  reported in current and non-current financial liabilities. The share of  current  and  non-current  financial  liabilities  to  total  assets amounted to 45.1% at the reporting date (2021: 44.3%). In addition to the reported financial liabilities, the Group has entered into operating lease agreements to refinance its fleet.

## 5. OTHER DISCLOSURES

## 5.1 SEGMENT REPORTING

| Segment Report  Germany  Europe  North America  Other  Reconciliation  Group  in EUR million  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  External revenue  869.8  739.6  1,278.0  945.6  908.2  584.6  10.2  12.6  -  -  3,066.2  2,282.4  Internal revenue  66.9  36.7  14.8  8.9  18.5  6.3  31.9  20.2  -132.1  -72.1  -  Total revenue  936.7  776.3  1,292.8  954.5  926.7  590.9  42.1  32.8  -132.1  -72.1  3,066.2  2,282.4  Leasing expenses for rental vehicles  35.3  43.8  10.4  10.5  1.8  -  -  -  -0.0  -0.2  47.4  54.0  Depreciation of rental vehicles  1  131.2  57.2  172.7  131.3  103.8  53.2  -  -  -  -  407.7  241.7  Interest income  34.9  28.6  8.4  4.9  0.7  0.5  -  -  -42.6  -33.3  1.4  0.8  Interest expense  -37.6  -34.3  -20.9  -21.5  -23.3  -14.4  -  -  44.0  34.6  -37.7  -35.6  Corporate EBITDA  162.6  176.2  351.6  231.5  185.8  163.6  -0.6  1.4  -  -  699.4  572.6  Other depreciation and amortisation  4.8  4.5  -  -  147.0  128.3  Reclassification net interest expense  -  -  -  -  36.3  34.9  EBIT 2  -5.4  -3.1  -  -  588.8  479.2  Financial result  -2.4  -2.2  -  -  -38.6  -37.0  EBT 3  -7.8  -5.4  -  -  550.2  442.2  Investments 4  233.4  67.3  122.8  39.9  104.9  60.2  228.1  34.4  -398.2  -58.6  291.0  143.3  Segment assets  3,665.7  3,227.7  2,177.6  2,061.8  1,475.9  1,027.8  1,270.9  1,042.8  -3,076.4  -2,904.8  5,513.7  4,455.2  Segment liabilities  2,743.6  2,293.1  1,153.9  1,204.1  711.4  628.7  161.4  132.2  -1,324.1  -1,549.9  3,446.2  2,708.2  Employees 5  3,023  2,704  2,768  2,421  1,308  955  410  319  -  -  7,509  6,399   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 Since financial year 2022 depreciation of rental vehicles contains the depreciation of right of use assets for rental vehicles financed by lease contracts, that was reported under  depreciation  of  property  and  equipment  in  the  previous  year.  The  prior  year comparative figures have been adjusted accordingly.
- 2 Corresponds to earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT)

The main business activity of Sixt Group is vehicle rental including  other  related  services  and  brokerage  of  transfer  services. These activities are also summarised under Mobility. Activities that cannot be allocated to the main business activities and segments, such as holding company activities and real estate leasing,  are  combined  in  the  Other  segment.  The  Management Board manages Group activities based on reporting structured according to regional aspects. Resources are allocated and the performance is assessed by the Management Board at the level of the individual countries.

The Groups main activity is similar in all countries.  Based on similar  economic  conditions  and  business  characteristics  the countries are grouped into the reportable segments Germany, Europe (excluding Germany) and North America. The key parameter for the assessment of the performance by the

- 3 Corresponds to earnings before taxes (EBT)
- 4 Investments  in  non-current  assets  including  right  of  use  assets,  excluding  rental vehicles
- 5 Annual average

Management Board is Corporate EBITDA. Corporate EBITDA is defined  as  earnings  before  depreciation,  amortisation,  net  finance costs and taxes (EBITDA), but with additional consideration of fleet-related expenses, such as depreciation of rental vehicles and attributable net interest expense.

Segment reporting is generally based on the accounting policies in  the  Consolidated Financial Statements. Receivables, liabilities,  income  and  expenses  between  the  segments  are  eliminated in the reconciliation to the Group figures. Group assets and liabilities do not recognise any tax positions.

The following geographic information analyses the Group's consolidated revenue and the Group's assets (excluding tax positions) by the Group company's country of domicile.

-

| By region  Consolidated revenue  Assets  in EUR million  2022  2021  2022  2021  Germany  878.1  749.6  2,166.4  1,671.2  Europe/Other  1,279.9  948.3  1,893.1  1,761.3  Thereof France  387.7  293.4  571.5  604.1  North America  908.2  584.6  1,454.2  1,022.7  Thereof USA  907.2  584.6  1,446.1  1,022.7  Group total  3,066.2  2,282.4  5,513.7  4,455.2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5.2 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND OTHER FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS

## Contingent liabilities

At the end of the financial year there were contingencies from guarantees or similar obligations in the amount of EUR 111.4 million (2021: EUR 89.9 million).

## Other financial obligations

In addition to provisions and liabilities, the Group has other financial obligations that result mainly from short-term leases entered into to refinance the rental fleet and from obligations under lease agreements on buildings for which no right of use assets and lease liabilities have been recognised.

| Other financial obligations  in EUR million  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  Due within one year  38.2  48.6  Due in one to five years  0.3  2.1  Group total  38.5  50.7   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Purchase commitments under agreements concluded as at the balance sheet date in respect of vehicle deliveries for the rental fleet in the coming year amounted to around EUR 2,088.3 million (2021: EUR 1,486.3 million).

## 5.3 SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

The Group had two share-based payment programmes in the year  under  review:  the  employee  participation  programme (Matching Stock Programme - MSP) that was initiated in 2012 and  is  recognised  in  the  category  equity-settled  share-based payment programme as well as the employee participation programme (Stock Performance Programme - SPP) which is recognised in the category cash-settled share-based payment programme. The programmes are described in detail as follows.

## Cash-settled share-based payment for employees

In  2021,  the  Management  Board  and  Supervisory  Board  of Sixt SE resolved to implement a Stock Performance Programme (SPP) for a selected group of employees, senior executives and members of the Management Board of Sixt SE at the company and its affiliated companies. The goal of the SPP is to convince and encourage the participants to participate in the sustainable success of Sixt SE.

The Management Board of Sixt SE or the Supervisory Board, if the Management Board itself is concerned, sets the maximum participation volume for each individual beneficiary. The maximum participation volume for all employees and senior executives, with the exception of members of the Management Board, is limited to EUR 10 million per year of allocation.

Under the terms and conditions of the 2021 Scheme (SPP 2021), a participant's full entitlement to payment arises four years after the grant date (calculation date), provided that the participant still has a contract of employment with a company of Sixt Group that has not been terminated or is a member of the Management Board of Sixt SE or is a member of the management of a company of Sixt Group. If this is not the case the calculation date, i.e. the participant has left, the phantom stocks are forfeited in full or paid out on a pro rata basis, depending on the agreement with the participant and the reason for his or her departure.

In the course of a change in the programme conditions in 2022 (SPP 2022), a participant's entitlement to payment shall, in deviation  from  this,  arise  already  after  one,  two,  three  and  four years  from  the  grant  date  (calculation  date).  The  other  programme conditions of the SPP 2022 are the same as those of the SPP 2021. The amended programme conditions do not apply to members of the Management Board.

The SPP gain is determined at the calculation date and calculated  by  multiplying  the  number  of  phantom  stocks  that  have been granted and have not been forfeited due to the participant's

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

departure by the volume-weighted average price of the Sixt ordinary share in Xetra trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange during the last ten trading days before the calculation date. For members  of  the  Management  Board,  there  is  a  contractually agreed cap on the SPP gain. Any taxes, contributions and other levies due on the SPP gain are to be borne by the participant. The net amount remaining thereafter will be paid to the participant in cash.

The allocation  of  phantom  stocks  does  not  entitle  the  participants to receive dividends during the term of the SPP.

| Number of phantom stocks SPP 2021  2022 allocation  2021 allocation  Total  2021 allocation  2022  2021  Outstanding at the beginning of the financial year  -  30,105  30,105  Granted during the financial year  27,051  -  27,051  30,298  Forfeited during the financial year  -  -1,912  -1,912  -193  Outstanding at the end of the financial year  27,051  28,193  55,244  30,105   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Number of phantom stocks from the SPP 2022 developed as follows:

| Number of phantom stocks SPP 2022  2022 allocation  2022  Outstanding at the beginning of the financial year  -  Granted during the financial year  60,439  Forfeited during the financial year  -1,141  Outstanding at the end of the financial year  59,298   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The valuation of the phantom stocks from the  SPP without a payout cap for employees and executives was carried out using a Black-Scholes simulation model. The valuation of the phantom stocks with a payout cap for members of the Management Board was carried out using a Monte Carlo simulation. The following parameters were included in the simulation:

| Simulation model parameters  SPP 2022  SPP 2021  SPP 2021  2022 allocation  2022 allocation  2021 allocation  Weighted average fair values at the measurement date in euros  81.53  68.72  80.03  Expected dividend yield in %  2.21  2.95  2.95  Expected volatility in %  34.94  40.55  34.01  Expected term until exercise in years  1.92  3.41  2.42  Risk-free interest rate in %  1.99  1.99  2.00  Weighted average share price in euros  85.95  85.95  85.95  Weighted average strike price in euros  0.00  0.00  0.00   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

If, during the term of the SPP, a dilutive measure or other measure affecting Sixt ordinary shares occurs that has an economic effect on the value of the phantom stocks (e.g. share split, consolidation of shares), Sixt SE will adjust the number of phantom stocks accordingly.

The number of phantoms stocks under the SPP 2021 changed as follows:

-

The Group recognised expenses in the amount of EUR 1,904 thousand (2021: EUR 441 thousand) in connection with cashsettled share-based payments as personnel expenses in 2022. Taking into account currency effects, a corresponding addition was made to the non-current and current provisions. The corresponding  provisions  amount  to  EUR  2,362  thousand  (2021: EUR 441 thousand) as at the reporting date. The Group entered into a derivative hedge transaction to hedge against share price risk.

## Equity-settled share-based payment for employees

In  September 2012, the Management Board and Supervisory Board of Sixt SE resolved to implement a Matching Stock Programme for a selected group of employees, senior executives and members of the Management Board of Sixt SE at the company and its affiliated companies (MSP 2012). The programme enables  employee  participation  in  the  form  of  shares  while avoiding any dilutions for current shareholders of Sixt SE, i.e. new shares are not issued for settlement, but rather purchased on the market.

To participate in the MSP, each participant had to make a personal investment by acquiring a bond issued by Sixt SE. The bonds  acquired for the MSP  2012  carried  a coupon  of 4.5% p.a. The total volume invested by all participants was limited to a maximum of EUR 7 million. The bond was repaid in accordance with the contractual terms in December 2020.

The Management Board of Sixt SE - with the approval of the Supervisory Board, if the Management Board itself is concerned - set the maximum participation volume for each individual beneficiary. Participants in the MSP had to have a contract of employment with Sixt SE or one of its subsidiaries that had not been terminated at the time of subscribing for the MSP.

Every EUR 1,000 of paid-up subscription amount entitles to subscribe to 500 stock options per annual tranche in accordance with the MSP terms and conditions.

According to the conditions one tranche of stock options has been allocated (a total  of  seven  tranches)  on  1  December  of every year from 2012 (first time) to 2018 (last time). This means each participant is entitled to subscribe to up to a total of 3,500 stock  options  for  every  EUR  1,000  of  paid-up  subscription amount (7 tranches with 500 stock options each).

As in the previous year, no further tranche of stock options was allocated to participants of the MSP 2012 in 2022.

The stock options allocated can only be exercised after a lockup period of four years, starting from the allocation of the respective tranche. The stock options can only be exercised if the exercise price since the allocation of the respective tranche is 20% higher than the initial price of said tranche (exercise threshold). The initial price of the stock options corresponds to the average unweighted closing price of Sixt preference shares in Xetra trading  on  the  Frankfurt  Stock  Exchange  over  the  last  60  trading days  before  the  respective  stock  options  of  the  tranche  concerned  are  allocated.  The  exercise  price  is  the  average  unweighted closing price of Sixt preference shares in Xetra trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange over the last 60 trading days before the stock options of a tranche are exercised. Stock options allocated as part of a tranche are deemed to have been exercised on the first trading day following the end of the fouryear lock-up period, if the exercise threshold has been reached. If the exercise threshold is not reached, the stock options expire without compensation.

The exercise gain (before taxes) for a tranche, calculated if the stock options are exercised, may not exceed 5% of the regular earnings before taxes (EBT) as reported in the prior to each exercise most recent approved Consolidated Financial Statements of Sixt SE. If it does, the amount must be reduced proportionately for all participants. In addition, the exercise gain (before taxes) of each tranche is limited for every participant to twice his paid-up investment volume. An amount less the taxes and contributions  on  the  exercise  gain  payable  by  the  participant,  is credited  to  each  participant  in  preference  shares  of  Sixt SE which Sixt SE acquires for the participant. These shares are subsequently transferred to a blocked custody account in the participant's favour. The participant is free to draw on the shares after another year.

If,  during  the  term  of  the  MSP ,  adjustments  are  made  to  the share capital  of  Sixt  SE  or  restructuring  measures  are  implemented that have a direct impact on the share capital of Sixt SE and this causes the value of the stock options to change by 10% or more, the initial price is adjusted to the extent necessary to compensate for the change in value of the stock options caused by the capital measure.

If Sixt SE distributes dividends or other assets to shareholders in  the  period  between allocation and exercise of a tranche of stock options, the initial price of this tranche must be adjusted by deducting the amount of the dividend or distribution attributable to one preference share from the initial price.

<!-- image -->

If the bond acquired by the participant as a personal investment is redeemed early or if the participant's employment contract is terminated, the stock options already allocated but not yet exercised and the entitlements to unallocated stock options are generally forfeited.

The number of stock options under the MSP 2012 changed as follows:

| Number of stock options  2018 allocation  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Outstanding at the beginning of the financial year  1,997,500  2,276,000  2,543,500  2,693,500  -  Granted during the financial year  -  -  -  -  2,703,500  Returned during the financial year  -71,500  -278,500  -267,500  -150,000  -10,000  Expired according to the terms and conditions  -1,926,000  -  -  -  -  Outstanding at the end of the financial year  -  1,997,500  2,276,000  2,543,500  2,693,500  Existing contractual obligation for future grant  -  -  -  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at the balance sheet date, no tranches granted under the MSP 2012 were outstanding.

The  stock  options  under  the  MSP  2012  were  measured  by means of a Monte Carlo simulation model. Assuming that the price of the stock option granted can be calculated as the discounted future expected value (with regard to the risk-neutral probability), the price development of the underlying (Sixt preference share) is simulated a large number of times and the expected value is determined by calculating the arithmetic mean of the results of the individual simulations.

The method used is based on the random walk of the price performance of Sixt preference shares with a log-normal distribution of  the  relative  price  changes.  Other  assumptions used by the model are that the MSP participants pursue a strategy that is aimed from their perspective at maximising profit, constant dividend yields, drift and volatility, the cap of 5% of earnings before taxes (MSP 2012) is not achieved, no change in the share capital of Sixt SE during the term of the MSP, no change in the current MSP terms and conditions.

The average price over a 60-day period is determined for each path comprising a simulated share price performance for each tranche after the lock-up period expires and is compared with the exercise threshold. If the figure is above the exercise threshold, the related gain on the stock option is discounted from the exercise date to the reporting date in accordance with the yield curve observed.

The expected volatility was estimated on the basis of the historical volatility of the share price. The expected term used in the model was adjusted to reflect the Management Board's best estimate of the impact of non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behaviour such as staff fluctuation.

The parameters used in the simulation at the time of granting were:

| Simulation model parameters  2018  allocation  Risk-free interest rate in %  -0.01  Expected volatility in %  27  Expected term until exercise from issue in years  4.0  Price of preference shares on the issue date in EUR  60.20   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In accordance with IFRS 2, personnel expenses were calculated on the basis of the market conditions at the grant date, and not on the basis of the market conditions at the balance sheet date. In 2022, the Group recognised personnel expenses of EUR 375 thousand (2021: EUR 825 thousand) in connection with equitysettled share-based payments; these are fully attributable to the "2018 allocation".

In consideration of currency translation differences, additions to the capital reserves have been made accordingly.

## 5.4 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURE

Sixt Group has receivables from and liabilities to various unconsolidated  Group  companies for the purposes of intercompany settlements and financing. The resulting balances are presented in the items other receivables and other liabilities. The transactions are conducted on arm's length terms. The following provides an overview of significant transactions and account balances arising from such relationships:

| Related parties  Services rendered  Services used  Receivables from related  companies  Liabilities to related companies  in EUR million  2022  2021  2022  2021  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  CV Main 2000 UA  -  -  0.2  0.3  -  -  1  -  Sixt Immobilien Beteiligungen GmbH  1  1  1  1  1  1  0.2  0.2  Sixt Verwaltungs B.V.  1  1  -  -  0.1  0.1  -  -  TÜV SÜD Car Registration &amp; Services GmbH  0.1  0.1  1.3  1.8  1  1  1  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Amount less than EUR 0.1 million

The Supervisory Board member Dr. Daniel Terberger holds a stake in a company, with whom the Group maintains a business relationship  covering  the  delivery  of  working  clothes  at  arm's length conditions. In the year under review, transactions with this company amounted to EUR 0.5 million (2021: less than EUR 0.1 million). Furthermore, the Group rented two properties belonging to  the  Sixt  family  for  its  operations  in  the  financial  year.  The rental expenses amounted to EUR 0.2 million (2021: EUR 0.2

million). Further business relationships to related parties, mainly from the rental of vehicles at market conditions, exist to a limited extent. Mr. Erich Sixt, Mr. Alexander Sixt and Mr. Konstantin Sixt received remuneration for their services as members of the Management Board, respectively Supervisory Board. Further members of the Sixt family received remuneration amounting to EUR 0.6 million (2021: EUR 0.6 million) for their activities on behalf of the Group.

<!-- image -->

## The Supervisory Board and Management Board of Sixt SE

| Supervisory Board  Exercised profession  Membership of supervisory boards and other comparable bodies  of business enterprises  Erich Sixt (since 16 June 2021)  Chairman  Grünwald  Chairman of the Supervisory Boad of Sixt SE  Chairman of the Supervisory Board of trans-o-flex Express GmbH &amp; Co. KGaA  Dr. Daniel Terberger (since 2012)  Bielefeld  Chairman of the Management Board of KATAG  AG  Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Textilhäuser F. Klingenthal GmbH  Member of the Supervisory Board of Gebr. Weiss Holding AG, Austria  Member of the Supervisory Board of Fussl Modestraße Mayr GmbH, Austria  Member of the Advisory Board of ECE Group GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Member of the Advisory Board of Eterna Mode Holding GmbH  Member of the Advisory Board of Loden-Frey Verkaufshaus GmbH &amp; Co.KG  Member of the Advisory Board of William Prym Holding GmbH  Anna Magdalena Kamenetzky-Wetzel  (since 2 June 2022)  Miami Beach  Self-employed entrepreneur  Member of the Administrative Board of Kitu Super Brands, Inc., Austin,  Texas/United States of America  Member of the Administrative Board of Paws Holdings Limited, London/United  Kingdom  Member of the Administrative Board of Fuzzy Pet Health, Inc., San Franciso,  California/United States of America  Member of the Administrative Board of Project Pollo, Inc., San Antonio,  Texas/United States of America (until November 2022)  Dr. Julian zu Putlitz (since 16 June 2021)  Pullach  CFO of IFCO Systems Group  Member of the Supervisory Board of Allane SE  (until 29 June 2022, listed)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Management Board  Role  Residence  Alexander Sixt  Co-Chief Executive Officer  Grünwald  Konstantin Sixt  Co-Chief Executive Officer  Grünwald  James Adams  Chief Commercial Officer (since 1 October 2022)  Grünwald  Prof. Dr. Kai Andrejewski  Chief Financial Officer  Pullach  Nico Gabriel  Chief Operating Officer  Neuried  Vinzenz Pflanz  Chief Business Officer (since 1 October 2022)  München   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The members of the Management Board did not hold any further memberships on supervisory boards or other comparable bodies of business enterprises during their service as members of the  Management Board of Sixt  SE in 2022.  Prof. Dr. Kai  Andrejewski is member on the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Beteiligungs AG since January 2023.

## Total remuneration of the Supervisory Board and Management Board of Sixt SE

| Total remuneration  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  Supervisory Board remuneration  380  218  Management Board remuneration  13,536  13,144  Thereof variable remuneration  8,482  6,724   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Variable  remuneration  includes  remuneration  components  to  be paid  in  subsequent  years.  Remunerations  in  the  amount  of EUR 4,250 thousand is conditional upon the achievement of a minimum EBT in financial year 2023.

As in the previous year, no stock options were granted to the members of the Management Board in financial year 2022. As at the balance sheet date all of the stock options of MSP 2012 had been issued, therefore there are no further entitlements. The employee participation programme MSP 2012 expired in financial year 2022, no stock options were exercised. At the end of the previous year members of the Supervisory Board were allocated none and members of the Management Board were allocated 300,000 stock options under the employee participation programme MSP 2012, and on the basis of their personal investments. In addition, in the last year former members of the Management Board were allocated 100,000 stock options on the basis of their personal investments. In  financial  year  2022  the  members  of  the  Management  Board were granted 27,051 phantom stocks under the employee participation programme SPP. The equivalent amount as the base for calculating the number of phantom stocks on the allocation date was EUR  3,025  thousand.  Under  the  employee  participation  programme SPP no phantom stocks were allocated to members of the Supervisory Board and 27,051 phantom stocks (2021: -) were allocated in total to the Management Board as at balance sheet date.

The Group has no pension obligations towards members of the Supervisory Board or the Management Board.

## Shareholdings

As at 31 December 2022, Erich Sixt Vermögensverwaltung GmbH, Pullach, all shares of which are held directly and indirectly by the Sixt family, held 17,701,822 of the ordinary shares of Sixt SE (2021: 17,701,822 ordinary shares). In addition to this, Mr. Erich Sixt continued to hold two registered ordinary shares of Sixt SE.

In accordance with article 19 of the European Market Abuse Directive,  persons  performing  executive  functions  and  persons closely related to them are legally required to disclose their own transactions with shares or bonds of Sixt SE and their related financial derivatives or other related financial instruments. The reporting requirement applies to all transactions, that are conducted after the total amount of EUR 20,000 within the calendar year was achieved.

The transaction notifications received by Sixt SE during financial year 2022 were duly published and can be accessed on the website of Sixt SE at ir.sixt.eu under the tab 'Investor Relations - Corporate Governance - Managers' Transactions'.

## 5.5 PROPOSAL FOR ALLOCATION OF UNAPPROPRIATED PROFIT

Sixt SE reported unappropriated profit for financial year 2022 in accordance with German commercial law of EUR 390,475 thousand (2021: EUR 453,818 thousand). Subject to approval by the Supervisory Board, the Management Board proposes utilising this unappropriated profit as follows:

| Proposal for allocation of unappropriated profit  in EUR thousand  2022  2021  Payment of a dividend of EUR 4.11 (2021: EUR 3.70) and a special dividend of EUR 2.00 (2021: EUR -)  per ordinary share entitled to a dividend  185,543  112,358  Payment of a dividend of EUR 4.13 (2021: EUR 3.72) and a special dividend of EUR 2.00 (2021: EUR -)  per preference share entitled to a dividend  101,612  61,664  Carryforward to new account  103,320  279,796   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

As at 31 December 2022, 30,367,112 ordinary shares entitled to a dividend and 16,576,246 preference shares entitled to a dividend were issued. The proposed dividend payout of EUR 6.11 per ordinary share and EUR 6.13 per preference share (each including special  dividend)  would  result  in  in  a  total  distribution  of  EUR 287,155 thousand. This takes due account of the positive development of both the business and earnings in 2022.

The  proposal  by  the  Management  Board  and  the  Supervisory Board on the appropriation of the unappropriated profit for financial year 2021 was resolved unchanged by the Annual General Meeting on 25 May 2022.

## 5.6 EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING DATE

At the end of February 2023 Sixt SE issued borrower's note loans in amount of EUR 450 million. The loans have terms of three, five and seven years with a nominal value of EUR 45 million, EUR 305 million and EUR 100 million respectively.

No further reportable events of special significance for the asset, financial and earnings position of the Group occurred after the end of financial year 2022.

Pullach, 27 March 2023

Sixt SE

The Management Board

ALEXANDER SIXT

KONSTANTIN SIXT

JAMES ADAMS

## 5.7 DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 161 OF THE GERMAN STOCK CORPORATION ACT (AKTG)

The declaration by the Management Board and the Supervisory Board required by Section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG - Aktiengesetz) stating that the recommendations of the Government Commission on the German Corporate Governance Code have been complied with and which recommendations have not been applied was issued in the financial year and made permanently accessible to shareholders on the Sixt SE website under ir.sixt.eu in the section 'Corporate Governance'.

## 5.8 AUTHORISATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH IAS 10.17

These Consolidated Financial Statements are authorised by the Management Board for submission to the Supervisory Board on 27 March 2023.

PROF. DR. KAI ANDREJEWSKI

NICO GABRIEL

VINZENZ PFLANZ

<!-- image -->

## FURTHER INFORMATION

| D.1  180     RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT  D.2  181     INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT  D.3  187     STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION  OF SIXT SE (HGB)  D.4  188     STATEMENT OF INCOME OF SIXT SE (HGB)  D.5  189     REMUNERATION REPORT  1. 189     Foreword by the supervisory board  2. 190     The remuneration systems for the Management Board and Supervisory Board  3. 190     Remuneration of the Management Board in financial	year	2022  4. 195     Remuneration of the Supervisory Board in financial	year	2022  5. 196     Comparative presentation of Management Board and Supervisory Board remuneration  - D.6 198     REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR ON THE AUDIT OF THE REMUNERATION REPORT IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 162 (3) AKTG  D.7  199     FINANCIAL CALENDAR   |
|---|

<!-- image -->

## D \\  FURTHER INFORMATION

## D.1 \\  RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

by Sixt SE, Pullach, for financial year 2022

## in accordance with Sections 297 (2) sentence 4 and 315 (1) sentence 5 of the HGB (German Commercial Code)

To the best of our knowledge, and in accordance with the applicable  reporting  principles,  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  asset,  financial  and

Pullach, 27 March 2023

Sixt SE

The Management Board

| ALEXANDER SIXT  KONSTANTIN SIXT  JAMES ADAMS  PROF. DR. KAI ANDREJEWSKI  NICO GABRIEL  VINZENZ PFLANZ   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

earnings position of the Group, and the Combined Management Report  includes  a  fair  review  of  the  development  and  performance of the business and the position of the Group, together with a description of the principal opportunities and risks associated with the expected development of the Group.

The  following  independent  auditors'  report  ('Bestätigungsvermerk') was issued in accordance with Section 322 of the German Commercial Code (HGB) on the IFRS Financial Statements

2022, which were prepared in German language. The translation of  the  independent auditor's report ('Bestätigungsvermerk') is as follows:

## D.2 \\  INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To Sixt SE, Pullach/Germany

## REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND  OF  THE  COMBINED  MANAGEMENT REPORT

## Audit Opinions

We  have  audited  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of Sixt SE,  Pullach/Germany,  and  its  subsidiaries  (the  Group) which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December  2022,  and  the  consolidated  income  statement  and statement  of  comprehensive  income,  the  consolidated  statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2022, and the notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies. In addition, we have audited the combined management report for the parent and the group of Sixt SE, Pullach/Germany, for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2022. In accordance with the German legal requirements, we have not audited the content of the summarised consolidated non-financial declaration included in the chapter 'Summarised non-financial declaration of the Group pursuant to sections 315b and c in conjunction with sections 289b to e of the HGB' of the combined management report nor the content of the corporate governance statement included in the chapter 'Corporate governance declaration in accordance with sections 289f and 315d of the HGB' of the combined management report.

In our opinion, on the basis of the knowledge obtained in the audit,

- \ \ the accompanying consolidated financial statements comply, in all material respects, with  IFRS as adopted by the EU and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to section 315e (1) German Commercial Code (HGB) and, in compliance with these requirements, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2022 and of its financial performance for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2022, and
- \ \ the accompanying combined management report as a whole provides an appropriate view of the Group's position. In all material respects, this combined management report is consistent with the consolidated financial statements, complies with German legal requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development. Our audit opinion on the combined management report does not cover the  content  of  the  summarised  consolidated  non-financial declaration referred to above nor the content of the corporate governance statement referred to above.

Pursuant to section 322 (3) sentence 1 HGB, we declare that our audit has not led to any reservations relating to the legal compliance of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined management report.

## Basis for the Audit Opinions

We  conducted  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements and of the combined management report in accordance with section 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation (No. 537/2014; referred to subsequently as 'EU Audit Regulation')  and  in  compliance  with  German  Generally  Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW). We performed the audit of the consolidated financial statements in supplementary compliance with the International Standards on Auditing (ISA). Our responsibilities under those requirements, principles and standards are further described in the 'Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Combined Management Report' section of our auditor's report. We are independent of the group entities in accordance with the requirements of European law and German commercial and professional law, and we have fulfilled our other German professional  responsibilities  in  accordance  with  these  requirements. In addition, in accordance with article 10 (2) point (f) of the EU Audit Regulation, we declare that we have not provided non-audit services prohibited under article 5 (1) of the EU Audit Regulation.  We believe  that  the  audit  evidence  we  have  obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report.

<!-- image -->

## Key Audit Matters in the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2022. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole and in forming our audit opinion thereon; we do not provide a separate audit opinion on these matters.

In  the  following  we  present  the  subsequent  measurement  of rental vehicles,  which  we have  determined to  be  a key audit matter in the course of our audit.

Our presentation of this key audit matter has been structured as follows:

- a) Description  (including  reference  to  corresponding  information in the consolidated financial statements)
- b) Auditor's response

## Subsequent measurement of rental vehicles

- a) In the consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE, rental vehicles  totalling  EUR 3,833  million  are  reported;  this  corresponds to around 69.1% of total assets.

Rental vehicles are carried at cost less depreciation and writedowns taking into account their calculated residual values. For vehicles for which buy-back agreements have been concluded, their residual values are determined by the agreed residual values. If no buy-back values have been agreed, the vehicles' residual values are adapted to the expected market value at the planned disposal date. Write-downs are made if the assets are required to be recognised at a lower value.

We classified the measurement of this quantitatively significant balance sheet item as a key audit matter since the valuation of rental  vehicles  is  based  on  discretionary  estimates  and  assumptions made by the executive directors with regard to their write-downs to the expected residual value.

The disclosures of the executive directors of the Parent on the measurement  of  rental  vehicles  are  contained  in  sections 3 'Reporting and valuation methods' and 4.15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

- b) In auditing the appropriateness of the valuation technique, we examined the corresponding organisational and operational

structure with regard to appropriateness and effectiveness of the key controls implemented. This relates in particular to the process of taking into account contractually agreed buy-back values or expected residual values for determining depreciation. Furthermore, with regard to recognising write-downs, we reproduced the procedure for determining any such impairment need.

As part of our substantive procedures regarding write-downs, we reproduced the assumptions regarding residual value and disposal risk underlying the determination of write-downs and examined the impairment need calculated on this basis. In so doing, we also compared the executive directors' expectations regarding the market price development with the actual market prices and examined them for plausibility. In addition, we performed an analytical examination of depreciation.

## Other Information

The executive directors and/or the supervisory board are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises

- \ \ the report of the supervisory board,
- \ \ the  summarised  consolidated  non-financial  declaration  included in the chapter 'Summarised non-financial declaration of the Group pursuant to sections 315b and c in conjunction with sections 289b to e of the HGB' of the combined management report,
- \ \ the corporate governance statement included in the chapter 'Corporate governance declaration in accordance with sections 289f and 315d of the HGB' of the combined management report,
- \ \ the  executive directors'  confirmation regarding  the  consolidated financial statements and the combined management report  pursuant  to  section 297  (2)  sentence 4  and  section 315 (1) sentence 5 HGB, and
- \ \ the report on gender equality and equal pay pursuant to Section 21 Transparency in Wage Structures Act (EntgTranspG), which is attached as an appendix to the combined management report,
- \ \ the  remuneration  report  pursuant  to  Section  162  German Stock Corporation Act (AktG), and
- \ \ all other parts of the annual report,

- \ \ but not the consolidated financial statements, not the audited content of the combined management report and not our auditor's report thereon.

The supervisory board is responsible for the report of the supervisory  board.  The  executive  directors and  the supervisory board  are  responsible  for  the  declaration  according  to  section 161 AktG, which is part of the corporate governance declaration included in the combined management report, and for the remuneration report pursuant to Section 162 AktG. Otherwise, the executive directors are responsible for the other information.

Our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report do not cover the other information, and consequently we do not express an audit opinion or any other form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our audit,  our responsibility is to read  the other information identified above and, in doing so, to consider whether the other information

- \ \ is  materially  inconsistent  with  the  consolidated  financial statements, with the audited content of the combined management report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or
- \ \ otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

## Responsibilities of the Executive Directors and the Supervisory Board for the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Combined Management Report

The executive directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that comply, in all material respects, with IFRS as adopted by the EU and the additional requirements  of  German  commercial  law  pursuant  to  section 315e  (1)  HGB,  and  that  the  consolidated  financial  statements, in compliance with these requirements, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and financial performance of the Group. In addition, the executive directors are  responsible  for  such  internal  control  as  they  have  determined necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial  statements  that  are  free  from  material  misstatement, whether  due  to  fraud  (i.e.,  fraudulent  financial  reporting  and misappropriation of assets) or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the executive directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. They also have the responsibility  for  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related  to going concern. In addition, they are responsible for financial reporting based on the going concern basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or there is no realistic alternative but to do so.

Furthermore,  the  executive  directors  are  responsible  for  the preparation  of  the  combined  management  report  that  as  a whole provides an appropriate view of the Group's position and is, in all material respects, consistent with the consolidated financial statements, complies with German legal requirements, and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development. In addition, the executive directors are responsible  for  such  arrangements  and  measures  (systems)  as  they have considered necessary to enable the preparation of a combined management report that is in accordance with the applicable  German  legal  requirements,  and  to  be  able  to  provide sufficient  appropriate evidence for the assertions in the combined management report.

The  supervisory  board  is  responsible for  overseeing  the Group's financial reporting process for the preparation of the consolidated financial  statements  and  of  the  combined  management report.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Combined Management Report

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and whether the combined management report as a whole provides an appropriate view of the Group's position and, in all material  respects,  is  consistent  with  the  consolidated  financial statements and the knowledge obtained in the audit, complies with the German legal requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development, as well as to issue an auditor's report that includes our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with section 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation and in compliance with  German  Generally  Accepted  Standards  for  Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW) and in supplementary compliance with the ISA will always detect a material misstatement.

Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements and this combined management report.

We exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also

- \ \ identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined management report, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinions. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than the  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material  misstatement  resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,  misrepresentations,  or  the  override  of  internal controls.
- \ \ obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit of the consolidated financial statements and of arrangements and measures relevant to the audit of the combined management report in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an audit opinion on the effectiveness of these systems.
- \ \ evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used by the executive directors and the reasonableness of estimates made by the executive directors and related disclosures.
- \ \ conclude on the appropriateness of the executive directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in the auditor's report to the related disclosures in  the consolidated financial  statements  and in the combined management report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our respective audit opinions. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to be able to continue as a going concern.
- \ \ evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the  consolidated financial statements present the underlying transactions and events in a manner that the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and financial performance of the Group in compliance with IFRS as adopted by the EU and with the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to section 315e (1) HGB.
- \ \ obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinions.
- \ \ evaluate the consistency of the combined management report with the consolidated financial statements, its conformity with German law, and the view of the Group's position it provides.
- \ \ perform audit procedures on the prospective information presented by the executive directors in the combined management report. On the basis of sufficient appropriate audit evidence we evaluate, in particular, the significant assumptions used by the executive directors as a basis for the prospective information,  and  evaluate  the  proper  derivation  of  the  prospective information from these assumptions. We do not express a separate audit opinion on the prospective information and on the assumptions used as a basis. There is a substantial  unavoidable  risk  that  future  events  will  differ  materially from the prospective information.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with the relevant independence requirements, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence,  and  where  applicable,  the  actions  taken  or  safeguards applied to eliminate independence threats.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements for the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in the auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter.

## OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

Report on the Audit of the Electronic Reproductions of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Combined Management Report Prepared for Publication Pursuant to Section 317 (3a) HGB

## Audit Opinion

We have performed an audit in accordance with section 317 (3a) HGB  to  obtain reasonable assurance whether the electronic  reproductions  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements and of the combined management report (hereinafter referred  to  as  'ESEF  documents')  prepared  for  publication, contained in the file, which has the SHA-256 value a41f590790abbf55e5dd17127cd81d0e1688dbb0fba1dfa308a6 6ed4fc23b571, meet, in all material respects, the requirements for the electronic reporting format pursuant to section 328 (1) HGB ('ESEF format'). In accordance with the German legal requirements, this audit only covers the conversion of the information contained in the consolidated financial statements and the combined management report into the ESEF format, and therefore  covers  neither  the  information  contained  in  these electronic reproductions nor any other information contained in the file identified above.

In our opinion, the electronic reproductions of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined management report prepared for publication contained in the file identified above meet,  in  all  material  respects,  the  requirements  for  the  electronic  reporting  format  pursuant  to  section  328  (1)  HGB.  Beyond this audit opinion and our audit opinions on the accompanying consolidated financial statements and on the accompanying combined management report for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2022 contained in the 'Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Combined Management Report' above, we do not express any assurance  opinion  on  the  information  contained  within  these electronic  reproductions  and  on  any  other  information  contained in the file identified above.

## Basis for the Audit Opinion

We conducted our audit of the electronic reproductions of the consolidated financial  statements  and  of  the  combined  management report contained in the file identified above in accordance with section 317 (3a) HGB and on the basis of the IDW Auditing Standard: Audit of the Electronic Reproductions of the Financial Statements and Management Reports Prepared for Publication Purposes Pursuant to section 317 (3a) HGB (IDW AuS 410 (06.2022)). Our responsibilities in this context are further described in the 'Group Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the ESEF Documents'. Our audit firm has applied the IDW Standard on Quality Management: Requirements for Quality Management in the Audit Firm (IDW QS 1).

## Responsibilities of the Executive Directors and the Supervisory Board for the ESEF Documents

The executive directors of the parent are responsible for the preparation of  the  ESEF  documents  based  on the  electronic files of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined  management  report  according  to  section  328  (1)  sentence 4 no. 1 HGB and for the tagging of the consolidated financial  statements  according  to  section  328  (1)  sentence  4 no. 2 HGB.

In addition, the executive directors of the parent are responsible for such internal controls that they have considered necessary to enable the preparation of ESEF documents that are free from material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements for the electronic reporting format pursuant to section 328 (1) HGB.

The supervisory board is responsible for overseeing the process for preparing the ESEF documents as part of the financial reporting process.

## Group Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the ESEF Documents

Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ESEF documents are free from material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of section 328 (1)  HGB.  We  exercise  professional  judgement  and  maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also

- \ \ identify and assess the risks of material intentional or unintentional  non-compliance  with  the  requirements  of  section 328 (1) HGB, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

<!-- image -->

- \ \ obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit on the ESEF documents in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an assurance opinion on the effectiveness of these controls.
- \ \ evaluate the technical validity of the ESEF documents, i.e. whether the file containing the ESEF documents meets the requirements of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 in the version in force at the balance sheet date, on the technical specification for this electronic file.
- \ \ evaluate whether the ESEF documents enable a XHTML reproduction  with  content  equivalent  to  the  audited  consolidated financial statements and to the audited combined management report.
- \ \ evaluate whether the tagging of the ESEF documents with Inline XBRL technology (iXBRL) in accordance with the requirements of Articles 4 and 6 of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815, in the version in force at the balance sheet date, enables  an  appropriate  and  complete  machine-readable XBRL copy of the XHTML reproduction.

## Further information pursuant to Article  10 of the EU Audit Regulation

We were elected as group auditor by the annual general meeting on 25 May 2022. We were engaged by the supervisory board on

Munich/Germany, 27 March 2023

Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft

KLAUS LÖFFLER German Public Auditor

- 14 December 2022. We have been the group auditor of Sixt SE, Pullach/Germany, without interruption since the financial year 2005.

We declare that the audit opinions expressed in this auditor's report are consistent with the additional report to the audit committee pursuant to article 11 of the EU Audit Regulation (longform audit report).

## OTHER MATTER - USE OF THE AUDITOR'S REPORT

Our auditor's report must always be read together with the audited  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  audited  combined management report as well as with the audited ESEF documents.  The  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  combined  management  report  converted  into  the  ESEF  format  including the versions to be submitted for inclusion in the Company Register - are merely electronic reproductions of the audited  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  audited  combined management report and do not take their place. In particular, the ESEF report and our audit opinion contained therein are to  be  used solely together  with the audited  ESEF documents made available in electronic form.

## GERMAN  PUBLIC  AUDITOR  RESPONSIBLE  FOR  THE ENGAGEMENT

The German Public Auditor responsible for the engagement is Klaus Löffler.

FLORIAN KORTE German Public Auditor

## D.3 \\  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF SIXT SE (HGB)

as at 31 December 2022

| Assets  in EUR thousand  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  A. Fixed assets  I. Intangible Assets  1. Paid concessions, industrial property rights and similar rights  49  148  II. Equipment  1. Other fixtures, operating and office equipment  3,925  1,076  2. Advance payments and assets under construction  -  1,089  III. Financial assets  1. Shares in affiliated companies  1,079,931  875,218  1,083,905  877,530  B. Current assets  I. Inventories  1. Raw materials, consumables and supplies  180  II. Receivables and other assets  1. Trade receivables  2,951  2,266  2. Receivables from affiliated companies  2,046,282  1,752,418  3. Receivables from other investees  31  12  4. Other assets  12,008  11,640  III. Cash and bank balances  9  191,545  2,061,462  1,957,882  C. Prepaid expenses  2,758  2,884  3,148,125  2,838,296  Equity and liabilities  in EUR thousand  31 Dec. 2022  31 Dec. 2021  A. Equity  I. Subscribed capital  (Conditional Capital: EUR 15,360 thousand; 2021: EUR 15,360 thousand)  120,175  120,175  II. Capital reserves  203,173  203,173  III. Retained earnings  Other retained earnings  113,538  113,538  IV. Unappropriated profit  390,475  453,818  Thereof retained profits brought forward EUR 279,796 thousand (2021: EUR 377,674 thousand)  827,362  890,704  B. Provisions  1. Provisions for taxes  24,033  21,507  2. Other provisions  40,265  22,597  64,298  44,105  C. Liabilities  1. Bonds  550,000  800,000  2. Liabilities to banks  1,339,731  748,500  3. Trade payables  16,058  3,885  4. Liabilities to affiliated companies  337,669  342,366  5. Other liabilities  13,006  8,736  2,256,465  1,903,486  3,148,125  2,838,296   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Off-balance sheet items

Liabilities from guarantees EUR 707,493 thousand (2021: EUR 552,655 thousand)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## D.4 \\  STATEMENT OF INCOME OF SIXT SE (HGB)

for the year ended 31 December 2022

| in EUR thousand  2022  2021  1. Revenue  108,947  95,496  2. Other operating income  351,539  151,773  3. Fleet expenses  2,386  6,203  4. Personnel expenses  a) Wages and salaries  114,951  87,736  b) Social security contributions  14,034  11,146  128,985  98,882  5. Amortisation of intangible assets and depreciation of equipment  1,129  1,119  6. Other operating expenses  389,454  141,147  7. Income from investments  190,879  95,416  8. Income from profit transfer agreements  7  5,446  9. Other interest and similar income  45,105  41,384  10. Depreciation of financial assets  -  18,630  11. Cost of loss absorption  325  17  12. Interest and similar expenses  35,922  30,555  13. Taxes on income  27,597  16,818  14. Result after taxes = Net income  110,679  76,144  15. Retained profits brought forward  279,796  377,674  16. Unappropriated profit  390,475  453,818   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## D.5 \\ REMUNERATION REPORT

## 1. FOREWORD BY THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

Dear Shareholders,

The Supervisory Board of Sixt SE ('the company') is pleased to present the Remuneration Report 2022 to you. The Remuneration  Report  provides  information  on  the  remuneration granted and owed to each individual current or former member of the Management Board and Supervisory Board of the company in financial year 2022. The Report complies with the requirements of Section 162 of the German Stock Corporation Act ('AktG') and the relevant accounting standards.

The Annual General Meeting of Sixt SE on 25 May 2022 approved the Remuneration Report prepared for financial year 2021 under agenda item 6 by a majority of 81.16% of the votes cast. While it received broad support, the approval rate was also  significantly  lower  than  the  approval  rate  for  the  other agenda items. This prompted the Supervisory Board to form a Remuneration Committee. As a first step, it considered the constructive  criticism  and  suggestions  for  improvement  received  from  our  shareholders  before,  during  and  after  the 2022 Annual General Meeting.

The  feedback  on  the  Remuneration  Report  2021  related mainly to the structure laid out in the company's remuneration system and to a lesser extent to the actual content of the report.  In  view  of  this,  among  other  aspects,  the  Supervisory Board decided to further develop and revise the current remuneration system. The Supervisory Board will therefore submit a revised, new remuneration system to the Annual General Meeting for approval in 2023. The new remuneration system takes the further increased expectations of the capital market with regard to the structure of remuneration systems into account. In addition, the Supervisory Board would also like to anchor the sustainability strategy (ESG strategy) of Sixt Group in  the  remuneration of the Management Board. The current sustainability strategy was approved in September 2022.

In addition, we have supplemented the Remuneration Report for  2022  with  further  information  compared  to  the  previous year in order to meet another request from our shareholders.

We would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders for their feedback and look forward to continuing the communication.

The Supervisory Board of Sixt SE

<!-- image -->

## 2. THE REMUNERATION SYSTEMS FOR THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND SUPERVISORY BOARD

The remuneration system for the members of the Management  Board  was  resolved  by  the  company's  Supervisory Board on 23 April 2021 and approved by the Annual General Meeting on 16 June 2021 by way of a resolution on agenda item 7 (Section 120a (1) AktG). The service contracts of all current Management Board members are in line with the approved remuneration system.

The  Supervisory  Board  members  were  remunerated  in  accordance with Section 113 (3) AktG by the Annual General Meeting of Sixt SE on 16 June 2021 on agenda item 8 and by the Annual General Meeting of Sixt SE on 25 May 2022 on agenda item 9. By resolution of 25 May 2022 under agenda item 9, the previous remuneration was adjusted by increasing the fixed remuneration and introducing additional remuneration to pay tribute to the increased workload of the members and the Chairman of the Audit Committee, as well as the increased requirements and increased time commitment of all Supervisory Board members in recent years. In all other respects, the remuneration structure for the members of the Supervisory Board remained unchanged.

Detailed information on the remuneration systems of the Management Board and Supervisory Board can be found on the company's  website  at ir.sixt.eu under  'Corporate  Governance/Resolutions on the remuneration system.'

Due to commercial rounding, some of the figures in this report might not add up exactly to the totals shown.

## 3. REMUNERATION OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD IN FINANCIAL YEAR 2022

The  company  pursues  the  goal  of  intensifying  the  growth course of Sixt Group, further advancing its focus on integrated and digitally based mobility services and expanding its positioning as a leading international provider of mobility services. In order to achieve these goals, the remuneration of the Management Board of Sixt SE is based on the following principles:

- \ \ Transparent  and  comprehensible  remuneration  based  on the economic success of the entire Group contributes to the Management Board's overall ability to take action strategically and to the sustainable growth of Sixt Group.
- \ \ The range of responsibilities and the performance of each Management Board member are key factors in determining his or her total remuneration.
- \ \ Multi-year assessment bases and caps for variable remuneration  components that take effect every financial  year promote long-term growth and avoid incentives to take disproportionate risks.
- \ \ One component of the variable performance-based remuneration elements is long-term share-based and thus aimed at having a strong share culture as well as an alignment of the interests of shareholders, management and other stakeholders.

2022 was another record year for SIXT, despite the uncertain general conditions. Group revenue increased by 34.3% from EUR 2.28 billion to EUR 3.07 billion. Consolidated earnings before taxes (EBT) reached a record level of EUR 550.2 million, an increase of 24.4% over the previous year (EUR 442.2 million).  We  have  thus  succeeded  in  continuing  our  growth course. The Supervisory Board would like to express its sincere thanks to the Management Board and all employees for this achievement.

The Supervisory Board reviews the appropriateness of the remuneration components at regular intervals to ensure a customary and competitive system. To assess the appropriateness  of  remuneration  of  the  members  of  the  Management Board, the Supervisory Board conducts both a horizontal and a vertical comparison. To assess the horizontal commonality, companies are considered that are comparable to the company with regard to relevant criteria, such as industry and size (measured in terms of revenue, profitability, employees and market capitalisation). The majority of the comparable companies  are  based  in  Germany.  Companies  domiciled  abroad may also be taken into account. Furthermore, the Supervisory Board compares the level of remuneration of the members of the Management Board in relation to the remuneration structure in the Sixt Group. As part of this vertical comparison, the Supervisory Board takes the remuneration structure and level of remuneration of the company's senior executives and managers  below  the  Management  Board  level,  as  well  as  the members of management of Sixt Group companies (in particular the national operating subsidiaries) and the workforce as a whole into account.

In the context of the expansion of the Management Board in 2022, the Supervisory Board focused on publicly listed German companies that are included in the SDAX, MDAX or DAX and are comparable to Sixt in terms of revenue, number of employees and market capitalisation. MDAX and SDAX companies were used for the most part. In connection with the determination of the maximum remuneration and the structure of the new remuneration system, the Supervisory Board used all companies listed  in  the  MDAX  as  a  guide.  The  companies listed in the MDAX are particularly well suited as a decisive comparison group in terms of size and country. The relative positioning  of  the  company  in  terms  of  revenue,  number  of employees and market capitalisation was also taken into account. In addition, individual companies in comparable industries with their registered offices abroad were also considered as an additional indicator in the development of the new remuneration system.

The following table shows the total remuneration granted and owed to the respective members of the Management Board in financial  year  2022  in  accordance  with  Section  162  (1)

Sentence 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG). The table thus contains all amounts that accrued to the individual members of  the  Management  Board  in  financial  year  2022 (granted remuneration) and all remuneration that is legally due but has not yet accrued (remuneration owed). The bonus for 2022 is considered granted remuneration, since the relevant performance was rendered by 31 December 2022 and the remuneration was thus earned in principle.

The bonus for 2022 is thus stated as part of the total remuneration, although the payment is only made after the end of the financial year in two tranches (see further explanations on the bonus below). This ensures that a connection is formed between the performance rendered and the remuneration in the reporting period and increases transparency. For reasons of clarity, the bonus for 2021 for current and former members of the Management Board that was paid in financial year 2022 is not reported again. Please refer to the Remuneration Report for 2021 for more information on this and the remaining figures for the previous year.

| Members of the Management Board  Alexander Sixt  Konstantin Sixt  Prof. Dr. Kai  Andrejewski  Nico Gabriel  Vinzenz Pflanz  James Adams  Co-Chairman of  the Board  Co-Chairman of  the Board  CFO  COO  CBO since  1 Oct. 2022  CCO since  1 Oct.2022  in EUR thousand  2022  2022  2022  2022  2022  2022  Basic remuneration  1,700  1,700  685  500  175  175  Fringe benefits  1  39  29  17  22  8  4  Total fixed remuneration components  1,739  1,729  702  522  183  179  Relative share of fixed remuneration components in % of the total  remuneration  40%  40%  33%  27%  46%  45%  Bonus for 2022 (payment to be distributed in 2023 and 2024)  2,600  2,600  1,425  1,425  216  216  Relative share of the bonus for 2022 in % of the total remuneration  60%  60%  67%  73%  54%  55%  Multi-year variable remuneration 2  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total remuneration  4,339  4,329  2,127  1,947  399  395   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 The fringe benefits included are shown in the section 'Non-performance-related remuneration.' Contributions to D&amp;O insurance are not included.
- 2 No payment from the Share Performance Programme resolved in financial year 2021 was made in 2022 because the four-year waiting period has not yet elapsed. The details of the Share Performance Programme, in particular the respective allocation amount for each member of the Management Board are presented below.  In total, Mr. Alexander Sixt, Mr. Konstantin Sixt, Prof. Dr Kai Andrejewski and Mr. Nico Gabriel received 27,051 virtual shares (allocation amount: EUR 3.2 million). Only if the member of the Management Board remains in office four years after the allotment will he or she receive a cash payment from the SPP, the amount of which depends on the development of the share price. No allocation or payment was made in  2022  from  long-term  remuneration  components  granted  to individual members  of the Management Board in  previous years (see  the general comments  on  the Matching Stock Programme 2012 for members of the Management Board and executives in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements).

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Non-performance-related remuneration

The basic remuneration shown here was paid out in twelve equal monthly instalments. The amount of the basic remuneration is based on the range of tasks, departmental responsibilities and experience of the respective Management Board member. The base salaries of the Co-Chairmen of the Management Board and the other members of the Management Board  already  serving  in  2021  have  remained  unchanged compared to 2021.

The fringe benefits granted include the provision of a maximum of two company cars for business and private use, the possibility to use a driver service, the use of a company mobile phone also for private purposes and - if the respective conditions are met - the granting of personal protection. Furthermore, the members of the Management Board receive subsidies for health insurance and nursing care insurance contributions (limited to half of the general and uniform contribution rate of the statutory health insurance fund). Furthermore, an accident insurance policy and a legal expense insurance policy exist for the benefit of the members of the Management Board.

Furthermore, the company maintains a financial loss liability Group insurance policy for members of the executive bodies and certain employees of Sixt Group. This insurance is taken out or renewed annually. The insurance covers the personal liability  risk  in  the  event  that  a  claim  is  made  against  these individuals for financial losses in the course of their work. The policy  for  financial  year  2022  includes  a  deductible  for  the members of the Management Board that complies with the requirements of the German Stock Corporation Act.

## Performance-related remuneration

In addition to their non-performance-related basic remuneration and contractual fringe benefits, the members of the Management Board also receive performance-related remuneration.  The  performance-related remuneration is comprised of two components, a bonus (STI) and a share-based Share Performance Programme (LTI).

## Bonus (STI)

The origin and amount of the bonus entitlement of the members of the Management Board for 2022 are dependent on the earnings from ordinary business activities before taxes (EBT) as a performance indicator reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the company for financial year 2022.

This remuneration component contributes to the sustainable earnings-oriented growth of Sixt Group and to strategic and operational management decisions oriented towards the success of the Group as a whole due to the clarity and transparency of its calculation and the fact that it is fundamentally earnings-related and oriented towards the Group as a whole. The degree  to  which  targets  have  been  achieved  can  be  seen transparently on the basis of the actual key figures determined each year and listed in the Consolidated Financial Statements of Sixt SE for the financial year in question.

For each financial year of the contractual term of a Management Board service agreement ('base year'), it is determined whether and, if so, in what amount an entitlement to a bonus has arisen. If the contract term begins or ends during the year, the bonus for the respective base year is granted pro rata temporis. The accrual of the bonus entitlement is dependent on EBT reaching a certain minimum target in the respective base year. If the agreed minimum target is not reached, the Management Board member concerned is not entitled to a bonus for  the  respective  base  year.  If  the  minimum  target  is  exceeded, the amount of the bonus claim is generally dependent on the extent to which the EBT value actually achieved in the respective base year exceeded the bonus-relevant minimum target. What minimum target exceedance leads to what bonus amount is stipulated in the respective Management Board employment contracts for their entire term. The respective Management Board member receives an individually determined payment amount for each full million euros of EBT above the agreed minimum target. If EBT exceeds a certain additional level (EBT additional threshold), the payment value agreed for each full million euros of EBT increases. The amount of the bonus entitlement is limited in absolute terms to a fixed maximum amount (cap) per base year.

The EBT minimum target, the EBT additional threshold and the achievable maximum amount (cap) were agreed individually for each of the members of the Management Board and can  be  taken  from  the  following  table.  The  overview  also shows the EBT relevant for the calculation. In 2022, the best financial year in the company's history to date, this EBT figure amounted to EUR 550 million, therefore the respective agreed EBT minimum values, the EBT additional threshold and, in the case of the Co-Chairmen of the Management Board, Mr. Alexander and Mr. Konstantin Sixt, the maximum amount were all achieved.

| Members of the Management Board  Alexander Sixt  Konstantin Sixt  Prof. Dr. Kai  Andrejewski  Nico Gabriel  Vinzenz Pflanz  James Adams  Co-Chairman of  the Board  Co-Chairman of  the Board  CFO  COO  CBO since  1 Oct. 2022  CCO since  1 Oct.2022  2022  2021 1  2022  2021 1  2022  2021 1  2022  2021 1  2022  2021 1  2022  2021 1  EBT minimum (in EUR million)  100  100  100  100  200  200  200  200  200  n/a  200  n/a  EBT additional threshold (in EUR million)  400  400  400  400  300  300  300  300  300  n/a  300  n/a  EBT reported by Sixt Group (in EUR million)  550  442  550  442  550  442  550  442  550  442  550  442  Maximum amount for the bonus per year (cap) (in EUR thousand)  2.600  2.600  2.600  2.600  2.000  2.000  2.000  2.000  2.000  n/a  2.000  n/a  Total bonus (payment distributed over two years)  2.600  1.890  2.600  1.890  1.425  547  1.425  895  216  n/a  216  n/a   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 In addition to the 24.4% increase in EBT, the different totals result from the fact that Mr. Nico Gabriel and Prof. Dr. Kai Andrejewski took up their positions during the year and that Mr. Alexander and Mr. Konstantin Sixt have only held the position of Co-Chairmen of the Management Board since 17 June 2021.

In accordance with the requirements of the remuneration system,  the  bonus  entitlement  for  2022  is  divided  into  two tranches. The first tranche, amounting to 49.9% of the bonus entitlement, is due for payment at the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting. The second tranche, amounting to 50.1% of the  bonus  entitlement,  is  dependent  on  EBT  being  greater than EUR 0 in the financial year following the base year. If this is achieved, the respective second tranche of the bonus entitlement becomes due at the end of the Annual General Meeting that resolves on the appropriation of profits for the financial year following the base year. If this is not achieved, the entitlement to the second tranche lapses without compensation.

Thus, the bonus entitlement for the base year is reduced to 49.9% of the original, i.e., initially accrued, bonus entitlement.

For  transparency  reasons,  the  entire  bonus  figure  was  reported as part of total remuneration for 2022.

Thus, the following amounts from the bonus for financial year 2022 will be due for payment in financial years 2023 and 2024, whereby the payment in the year 2024 for the current members of the Management Board depends on the achievement of the EBT minimum target applicable for financial year 2023:

| Bonus for 2022 after the due date  Alexander Sixt  Konstantin Sixt  Prof. Dr. Kai  Andrejewski  Nico Gabriel  Vinzenz Pflanz  James Adams  in EUR thousand  2023  1,297  1,297  711  711  108  108  2024  1,303  1,303  714  714  108  108  Total  2,600  2,600  1,425  1,425  216  216   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Share-based Virtual Share Performance Programme

In financial year 2022, the Group had an employee participation programme (Matching Stock Programme - MSP) that was initiated in 2012 (MSP 2012) and has since been terminated. No new tranches of share options were allotted to members of the Management Board and employees and no preference shares were issued in financial year 2022, as the payment requirements were not met.

The current members of the Management Board are participants in the Share Performance Programme (SPP) that was introduced in 2021. The SPP has a long-term orientation and is  share-based.  The  achievement  of  a  certain  EBT  as  a performance indicator is authoritative. The number of virtual ordinary shares allocated currently results from a certain fraction of the EBT of the last completed financial year, but not exceeding  an  agreed  cap,  divided  by  the  weighted  closing price of the ordinary share in Xetra trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange during the last ten trading days before the date of allotment of the virtual shares. The allocation date is 1 June of each calendar year or, if this is a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday, the following working day.

Only if the member of the Management Board remains in office four years after the allotment will he receive a cash payment from the SPP. Payment for the allocation made in 2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

will therefore be made in 2026 if the respective member of the Management Board is still in office. The amount of the cash payment is equal to the product of the number of virtual ordinary shares allotted for the relevant tranche and the weighted closing price of the ordinary shares for a specified period prior to the date of payment, subject to a maximum of an agreed payout cap. In the event of extraordinary upward or downward developments  (such  as  significant  changes  in  ac-counting regulations),  the  Supervisory  Board  may,  at  its  rea-sonable discretion, change the formula for calculating the allotment of virtual shares. A recommendation of the German Corporate Governance Code is thus also implemented.

The  share-based  long-term  performance-related  remuneration component also has a high degree of calculation clarity and transparency. As it is linked to the long-term development of the share price, it reflects the interests of the shareholders on the one hand and is intended to ensure a sustainable company strategy on the other.

On 1  June  2022,  the  members  appointed  to  the  Executive Board at that time were allocated virtual ordinary shares in accordance with the table below. The table also shows the minimum EBT, the maximum grant amount (cap) and the payout cap (in the case of a payout after four years). Mr. Pflanz and Mr. Adams were not yet members of the Executive Board at the time of the allocation. Both were participants in the SPP set up for employees as executives in 2022 and were allocated virtual shares in this capacity.

| Members of the Management Board  Alexander Sixt  Konstantin Sixt  Prof. Dr. Kai  Andrejewski  Nico Gabriel  Co-Chairman of the  Management Board  Co-Chairman of the  Management Board  CFO  COO  in EUR thousand  2022  2022  2022  2022  EBT minimum amount (in EUR million)  100  100  100  100  Maximum allotment amount (CAP) (in EUR thousand)  1,500  1,500  500  800  Payout cap  1,500  1,500  500  800  Allocated amount (1 June 2022) (in EUR thousand)  1,105  1,105  332  663  Share price at the time of allocation in EUR  1  118,50  118,50  118,50  118,50  Number of virtual shares allocated  9,328  9,328  2,798  5,597   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 The allocation price is determined from the volume-weighted average price of the Sixt SE ordinary share in Xetra trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange during the last ten trading days prior to the respective allocation date.

## Total remuneration and maximum remuneration

The total remuneration of the members of the company's Management Board for financial year 2022 amounted to a total of EUR 13.5 million. As part of the remuneration system, maximum remuneration for the entire Management Board was set at EUR 23 million. In order to compare the maximum remuneration with the total remuneration, the remuneration system requires that any inflows from share-based remuneration components be allocated to the financial year in which the tranche was allocated. As stated above, Mr. Alexander Sixt, Mr. Konstantin Sixt, Prof. Dr. Kai Andrejewski and Mr. Nico Gabriel received 27,051 virtual shares in 2022. Since a payment from this tranche will not be made until 2026, the actual payout from the LTI cannot be determined yet. However, due to the agreed payment caps for the LTI (see table above), it is already clear that the maximum remuneration will be complied with. The result  of  the  final  review  of  compliance  with  the  maximum remuneration for financial year 2022 will be reported in the Remuneration Report for financial year 2026.

## Clawback of variable remuneration components / third party benefits / miscellaneous

No variable remuneration components were reclaimed from members of the Management Board in financial year 2022. No member of the Management Board was promised benefits by a third party with regard to his or her activity as a member of the Management Board or was granted such in the financial year. No loans were granted or promised by the company to any member of the Management Board.

There are no pension entitlements of current or former members of the Management Board.

## Benefits in connection with the departure of members of the Management Board

No members of the Management Board stepped down from the board in financial year 2022.

## 4. REMUNERATION OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD IN FINANCIAL YEAR 2022

The remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Board is,  in  accordance  with  the  predominant  market  practice  at listed companies in Germany, structured as purely fixed remuneration without any variable components. The Management Board and Supervisory Board are of the opinion that purely fixed remuneration of the Supervisory Board members is best suited  to  strengthen  the  independence  of  the  Supervisory Board and to take its advisory and supervisory function into account,  which  is  to  be  fulfilled  independently  of  the  company's success.

Based on the resolution adopted by the Annual General Meeting of Sixt SE on 25 May 2022 under agenda item 9, the members of the Supervisory Board are to receive fixed remuneration of EUR 75,000 for each full financial year of membership of the Supervisory Board. The Chairman receives twice this amount (EUR 150,000). For membership in the Audit Committee, the relevant members of the Supervisory Board receive fixed remuneration of EUR 20,000 for each full financial year of their membership in the Audit Committee, in addition to the remuneration  in  accordance  with  the  above  rates;  for  the Chairman of the Audit Committee, this additional remuneration amounts to EUR 25,000. For financial year 2022, this shall apply pro rata temporis from the beginning of 26 May 2022. The previous regulation applies up to and including 25 May

2022, - pro rata temporis - according to which members of the Supervisory Board receive fixed remuneration of EUR 50,000 for each full financial year of their membership of the Supervisory Board and the Chairman receives twice this amount (EUR 100,000). Remuneration for membership of the Audit Committee was not provided for until 25 May 2022.

If the office is not occupied for a full financial year, the remuneration specified above is to be granted pro rata temporis according to the duration of the membership in the Supervisory Board.  The  remuneration  is  due  for  payment  at  the  end  of each financial year. The company also provides the Chairman of the Supervisory Board with a luxury class company car that may also be used privately. Furthermore, a pecuniary damage liability insurance policy (D&amp;O) exists for the members of the Supervisory Board. No deductible has been agreed.

Based on the remuneration system presented here, the total remuneration  granted  and  owed  to  the  former  and  active members of the Supervisory Board in financial year 2022 is shown in the table below. The table thus includes all amounts actually received by the individual members of the Supervisory Board in financial year 2022 (granted remuneration) and all remuneration legally due but not yet received (remuneration owed). The fixed remuneration for 2022 is regarded as remuneration granted, as the relevant service was rendered by 31 December 2022 and the remuneration was thus earned in principle. The actual payment was made at the beginning of financial year 2023. The fixed remuneration for financial year 2021 was paid at the beginning of financial year 2022. This has already been reported on in the 2021 Remuneration Report to which reference is made here.

| Members of the Supervisory Board  in EUR thousand  Fixed remuneration  in 2022  Remuneration for  work on the Audit  Committee in 2022  Fringe benefits  in 2022  Total remuneration  in 2022  Erich Sixt (Chairman of the Supervisory Board)  130  -  43 1  173  Dr. Daniel Terberger 2  65  12  -  77  Anna Magdalena Kamenetzky-Wetzel  (member of the Supervisory Board since 2 June 2022)  2  44  6  -  50  Dr. Julian zu Putlitz (Chairman of the Audit Committee)  2  65  15  -  80   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 The Chairman of the Supervisory Board receives a company car that is also for private use.

2 Dr. Julian zu Putlitz, Dr. Daniel Terberger and Mrs. Anna Magdalena Kamenetzky-Wetzel are members of the Audit Committee. Dr. Julian zu Putlitz is its Chairman. Mrs. Anna Magdalena Kamenetzky has been a member of the Audit Committee since 13 September 2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 5. COMPARATIVE PRESENTATION OF MANAGEMENT BOARD AND SUPERVISORY BOARD REMUNERATION

Pursuant to Section 162 (1) sentence 2 no. 2 AktG, the following table shows the development of Sixt's earnings, the annual change in the remuneration of the members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board, and the development of the average remuneration of the employees on a full-time equivalent basis. The presentation makes use of the transitional provision of Section 26j (2) of the Introductory Act to the German Stock Corporation Act and is based on a comparison of financial year 2020 with financial year 2021 for the first time. For the members of the Management Board and the Supervisory  Board,  the  comparison  is  based  on  the  remuneration granted and owed in the respective financial year within the meaning of  Section 162 (1) sentence 1  AktG. If a member joined  the  Management Board or Supervisory Board during the previous year, the figures are extrapolated to a full year for better comparability. The change in the Management Board members compared to 2021 shown is due in particular to the increase in variable remuneration as a result of the very good business development in financial year 2022. In the case of Mr. Alexander and Mr. Konstantin Sixt, it should also be taken into account that they were not appointed Co-Chairmen of the Management  Board  until  2021.  For  the  Supervisory  Board members, there is an increase in remuneration due to the resolution adopted by the Annual General Meeting of Sixt SE on 25 May 2022 under agenda item 9. As a result of this resolution, the previous remuneration has been adjusted by increasing the fixed remuneration and introducing additional remuneration to pay tribute to the higher workload for the members and the Chairman of the Audit Committee, as well as the increased requirements and the increased time commitment of all members of the Supervisory Board in recent years.

The workforce of Sixt SE and the companies affiliated with Sixt SE that have their registered office in Germany is taken as a basis for presenting the change in the average remuneration of the employees. Payments for wages and salaries, as well as  fringe  benefits,  employer  contributions  to  social  security and the short-term variable remuneration components attributable to the respective financial year were taken into account.

<!-- image -->

-

| Comparison of Management Board and Supervisory Board remuneration with regard to the total remuneration  Change in %  Change in %  from 2020 to 2021 1  from 2021 to 2022  Current members of the Management Board  Alexander Sixt  294%  31%  Konstantin Sixt  294%  31%  Prof. Dr. Kai Andrejewski  -  32%  Nico Gabriel  -  40%  Vinzenz Pflanz (since 1 October 2022)  -  -  James Adams (since 1 October 2022)  -  -  Former members of the Management Board  Daniel Marasch (CVTO until 31 December 2021)  -  -  Erich Sixt (CEO until 16 June 2021)  391%  Jörg Bremer (CFO until 30 June 2021)  96%  -  Detlev Pätsch (COO until 31 March 2021)  26%  -  Current members of the Supervisory Board  Erich Sixt  -  30%  Dr. Julian zu Putlitz  -  60%  Dr. Daniel Terberger  0%  54%  Anna Magdalena Kamenetzky-Wetzel (Member of the Supervisory Board since 2 June 2022)  -  -  Former members of the Supervisory Board  Friedrich Joussen (Chairman of the Supervisory Board until 16 June 2021)  0%  -  Ralf Teckentrup (Member of the Supervisory Board until 16 June 2021)  0%  -  Earnings development of the company  Net income of Sixt SE pursuant to Sections 275 (3) No. 16 HGB  -29% 2  47%  Result from ordinary activities of Sixt Group (EBT) according to IFRS  n/a %  3  24%  Result of Sixt Group according to IFRS  15,828% 4  24%  ## Average remuneration of employees 5  11%  (in 2021: EUR  73,332)  12%  (in 2022: EUR  81,768)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 The change from 2020 to 2021 is due in particular to the effects of the coronavirus pandemic on financial year 2020, the waiver of bonus and salary payments in financial year 2020, and the changes in responsibilities on the Management Board.
- 2 Net profit for the year 2020 based on statuary accounts included a one-off effect from the sale of Sixt Leasing in the amount of EUR 129,430 thousand
- 3 The Group's EBT according to IFRS was negative (EUR -81,546 thousand) in 2020 due to the effects of the coronavirus pandemic and amounted to EUR 442,169 thousand in 2021. Because of the negative result in 2020, it makes no sense to report the change as a percentage.
- 4 The result of Sixt Group according to IFRS was EUR 1,966 thousand in 2020 and EUR 313,150 thousand in 2021.
- 5 The average remuneration of employees is based on the workforce of Sixt SE and the companies affiliated with Sixt SE that are based in Germany. Consideration was given to payments for wages and salaries as well as fringe benefits, employer contributions to social security as well as the short-term variable remuneration components attributable to the respective financial year.

Pullach, 28 March 2023

## The Management Board

The Supervisory Board

<!-- image -->

## D.6 \\  REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR ON THE AUDIT OF THE REMUNERATION REPORT IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION  162 (3) AKTG

To Sixt SE, Pullach/Germany

## Audit Opinion

We  conducted  a  formal  audit  of  the  remuneration  report  of Sixt SE, Pullach/Germany, for the financial year from 1 January to  31  December 2022, to assess whether the disclosures required under Section 162 (1) and (2) German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) have been made in the remuneration report. In accordance with Section 162 (3) AktG, we have not audited the content of the remuneration report.

In our opinion, the disclosures required under Section 162 (1) and (2) AktG have been made, in all material respects, in the accompanying remuneration report. Our audit opinion does not cover the content of the remuneration report.

## Basis for the Audit Opinion

We conducted our audit of the remuneration report in accordance with Section 162 (3) AktG and in compliance with the IDW Auditing Standard: Audit of the Remuneration Report pursuant to Section 162 (3) AktG (IDW AuS 870 (08.2021)). Our responsibilities under those requirements and this standard are further described in the 'Auditor's Responsibilities' section of our auditor's report. Our audit firm has applied the requirements of the IDW Quality Assurance Standard: Quality Assurance Requirements in Audit Practices (IDW QS 1). We have fulfilled our professional responsibilities in accordance with the German Public Auditor  Act  (WPO)  and  the  Professional  Charter  for  German

Munich/Germany, 28 March 2023

## Deloitte GmbH

Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft

KLAUS LÖFFLER German Public Auditor

Public Auditors and German Sworn Auditors (BS WP/vBP) including the requirements on independence.

## Responsibilities of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board

The executive board and the supervisory board are responsible for the preparation of the remuneration report, including the related disclosures, that complies with the requirements of Section 162 AktG. In addition, they are responsible for such internal control as they consider necessary to enable the preparation of a remuneration report, including the related disclosures, that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

## Auditor's Responsibilities

Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the  disclosures  required  under  Section 162  (1)  and  (2)  AktG have been made, in all material respects, in the remuneration report, and to express an opinion on this in a report.

We planned and conducted our audit in such a way to be able to determine whether the remuneration report is formally complete by comparing the disclosures made in the remuneration report with the disclosures required under Section 162 (1) and (2) AktG. In accordance with Section 162 (3) AktG, we have neither audited the correctness of the content of the disclosures, nor the completeness of the content of the individual disclosures, nor the adequate presentation of the remuneration report.

FLORIAN KORTE German Public Auditor

## D.7 \\  FINANCIAL CALENDAR

| Financial calendar of Sixt  SE  Annual press conference for financial year 2022  2 March 2023  Publication of Annual Report 2022  30 March 2023  Analyst conference in Frankfurt am Main  18 April 2023  Publication of quarterly statement as at 31 March 2023  11 May 2023  Annual General Meeting for financial year 2022 (Virtual Annual General Meeting)  23 May 2023  Publication of the half-year financial report as at 30 June 2023  8 August 2023  Publication of quarterly statement as at 30 September 2023  8 November 2023   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Dates and event locations subject to change

Production Inhouse with firesys

## Concept, project management, text

GFD - Gesellschaft für Finanzkommunikation mbH, Frankfurt am Main, Germany

## Design

Ligaturas GmbH - Reportdesign, Hamburg, Germany

## Sixt SE

Zugspitzstraße 1 82049 Pullach Germany

Phone +49 (0) 89/7 44 44-0 Fax +49 (0) 89/7 44 44-8 6666

## Contact Investor Relations

Phone +49 (0) 89/7 44 44-5104 Fax +49 (0) 89/7 44 44-8 5104 investorrelations@sixt.com http://ir.sixt.eu http://about.sixt.com/en/

Reservations +49 (0) 89/66 060 060

<!-- image -->