## Craftsman Automation Limited Annual Report 2021-22 Annual Report - 2022

<!-- image -->

No Limits

ENGINEERING ADVANTAGE

## Contents

## 01 STRATEGIC OVERVIEW

| 01  No Limits  10  About Craftsman  - 14 Key Performance Indicator  - 16 From The Chairman's Desk Business Segments  - 18 Automotive Powertrain  - 24 Automotive Aluminium  - 28 Industrial and Engineering  - 32 Strategic Direction  - 34 Risk Management  - 36 Board of Directors 37  Page  01   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 02 STATUTORY SECTION

Page

- 38 Corporate Information

38

116

- 40 Directors' Report
- 52 Management Discussion and Analysis
- 58 Corporate Governance Report
- 90 Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report

## 03 FINANCIAL SECTION

118 Standalone Financial Statements

- 185 Consolidated Financial Statements

Page

118 247

<!-- image -->

## For Craftsman, the opportunity basket has only begun to unfold.

Revenue growth over FY21

<!-- image -->

EBIT growth over FY21

<!-- image -->

Our penchant for strengthening our relevance in this dynamic ecosystem has positioned us in the right place at the right time to capitalise on the limitless opportunities arising out of changing trends.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

EBITDA growth over FY21

<!-- image -->

Net Profit growth over FY21

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

In a sweet spot

## to go beyond perceived limits

After a lull of about three years, the fortunes of MHCV segment are poised for a turnaround driven by an uptick in economic growth, a pick-up in the private capex cycle, higher freight demand, and investment in manufacturing capacities consequent to numerous PLI schemes.

Industry experts estimate a sustained growth in volumes between FY21 and FY25 at a

28% CAGR. Moreover, the peak of FY25 is expected to surpass the peak volumes attained in FY19.

Along with an increase in volumes, sector specialists also suggest that there would be an increase in content owing to the following realities

-  In an upcycle, tonnage growth usually outpaces volume growth

Being a leading player in manufacturing and machining critical engine and transmission components, primarily for MHCVs, we are in a sweet spot to capitalise on emerging opportunities.

MHCV space: In this segment, in the last two years we won orders from a global OEM operating in India, for machining of engine components to be exported primarily to Brazil, Japan and Germany. Initially, the order was for components for this customer's heavyduty engines, recently we also received the order for components for medium-duty engines. As such, volumes are expected to ramp up.

We are also working with multiple Tier 1 companies who supply casting components to global CV OEMs and other Tier 1 suppliers - this business is expected to scale-up owing to the focus of global companies to increase component sourcing from India.

Even as the MHCV space presents interesting prospects, as a prudent diversifi  cation, we have widened our presence across the automotive sector.

## Passenger vehicles segment:

We won orders to supply fully machined cylinder blocks and heads for a leading domestic OEM for its new SUV models

-  BS6 and changes in axle load norms have also led to increase in content which is yet to refl  ect fully due to muted volumes.
-  Large MHCV OEMs, despite having in-house capacities, will need to outsource to meet the growing demand as vehicle offtake increase.

which are high in demand. We also secured orders for supplying machined engine components for a European PV OEM in India (  earlier manufactured and machined in Europe  ).

Tractor segment: We bagged orders from a leading domestic OEM for machining engine and transmission components for tractors. We will set-up a plant in Nagpur for this order over the next 2 years.

Off-highway space: We received an order for machining an engine block for a global OEM engaged in manufacturing offhighway equipment in India.

As we commence commercialising these opportunities

- 1) Business growth will become more secular Earlier it was primarily dependent on the MHCV segment.
2. 2 )   We will strengthen our presence with customers in other segments of the automotive sector It should help us sustain our growth over the medium-term.

## Perfectly positioned for unlimited growth

Aluminium is gaining credence in the automotive space.

Over the medium to long-term, aluminium content in vehicles is expected to increase owing to the light-weighting trend driven by increasingly stringent emission and fuel effi  ciency norms, premiumisation and addition of new features. These factors add to the vehicle weight and necessitate reduction in other areas. Moreover, the rising penetration of electric vehicles is driving an increasing use of aluminium because OEMs need to compensate for higher battery size and weights in order to extract maximum range.

Passenger vehicles: India's average aluminium content in a passenger vehicle (PV) is only 50-60 kg vs. 140-210 kg in other large and developed geographies. The yawning gap suggests a signifi  cant scope for increasing the aluminium content in Indian PVs going forward.

<!-- image -->

## Commercial Vehicles: There

is considerable scope for increasing aluminium content in Commercial Vehicles (CV). The average aluminium content in trucks made in a developing economy was estimated at 120130 kg per vehicle with major usage in transmission housings, fuel tanks, gas tanks and heat exchangers. This trend is expected to be replicated in India soon. Going forward, aluminium usage in Indian CVs is also expected to increase materially in body parts, structural parts and trailers.

Electric vehicles: Additionally, rising Electric Vehicle (EV) penetration will provide a further fi  llip to aluminium as its usage in EVs is signifi  cantly higher than ICE vehicles - 300-320 kg vs.140-210 kg in regions like Europe and North America. For India, the 2-Wheeler market is likely to see a quicker transition towards to the EV platform. Aluminium content in ICE 2Ws the same (in the range of 15-20 in favour of aluminium going and electric scooters is currently kg/vehicle). But this could change forward.

Leveraging the die-casting capabilities (foundry + machining) of our industrial business and our experience of dealing with OEMs operating in India, we entered the automotive aluminium die-casting business in 2016. In less than six years, we have made considerable inroads in all segments of the automotive sector.

In the 2-wheeler segment, we are working with a leading OEM and enjoy a commendable share of business with them.

In the Commercial Vehicle space, a global OEM operating in India, has transitioned its gearbox and fl  ywheel housings from cast iron to aluminium. We received the order to supply gearbox housings. While supplies commenced in FY21 end, the ramp-up in volumes will progressively happen over coming years. We are also working with a domestic CV OEM on a similar project to transition cast iron housings to aluminium variants. More recently, we won orders from domestic CV OEMs (small to start with) for light-weighting its vehicles. Hopefully, they should transition into large volume despatches.

In the passenger vehicle segment, we received orders from a gearbox and engine manufacturing major to supply gearbox housings, oil pan and cam carriers. We will initiate supplies (small volumes) in the current fi  scal. We will also manufacture aluminium castings for cylinder blocks for a domestic PV OEMs for its SUV models.

In the electric vehicle space, we bagged orders from two 2W EV OEMs to supply die-casting parts.

As these orders transition into commercial volumes, important things will transpire.

- 1) Our revenue growth will be healthier.

While this business has registered a topline growth of 17% CAGR between FY18 and FY22, this number is expected to improve over the coming years.

- 2) Our dependence on the 2-wheeler segment will even out .

Currently majority of our business accrues from the 2-wheeler space. Having added clients in all verticals, we will now have a diversifi  ed customer base and a more balanced sectoral exposure.

- 3) Our profi  tability could improve.

An increase in asset utilisation coupled with a better share of business from the CV and PV segment (complex parts) is expected to improve profi  tability.

With the right skill and speed,

## our growth appears limitless

Warehousing has come of age.

From dusty godowns that were an insignifi  cant part of the commercial real estate, to today's sparkling and swanky warehouses that play a pivotal role in India's logistics sector.

While the pandemic left a debilitating mark on our world, it did a world of good to the warehousing sector, enhancing its relevance in an increasingly digital world.

As a result, two trends have emerged. 1) e-commerce has penetrated to the lesser-known Indian towns, creating demand for warehouses across India. Earlier warehouses were largely found around the periphery of metros and urban cities. 2) Warehousing requirement have moved beyond e-commerce, to other nimblefooted, fast growing business spaces such as pharmaceuticals, textiles, auto components, to name a few.

According to Knight Frank Research, Indian e-commerce

<!-- image -->

is to occupy most warehousing spaces in the next 5 years from FY 2022 - 2026 at 9.1 mn sq.m. (98 mn sq.ft.), 165% more than the preceding period of FY 2017 - 2021 while annual warehousing transactions will grow at a 19% CAGR to 7 .08 mn sq m (76.2 mn sq ft) in FY 2026 from 2.95 mn sq m (31.7 mn sq ft) in FY 2021.

Moreover, as space shortage kicks in, entrepreneurs will increasingly consider compact solutions that enhance Returns on their Investment.

Credible sources suggest that the Automated Storage and Retrieval System (ASRS) globally valued at US$7 ,351 million in 2019, is expected to reach US$12,928 million by 2027 - at a 7 .2% CAGR between 2020 and 2027 . The Indian market is expected to outperform the global market - it is currently moving northward at a 12% CAGR.

Despite a late entrant to this storage solution space, Craftsman has moved with speed to emerge as one among the top three storage solutions company in the country. We occupy the leading position in India's automated storage solution space.

We have delivered small and large complete solutions for conventional/automated storage and products like pallets, racking, shelving, vertical storage solutions, automated storage solutions etc. to several sectors such as FMCG, e-commerce, logistics, auto, textile,

pharmaceutical and electronics.

Our ability in delivering quality products with speed (owing to inhouse design and manufacturing) has allowed us to earn the confi  dence of leading e-commerce and FMCG players. As a result, our storage solutions business has ramped up from C 8 Crores in FY18 to C 253 Crores in FY22.

And we believe it has only scratched the surface. Because warehouses are mushrooming across the Indian landmass. Moreover, storage solutions have become an important part of every shopfl  oor.

We remain focused on capitalising on the new demand that is mushrooming from various sectors such as pharmaceuticals, auto components, electronics, capital goods and cold storage, among others.

That will bring about an important change in the Company's architecture

- 1) It will broad base the Company's fortunes outside the automotive segment Currently, a large proportion of the Company's business is dependent on the automotive segment.
- 2) It will transition the Company from products to knowledge-based solutions This holds the promise to improve the Company's profi  tability a few notches higher.
- 3) Storage solutions will emerge as the key growth driver for the Company. Until a couple of years ago, it was considered only as a fl  anking vertical .

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Key Performance Indicators

Performance

<!-- image -->

Profitability

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Position

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

'The India opportunity in the engineering space has only just started to play out. India's manufacturing is likely set for longterm growth and to gain a major share of global manufacturing output. '

## Dear Shareholders,

It gives me great pleasure to address you through this communique as the team demonstrated, yet again, that we have the capability, grit and determination to respond to harsh challenges that surface on the horizon.

Despite a rather volatile start to fi  scal 2021-22 owing to the lethal second wave of the pandemic, our team performed exceedingly well to report very satisfying results. Our revenue increased by 43% as did our EBITDA by 20% and our Net Profi  t by 66%. What was very heartening is that in the fi  rst nine months of the fi  scal, we surpassed our topline and bottomline numbers for FY 2020-21.

All three vertical made meaningful contributions to the organisation's growth. We endorsed business engagement contracts with existing and new customers which hold the potential to sustain business growth in the current year. Our storage solution vertical, the most recent addition to our business portfolio, reported a commendable performance as the team made considerable inroads in existing user sectors in addition to establishing a foothold in new user sectors - widening our opportunity canvas.

## Looking ahead

Going forward, I remain hopeful for the engineering sector. For I believe that the India opportunity in the engineering space has only just started to play out.

India's manufacturing is likely set for long-term growth and to gain a major share of global manufacturing output aided by (1) infrastructure improvements which are helping drive down macro costs and improve reliability, and (2) a supportive global environment - the Western world is looking to broad base supply sources away from China and (3) India's increasing focus on import substitution.

The positive sentiment combined with low cost of capital is likely to lead to increasing prospects for private sector capex initiatives over the next few years. Some interesting trends are transpiring which lend credibility to India's manufacturing narrative 1) Western engineering companies that supply machines to India are now localising in India 2) Western companies are increasing their sourcing volumes for global operations from India - this is visible in auto components, castings, forgings, gear boxes, among others 3) Indian capital goods manufacturers are benefi  tting from the resulting expansion in capacity by foreign and Indian manufacturers of goods in India.

There is evidence of these trends translating into on-ground realities. Credible sources have noted that the Capex by the Centre and more than 25 states has crossed the pre-Covid levels and is likely to remain robust over the next 18-24 months. These are good indicators for the engineering sector which is the backbone of the Indian economy. And for Craftsman.

## What differentiates Craftsman?

We have a unique operating model which we refer to as a 'Company-withinCompany' model. This is our unique way of running all verticals as independent profi  tmaking enterprises, even while sharing common philosophies, best-practices and facilities.  This allows every division to help the other to be more competitive and productive.

The most potent advantage of this model rests in its speed of response. In today's dynamic ecosystem, fortunes and promises of a sector can change almost overnight. Our unique operating model gives us fl  exibility to change from a low-performing sector to a highperforming sector in no time. This prevents sharp declines in our performance owing to specifi  c sectoral troughs.

Going forward, we will utilize this operating leverage and inherent strength to sustain our performance over the mediumterm.

## ESG taking centre stage

Climate change and environment management has become the talking point at all forums across the world. This consciousness has mandated that enterprises which are high consumers of fi  nite natural resources need to run their operations responsibly.

ESG is now emerging as an important fi  lter in appraising enterprises for an investment. Moreover, it is not simply compliant with the statutory norms, it will require concerted effort to move higher periodically in bettering the ESG Score. India's engineering companies will need to take cognizance of this reality with speed to capitalise on global opportunities.

At Craftsman, while we more than comply with all statutory requirements set by the regulatory authorities, we are setting our foot on our ESG journey with the objective of running our business successfully and responsibly.

## Acknowledgement

As we place our feet fi  rmly on new journeys to capitalise on exciting opportunities and make our business sustainable, I take the opportunities to thank my colleagues on the Board for their invaluable guidance in progressing the Company on the right path. I thank the entire team for their persistent perseverance in delivering upto customer expectations. I also take the opportunity to thank all our stakeholders for their unstinted support in our journey and multiple endeavours.

## Srinivasan Ravi

Chairman &amp; Managing Director

Business Segment 1

<!-- image -->

## Automotive Powertrain segment

housing, differential carrier and axle housing. The cylinder block and cylinder heads are relatively high margin products for Craftsman vis-à-vis transmission products. This is owing to the complexity involved in machining these products.

Given its strong technical and execution capabilities and its strategically located units (proximate to its customers' manufacturing facilities) the

Company has garnered a decent share of business with its key customers and added new customers as well.

Craftsman is a leading player for machining of critical engine and transmission components, primarily for MHCVs (#1 position), tractors (among top 3-4 outsourced players) and offhighway segments.

Under this segment, the Company machines automotive powertrain parts like Engine crankcases, cylinder heads, camshafts, transmission

<!-- image -->

Operating Units

%

Share of overall revenue

## Value proposition to customers

## Competitive skillset

Process expertise: Craftsman's core skillset lies in identifying the machines needed (both general purpose machines and special purpose machines) and designing the optimum process for machining of critical components and executing the same at scale.

All line managers and shop fl  oor managers have been groomed in-house over many years and play an important role in driving process innovations.

Passion for value-addition has enabled the Company to progress from providing mere machining services to becoming a solution provider and working in collaboration with the OEMs to develop manufacturing processes.

Engineering capability: Craftsman's ability to manufacture special purpose machines in-house allows for design fl  exibility and improved productivity.

We design and manufacture leak testing and product washing machines in-house.

We also design and manufacture the fi  xtures in-house required for these machines.

Moreover, the Company's general-purpose machines are fungible and can be used to machine components ranging from MHCVs to tractors.

## Value to customers

-    Shorter lead times
-    Rapid scale-up and scale down of capacity (especially important given presence in the highly cyclical MHCV industry)
-    Ability to handle multiple models and variants
-    Limited capex commitment for clients

<!-- image -->

Craftsman registered healthy growth in FY22 owing to growth in volumes from existing customers. The wide sectoral diversity helped the division cushion a drop in volumes from the automotive segment. The team successfully increased its wallet share with key existing OEs and Tier 1customers and forged new engagements during the year.

During the year, the team focused on process improvement with the objective of improving man-machine effi  ciency and productivity. Towards this goal, the team.

-     Transferred the machining of high volume parts for general purpose machining row onto a special purpose machining row resulting in higher productivity and better resource utilisation.
-    Concentrated the team's energy on utilising the tools of the Lean Manufacturing Philosophy for minimising wastages.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## New engagements in FY22

1) Under the heavy duty truck improvement program, all CV players introduced an improved design for the 'bogey bracket'. The Company developed parts which were submitted for validation to leading CV OEMs operating in India; it received approval from a couple of CV OEMs, supplies of which are to commence in FY23.

2) Received business for machining parts used in a carrier housing assembly through a leading Tier-1 auto components manufacturer; supplies of parts will commence in FY23.

3) Received business for multiple machining jobs from a leading global off-highway equipment manufacturing company; commercial supplies of the parts will happen in FY23.

4) Received business from a global heavy machinery and agricultural machinery manufacturer for machining cylinder blocks; this engagement is expected to generate commercial volumes in FY23.

5) Engaged with a leading Indian tractor manufacturer for machining some parts used in tractors. The Company is setting up a new unit in Nagpur to cater to this customer which should commence operations in FY23.

## Looking ahead

Credible estimates suggest that the domestic MHCV sector is expected to witness an upswing in business fortunes aided by an uptick in economic growth, pick-up in private capex cycle and higher freight demand. It is estimated that the industry will surpass the FY19 peak volumes in FY25E.

The CV cycle recover and the consequent demand for largesized trucks which will benefi  t Craftsman in more ways than one. Additionally, factors such as a thrust on the BS6 standards and change in axle load is expected to open interesting growth opportunities for the Company going forward.

Long term CV cycles - improvement in CV after steep decline in the industry

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Value proposition to customers

## Competitive skillset

Technology advantage: It is one of the few players in the country who have capabilities across die-casting technologies viz. high pressure, low pressure, gravity, and sand.

In-house facilities: Facilities such as tool room for manufacturing tools and fi  xtures, die manufacturing for developing dies and machine manufacturing unit that assembles special purpose machines, signifi  cantly reduces the time to develop high-quality complex castings. It helps in maintaining a stable process for commercial supplies.

Machining skills: Machining skills allow the Company to provide ready-to-use castings.

## Performance in FY22

Revenue ( J Crores)

%

<!-- image -->

Growth over previous year

## Business Segment 2

## Automotive Aluminium

Despite being a relatively new entrant in the highly competitive aluminium die-casting space, Craftsman has established a strong reputation as a dependable partner for leading automotive OEMs operating in India and other customers from diverse sectors. The Company is involved in the end-to-end manufacturing (casting +

machining) of products such as crank case and cylinder blocks for 2Ws, engine and structural parts for passenger vehicles and gear box housings for MHCVs. Given its technical capabilities and strong execution track record, Craftsman continues to grow its business with key customers in the face of growing competition.

<!-- image -->

Operating Units

%

Share of overall revenue

EBIT ( D Crores)

<!-- image -->

Growth over previous year

## Value to customers

-    Can cater to diverse sectoral requirements
-    Shorter lead times
-    Rapid scale-up and scale-down of capacity

<!-- image -->

FY22 was an important milestone for the Aluminium casting vertical. This is owing to the Company's success in widening its sectoral exposure.

The Company made interesting inroads into the passenger and commercial vehicle spaces which will reduce its dependence on the 2-wheeler segment, over the coming years.

The vertical's overall performance was subdued as demand remained muted. The 2-wheeler segment witnessed a signifi  cant slowdown owing to multiple waves of the pandemic during the year.

## New engagements in FY22

1) Won orders from existing 2-wheeler customers for more parts such as crankcases and cylinder blocks. The Company expects to commence supplies in FY23.

2) Received orders from 2-wheeler EV OEMs to supply die-casting parts for electric 2Ws. These include parts such as battery housings and other structural parts. The Company is hopeful of commencing supplies in FY24.

<!-- image -->

3) Craftsman will also be manufacturing aluminium castings for cylinder blocks for a domestic PV OEMs for its SUV models.

## Looking ahead

Over the long term, this business is well-placed to benefi  t from rising aluminium content due to light-weighting of vehicles and increasing penetration of EV. Aluminium content in India PV/ CV remains well below global levels. As such, signifi  cant industry tailwinds exist for this business.

## 1) Opportunities in Passenger Vehicles

In India, the aluminium content in a passenger vehicle is currently only 50-60 kg against 140-210 kg in other large and developed economies. Hence, there is signifi  cant scope for aluminium content to increase in Indian PVs moving forward. Light-weighting of vehicles will further drive higher aluminium content in the long-term.

## 2) Opportunities in Commercial Vehicles

in transmission housings, fuel tanks, gas tanks and heat exchangers. Going forward, usage of aluminium is expected to increase materially in body parts, structural parts and trailers.

## 3) Opportunities in Electric Vehicles

The scope for increased aluminium usage is even higher in CVs. Average aluminium content in trucks in other similar developing economies is estimated to be 120-130 kg per vehicle with major usage

Rising EV penetration will provide a fi  llip to aluminium as its content in EVs is signifi  cantly higher than ICE vehicles - 300320 kg vs.140-210 kg in regions like Europe and North America.

## Potential application for Aluminium Components in Passenger Vehicles

<!-- image -->

The components of the car listed above encompasses all aluminium appllications in European passenger car and is based on the analysis of car sample covering nearly 95% of total EU28 production.

Components highlighted 'green' depicts components of a standard Indian car made from aluminium.

## Business Segment 3

## Industrial &amp; Engineering

Leveraging its in-house engineering and design capabilities along with process capabilities, Craftsman started off as an Industrial and Engineering company. Over the years, it has developed a diverse product portfolio across two sub-segments viz. (1) storage solutions, and (2) high-end sub-assembly and contract manufacturing.

for this business segment.

High-end sub-assemblies and contract manufacturing products sub-segment includes multiples categories such as (1) aluminium products for power transmission, (2) gears and gear boxes, (3) material handling equipment, (4) tool room, mould base and sheet metal and (5) special purpose machines. This sub-segment is the major revenue generator

Storage solutions is a more recent sub-segment, which has ramped up rapidly over the last 2-3 years. The Company provides complete solutions for conventional/automated storage and manufactures products like pallets, racking, shelving, vertical storage solutions, automated storage solutions etc. for several sectors such as FMCG, e-commerce, logistics, auto, pharmaceutical and electronics.

<!-- image -->

Revenue of the storage subsegment has seen 138% CAGR over FY18-22, driven entirely by the ramp-up of storage solutions business while high-end precision product revenue has been fl  attish over this period.

<!-- image -->

Operating Units

Share of overall revenue

%

## High end sub-assembly, contract manufacturing &amp; others

## Products

## SPM

Metal cutting, drilling and mining machines among other SPMs

## Applications

<!-- image -->

Automotives

<!-- image -->

## Value proposition to our storage solution customers

## Competitive skillset

Engineering capability: Ability to develop any kind of tooling, special-purpose machinery and conveyors required, leveraging in-house knowledge and expertise.

## Value to customers

-  Shorter lead times
-  High equipment uptime

Manufacturing capabilities: A combination of in-house manufacturing and local sourcing (of some components) provides speed and fl  exibility. Service capability: A strong and well-spread service team provides faster resolution to all customer issues.

-    Seamless customisation of solutions to customer requirements
-    A very low Mean Time to Repair

<!-- image -->

## Material handling

## Gear &amp; Gear boxes

Chain, wire rope &amp; grab hoists, crane kits, pallet trucks and light crane systems

<!-- image -->

Transmission &amp; housing components

<!-- image -->

Elevators

Process Industries

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Automotives

Foundries

## Tool room, mould base &amp; Sheet Metal

Mould base, plastic, moulding tools, dies, sheet metal, casing and housings

<!-- image -->

Engineering

Metro

Compressor &amp; Printing Machines

Automotives

Steel Rolling Mills

<!-- image -->

Automotives

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Aluminium Casting for power

transmission

Machines castings for GIS

Power Transmission &amp; Distribution

Craftsman registered healthy growth in FY22 in this business segment - the growth was driven by the storage solutions sub-segment. Business in the high-end precision product sub-segment, which is largely dependent on the capital goods sector, remained subdued. Infrastructure creation in the power sector also remained muted since additional power demand was met by reducing T&amp;D losses. In the nonautomotive aluminium business, as an essential diversifi  cation, the Company established a foothold in the marine transmission and compressor business spaces - thereby derisking the sub-segment from an overdependence on the power transmission segment.

<!-- image -->

## New engagements in FY22

## Industrial engineering:

1) Won orders for machining of large size iron castings from (a) a machine tool manufacturer in India - this is for machining of gearboxes and (b) renewable energy companies - machining of castings for windmill parts. Both these parts were earlier imported.

2) Won orders from a global player for supplying gearbox housings, oil pan and cam carriers for its gearboxes and engines manufacturing unit set up in India. Supplies are expected to commence in FY23.

3) Achieved healthy business volumes with a multinational company in the compressor space.

4) Received orders for some parts for a leading player in the marine transmission space; commercial supplies to commence in FY23.

Storage solutions: Craftsman continued to improve the output and product acceptability of this vertical through the following measures.

On the operations side, the team worked on standardising profi  les, tweaked processes to improve man-machine productivity, worked on ways to optimise the consumption of inputs and utilities without compromising on the product quality.

On the business development side, in addition to securing business from existing clients in the e-commerce space, the team successfully secured business from other sectors such as pharma, auto and cold storage among others. This helped the Company to widen its opportunity canvas which should assist in sustaining its growth momentum over the coming years.

V-store: The Company successfully delivered and installed 150 units of its V-store product - a niche fully automated storage solution that effectively uses the vertical height of the warehouse or production area. Currently, the Company occupies the podium position in the automated storage solution market. The team is working on growing the basket of V-Store products with bigger variants to increase its sectoral acceptance and drive demand.

## Looking ahead

Industrial segment: The successful break-through with existing clients (execution of bigger ticket-size orders), addition of new customers (in existing verticals), entry into machining of higher castings in wind energy and machine tools segments would help in driving growth over the medium term.

Storage solutions: Having streamlined manufacturing operations, the Company is working with disciplined determination to strengthen its presence in e-commerce and other sectors which are expected to register signifi  cant growth. This will allow it to utilise its assets optimally and strengthen divisional profi  tability. Cost optimisation and lean manufacturing practices will be another area of keen focus, as this will allow the team to deliver projects faster.

## Strategic direction

## Defining our limits in a no-limits ecosystem

Craftsman remain astutely focused on treading its strategic blueprint which aims to sustain its growth momentum and improve business profi  tability.

## 1)   Leverage manufacturing and engineering capabilities

-    Capitalise on the growing opportunities and emerging trends in the industry, particularly in the Automotive Aluminium Products segment
-    Focus on manufacturing critical power transmission components, castings for gas insulated switchgear in the industrial &amp; engineering segment
-    Utilise expertise to capitalise on the light-weighting of vehicles trend
-    Focus on widening the usersector presence to de-risk from an overdependence on any one business space

## 2)   Increase wallet share and acquire new business

-    Capitalise on an early mover advantage in certain segments; leverage long-term relationships with customers
-    Expand the array of existing products and solutions and develop products and solutions aligned to customer needs
-    Explore opportunities

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

that could arise from key Government announcements such as Make in India, Atmanirbhar Bharat, among others

## 3)   Grow opportunities in storage solutions

-    Leverage on strong product development, designing, engineering and manufacturing capabilities along with strong relationships with existing customers
-    Grow the presence in the warehouse space and other end-user sectors such as e-commerce, organised retailing, consumer durables, auto components and pharmaceuticals as well as cold storage space
- 4)   Continue to reduce operating costs and improve operational effi  ciencies
-    Focus on improving capacity utilisation at production facilities
-    Enhance operating effi  ciencies and operating resource utilisation in manufacturing and business operations
-    Focus on standardising components and assemblies in machines developed for inhouse utilisation
-    Reduce dependence on external funds to reduce interest costs

<!-- image -->

Craftsman's effective risk management system continues to evolve. It enables the Company to achieve its strategic objectives and deliver sustainable, long-term growth with a commitment to responsible business practices.

## Demand risk

Drop in the fortunes of the automotive sector could impact business growth.

## Mitigation measures:

Craftsman has a signifi  cant exposure to the auto sector as majority of its clients are in this business space. Realising this, the Company has worked strategically to diversify its presence into other sectors. The storage solutions vertical has performed commendably to feature among the top three in the country in this space in such a short time.

Additionally, within the auto sector, the Company has widened its presence beyond its traditional business spaces. For example, in the aluminium casting space, the Company has moved beyond 2-wheeler OEMs to PV and CV manufacturers. A similar diversifi  cation is playing out in the Automotive Powertrain business vertical.

## Competition risk

Growing competitive intensity in business spaces in which the Company operates could impact margins.

## Mitigation measures:

Craftsman's engineering and process skill and capabilities is its competitive edge that allows it to develop and deliver products with speed, scale-up and scaledown volumes as and when required (which is critical while working with auto sector OEMs - vehicle variants come and go).

This positions the Company as a preferred partner for leading auto sector OEMs.

Moreover, Craftsman's engagement fl  exibility allows it to gain confi  dence and hence wallet share with key customers. Further, the Company's scale of operation affords economies which allows Craftsman to score above competition.

## People risk

Lack of skilled people could stagger the Company's progress.

Mitigation measures: Craftsman continues to add fresh graduates from lead engineering institutes. They undergo a comprehensive training curriculum to understand and imbibe the Company's policies, systems and processes. Moreover, every day at Craftsman, provides team members with a learning opportunity. Because every

## Risk Management

Our 'No Limits' ethos continues to strengthen our business model to withstand external headwinds.

business prospect mandates teams to come to the drawing board to brainstorm on the processes to be followed and machines to be used for making a component. This continuous on-job training enables the team, including freshers, to pick up the ropes with ease.

## Funding risk

Securing low-cost funds is essential for facilitating the Company meet its growth aspiration.

## Mitigation measures:

Craftsman's fi  nancial strength is refl  ected in its Financial Statements. The Company's low debt-equity ratio as 0.63 x (as on March 31, 2022) and a healthy Cash Flow Statement (Net Cash from Operations as C 322 Crores in FY22) showcases its ability to garner adequate low-cost funds to fi  nance its strategic initiatives going forward.

## Board of Directors

<!-- image -->

Mr. Srinivasan Ravi Chairman and Managing Director (DIN: 01257716)

Mr. Ravi Gauthamram Whole Time Director (DIN: 06789004)

<!-- image -->

Mr. Chandrashekhar Bhide Independent Director (DIN: 00027967)

<!-- image -->

He is the Promoter of our Company and has been associated with our Company since its incorporation. He holds a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore.

He has experience of more than 35 years in the automotive industry. He has received various awards, including 'Outstanding Citizen of Coimbatore Award' by Rotary Club of Coimbatore in 2018, 'Entrepreneur of the Year 2015 Award' by Entrepreneurs' Organisation, Coimbatore, 'Outstanding Entrepreneur Achiever Award 2012' by Bharathiar School of Management and Entrepreneur Development, Bharathiar University, Coimbatore and 'Best Entrepreneur Award' by Coimbatore Management Association in 2010.

He holds a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore and a master's degree in mechanical engineering from RWTH Aachen University, Germany. He has experience in automotive industry. He has been on our Board since February 20, 2014. He is engaged in building the product strategy in the industrial and engineering segment of our Company. He is also the Vice President of the Coimbatore Industrial Infrastructure Association ('COINDIA '). Prior to joining our Company, he was associated with Caterpillar India Private Limited.

He holds a bachelor's degree in technology in mechanical engineering from Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay and a post-graduate diploma in business administration from Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. He has been on our Board since January 31, 2011. He has rich experience in automotive industry. He was associated with Mahindra &amp; Mahindra Limited in the past.

<!-- image -->

Mr. Sundararaman Kalyanaraman Independent Director (DIN: 01252878)

Mrs. Vijaya Sampath Independent Director (DIN: 0064110)

<!-- image -->

Mr.  T amraparni Srinivasan Venkata Rajagopal: Additional Director (DIN: 07148250)

<!-- image -->

He holds a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from University of Madras. He has attended advanced management program at Indian Institute of Management. He has been on our Board since June 30, 2017 . He has rich experience in automotive industry. He was associated with TG Kirloskar Automotive Private Limited, Kirloskar Systems Limited, BPL Limited and Widia (India) Limited in the past. Further, he is a trustee in Caring with Colours - A Manasi Kirloskar Initiative and has completed a training course for preparation as an award assessor for the 'Confederation of Indian Industry Award for Business Excellence' by European Foundation for Quality Management ('EFQM'). He is a member of Indian Society for Advancement of Materials and Process Engineering and is also a member of Project Management Institute (a global membership association dedicated to advancing the practice, science and profession of project management).

She holds a bachelor's degree in arts from University of Madras and a bachelor's degree in law from University of Mysore. She is a fellow member of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. She has attended the advanced management program of Harvard Business School, USA and a program on managing strategic alliances conducted by the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, USA. She has been on our Board since April 30, 2018. She has experience in corporate laws and advisory and chairs the FICCI committee on corporate laws. She was associated with Lakshmikumaran &amp; Sridharan Attorneys as a senior partner and with the Bharti Airtel Limited as group general counsel and company secretary in the past.

He is a Practicing Chartered Accountant by qualifi  cation and profession, possess rich experience of more than 30 years. He is the Senior Partner of Subbachar &amp; Srinivasan, Chartered Accountants Firm, Coimbatore. He is a graduate and fellow member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). He is also an All India Rank Holder in both CA Inter &amp; Final examinations. He was awarded several academic awards at School and College levels. He has presented several papers on corporate audit and taxation at the ICAI, Coimbatore.

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION LIMITED

CIN: L28991TZ1986PLC001816 Website: www.craftsmanautomation.com

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS

Mr. Srinivasan Ravi Chairman and Managing Director (DIN: 01257716)

## Mr. Ravi Gauthamram

Whole Time Director (DIN: 06789004)

## Mr. Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide

Independent Director (DIN: 00027967)

Mr. Sundararaman Kalyanaraman

Independent Director (DIN: 01252878)

## Mrs. Vijaya Sampath

Independent Director (DIN: 00641110)

Mr.  T amraparni Srinivasan Venkata Rajagopal * Additional Director (DIN: 07148250) *(Appointed w.e.f 19 th  March, 2022)

## Mr. Udai Dhawan

#

Non Executive Director (DIN: 03048040) # (Resigned w.e.f 19 th  March, 2022)

## Chief Financial Officer:

Mr. C.B.Chandrasekar

Company Secretary and Compliance Officer:

Mr. Shainshad Aduvanni

Statutory Auditors: Sharp &amp; Tannan, Chartered Accountants, Chennai

## Internal Auditors:

MC Ranganathan &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants, Chennai

## Cost Auditors:

S.Mahadevan &amp; Co, Cost Accountants, Coimbatore

## Secretarial Auditors:

KSR &amp; Co Company Secretaries LLP , Coimbatore

## REGISTERED OFFICE

'Senthel Towers' , IV Floor, No. 1078, Avanashi Road, Coimbatore - 641 018 Tamil Nadu, India

## Registrar and Share Transfer Agent

Link Intime India Private Limited Surya 35, Mayflower Avenue, Behind Senthil Nagar, Sowripalayam Road, Coimbatore - 641028.

## Audit Committee

- Mr. Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide, Chairman
- Mr. Sundararaman Kalyanaraman, Member
- Mrs.Vijaya Sampath, Member
- Mr. Tamraparni Srinivasan Venkata Rajagopal, Member

## Nomination and Remuneration Committee

- Mrs. Vijaya Sampath, Chairperson
- Mr. Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide, Member
- Mr. Sundararaman Kalyanaraman, Member

## Stakeholders Relationship Committee

- Mr. Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide, Chairman
- Mr. Srinivasan Ravi, Member
- Mr. Sundararaman Kalyanaraman, Member

## Risk Management Committee

- Mr. Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman
- Mr.Ravi Gauthamram, Member
- Mr. Sundararaman Kalyanaraman, Member
- Mr.C.B.Chandrasekar, Member

## Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

- Mr. Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman
- Mr. Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide, Member
- Mr. Tamraparni Srinivasan Venkata Rajagopal, Member

## BANKERS AND LENDERS

- State Bank of India
- IDBI Bank Limited
- Indian Bank
- Standard Chartered Bank
- ICICI Bank Limited
- Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited
- HDFC Bank Limited
- Citibank N.A.
- IndusInd Bank Limited
- RBL Bank Limited
- YES Bank Limited
- IDFC First Bank Limited
- Axis Bank Limited
- International  Finance  Corporation
- Bajaj Finance Limited
- Export-Import Bank of India

## STATUTORY SECTION

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## To

The Members,

The Directors are pleased to present the  Thirty Sixth (36 th ) Annual Report of the Company together with the audited financial statements (consolidated and standalone) for the year ended 31 st  March, 2022.

In compliance with the applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013, (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for time being in force) (' Act') and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ('Listing Regulations'), this report covers the financial results and other developments during the financial year ended 31 st  March, 2022, in respect of Craftsman Automation Limited.

## 1.  FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS &amp; STATE OF AFFAIRS:

## 1.1 The  financial  performance  of  the  Company  for  the  financial  year  ended  31 st   March,  2022  is summarised below:

## ( D in Crores)

| Particulars  Year ended  Year ended  31.03.2022  31.03.2021  31.03.2022  31.03.2021  Standalone  Consolidated  Operating revenue  2206.43  1546.29  2217 .02  1559.95  Other income  9.27  13.22  7 .40  10.08  EBITDA  538.58  447 .25  541.94  448.49  Less: Finance Cost  84.20  107 .28  84.22  107 .28  Less: Depreciation and Amortization  205.98  192.41  205.99  192.45  Less: Exceptional items  -  -  -  -  Profit before Tax (PBT)  248.40  147 .56  251.73  148.76  Less: Provision for Current Tax (Net)  88.55  53.89  88.55  53.89  Less: Deferred Tax  (0.60)  (3.09)  0.09  (2.49)  Profit after Tax for the year (PAT)  160.45  96.76  163.09  97 .36  Other Equity opening balance  967 .89  721.64  958.87  711.53  Add: Profit for the year  160.45  96.76  163.09  97 .36  Add: Securities premium (net) on IPO  (1 .85)  145.13  (1 .85)  145.13  Add/(Less) Other Comprehensive Income /(Loss)  5.15  4.36  5.07  4.85  Dividend paid on equity shares  -  -  -  -  Other Equity closing balance  1131.64  967 .89  1125.18  958.87   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Standalone Financial Results:

During  the  Financial Year  (FY)  2021-22,  the  Company  has  achieved  highest  ever  operating  income  of H 2206.43 Crores as compared to H 1546.29 Crores in FY 2020-21.  The profit before tax for FY 2021-22 stood at H 248.40 Crores compared to H 147 .56 Crores achieved in FY 2020-21.  The profit after tax stood at H 160.45 Crores for FY 2021-22 as compared to H 96.76 Crores for the previous year.

## Consolidated Financial Results:

The Company's consolidated revenue for FY 2021-22 was H 2217 .02 Crores as compared to H 1559.95 Crores for  the  previous  year.  During  the  year  under  review,  the  consolidated  profit  after  tax  stood  at H 163.09 Crores as compared to H 97 .36 Crores for the previous year.

## 2.  DIVIDEND:

The  Board  of  Directors  at  their  meeting  held  on 9 th   May,  2022  has  recommended  payment  of H 3.75/- (Three Rupees and Seventy-Five Paisa Only) per equity share being 75% on the face value of H 5 each as final dividend for the financial year ended 31 st  March, 2022.  The payment of dividend is subject to approval of the shareholders at the 36 th  Annual General Meeting (' AGM') of the Company.

The  dividend  if  approved  by  the  members  would involve a cash outflow of H 792.31 Lakhs.

In view of the changes made under the Income Tax Act, 1961, by the Finance Act, 2020, dividend paid or  distributed  by  the  Company  shall  be  taxable  in the hands of the shareholders. Your Company shall, accordingly, make the payment of the dividend after deduction of tax at source.

Pursuant  to  provisions  of  Regulation  43A  of  the Listing Regulations as amended from time to time, the Company has formulated Dividend Distribution Policy.  The  policy  is  available  on  the  Company's website at https://www.craftsmanautomation.com/ wp-content/uploads/2021/05/14.CAL-DIVIDENDDISTRIBUTION-POLICY.pdf.

## 3. TRANSFER OF UNCLAIMED DIVIDEND TO  THE INVESTOR EDUCATION  AND PROTECTION FUND (IEPF):

In accordance with the provisions of Sections 124 and  125  of  the  Act  and  Investor  Education  and Protection  Fund  (Accounting,  Audit,  Transfer  and Refund) Rules, 2016 ('IEPF Rules'), dividends of a company which remain unpaid or unclaimed for a period of seven years from the date of transfer to the  Unpaid  Dividend  Account  shall  be  transferred by  the  company  to  the  Investor  Education  and Protection Fund ('IEPF').

In  terms  of  the  foregoing  provisions  of  the  Act, there is no dividend which remains outstanding or remain to be paid and require to be transferred to the  IEPF  by  the  Company  during  the  year  ended 31 st  March, 2022.

## 4.  SHARE CAPITAL:

During the year under review, the Company has not altered/modified  its  authorised  share  capital  and has not issued any shares including equity shares with  differential  rights  as  to  dividend,  voting  or otherwise. The Company has not issued any sweat equity shares to its directors or employees.

The  Paid-up  Share  Capital  of  the  Company  as  on 31 st   March,  2022  is H 10,56,41,555  divided  into 2,11,28,311 Equity Shares of H 5 each fully paid up.

## 5.  RESERVES AND SURPLUS:

The  Company  has  not  transferred  any  amount to the Reserves  for the financial year  ended 31 st  March, 2022.

## 6.  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION &amp; ANALYSIS REPORT:

Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(e) of the Listing Regulations, Management Discussion and Analysis Report is given in Annexure-1.

## 7 .  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) of the Listing Regulations a report on Corporate Governance along with a Certificate  from  the  Company  Secretary  in Practice  towards  compliance  of  the  provisions  of Corporate  Governance,  forms  an  integral  part  of this Annual Report and are given in Annexure-2 and Annexure-3 respectively.

## 8.  CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR):

In accordance with the requirements of Section 135 of the Act, the Company has constituted a Corporate Social  Responsibility  (CSR)  Committee  and  also formulated a Corporate Social Responsibility Policy (CSR  Policy)  which  is  available  on  the  website  of the Company at https://www.craftsmanautomation. com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/1.-CAL -Policy-onCorporate-Social-Responsibility-05.05.2021.pdf.  An Annual  Report  on  CSR  activities  of  the  Company during the financial year 2021-22 as required to be given under Section 135 of the Act read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 has been  provided as an Annexure-4 to this Report.

## 9.  MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF  THE COMPANY:

There  are  no  material  changes  and  commitments affecting  the  financial  position  of  the  Company which  have  occurred  between  the  end  of  the

financial year ended 31 st  March, 2022 to which the Financial Statements relates and the date of signing of this report.

## 10.  RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY:

Pursuant to Section 134(3)(n) of the Act and Regulation  17(9)  of  the  Listing  Regulations,    the Company  has  formulated  and  adopted  a Risk Management Policy. The Company has been consciously following a policy of risk mitigation by diversifying  its  products,  services,  markets  and customers.  The key risk of exposure to the cyclicality of automobile business is being mitigated by increasing the share of the Industrial &amp; Engineering segment. Further, within the Industrial &amp; Engineering segment, the risk of excessive reliance on contract manufacturing is being addressed by strengthening and growing the Company's own product portfolio and creating brand equity.

## Following are the major risk concerns:

## Competition:

Some of the Company's business segments operates  in  a  competitive  environment  and  some of  the  Company's  customers  pursue  a  policy  of maintaining  more  than  one  source  for  a  product/ service. The Company's senior management team closely monitors the market and devises the various strategies to stay ahead of the competition.

## Economy:

The economy is still susceptible to the challenging global  economic  environment  of  increased  trade tensions,  protectionism  and  slow  down.  It  is  also constrained by fiscal profligacy and implementation delays, weak financial sector.

## Automobile Industry:

The fortunes of the automobile industry are cyclical and the demand for vehicles are vulnerable to the interest rates and liquidity.

## Risk Mitigation Measures:

As already mentioned the Company adopts the policy of  risk  diversification  by  broadening  its  products, services, market and customer base. The Company over  the  years  built  a  good  design,  engineering and  product  development  team. This  has  enabled the Company to come out with new products and services and in the contract manufacturing space, the  company  is  able  to  position  itself  as  a  one- stop solution provider to its customers. In addition, the Company has steadily invested over the years to  build  up  world  class  manufacturing  and  testing facilities at Coimbatore and other plants. The stateof-the-art  machines,  continuous  improvement  in the  production  processes,  constant  upgradation of employee skill levels, backward integration to  tool,  die  and  fixture  making  and  JIT  deliveries have  created  a  strong  competitive  advantage  for the Company.

The Board has constituted Risk  Management Committee under the Chairmanship of Mr.  Srinivasan  Ravi,  which  reviews  the  various risks faced by the Company and advises the Board on  risk  mitigation  plans.  Risk  Management  policy may  be  accessed  on the  Company's  website at the link: https://www.craftsmanautomation. com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/4.-CAL-RiskManagement-Policy.pdf.

## 11.  VIGIL MECHANISM / WHISTLE BLOWER  POLICY  FOR  DIRECTORS  AND EMPLOYEES:

The  Company  has  formulated  a  comprehensive Whistle Blower Policy in line with the provisions of Section 177(9) and 177(10) of the Act and Regulation 22 of the Listing Regulations with a will to enable the stakeholders, including directors, individual employees  to  freely  communicate  their  concerns about  illegal  or  unethical  practices  and  to  report genuine concerns to the Audit Committee  of the Company.

The mechanism provides adequate safeguards against victimization  of  directors  or  employees who avail of the mechanism.  The Whistle Blower Policy  has  been  placed  in  the  website  of  the Company at https://www.craftsmanautomation. com/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/2.-CALWhistleBlowerPolicy.pdf

## 12.  INFORMATION REQUIRED UNDER SEXUAL  HARASSMENT  OF WOMEN  AT WORK PLACE (PREVENTION, PROHIBITION &amp; REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013:

The Company has in place a policy on prevention, prohibition  and  redressal  of  Sexual  Harassment at  workplace  in  line  with  the  requirements  of The  Sexual  Harassment  of  Women  at  Workplace (Prevention,  Prohibition  and  Redressal)  Act,  2013.

The Internal Complaints Committee has been setup to  redress  the  complaints  received  on  the  sexual harassment.  All  employees  of  the  Company  are covered under this policy.

No complaints on sexual harassment were received during the year 2021-22.

## 13.  PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENTS  WITH RELATED PARTIES:

During Financial Year 2021-22, all contracts/ arrangements/transactions entered into by the Company with related parties under Section 188(1) of the Act were in the ordinary course of business and on an arm's length basis. The Company has not entered into material contracts or arrangements or transactions with related parties in accordance with Section  188  of  the  Act  read  with  the  Companies (Meetings  of  Board  and  its  Powers)  Rules,  2014. There were no materially significant Related Party Transactions made by the Company during the year that  would  have  required  shareholders'  approval under the Listing Regulations.

The  Related  Party Transactions  are  placed  before the Audit Committee for prior approval, as required under the Act and Listing regulations. A statement of all Related Party  Transactions is placed before the Audit Committee for its review on a quarterly basis, specifying the nature and value of the transactions.

The Company has adopted policy on Related Party Transactions and can be accessed on the Company's website at https://www.craftsmanautomation. com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/11.-CALRPT-Policy.pdf .

Particulars of contracts or arrangements with related parties referred to in Section 188(1) of the Act and in compliance with the Listing Regulations, is enclosed to this report as Annexure-5.

## 14.  PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS UNDER SECTION 186 OF  THE ACT:

Pursuant to Section 186 of the Act, disclosure on particulars  relating  to  loans,  advances,  guarantees and investments are provided as part of the financial statements in note no. 1.5, 1.6 and 3.5 of Standalone Financial Statements.

## 15.  DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE OR ANY PROCEEDING PENDING UNDER THE INSOLVENCY AND  BANKRUPTCY  CODE, 2016 (31 OF 2016) DURING  THE FINANCIAL YEAR:

No application was made or any proceeding pending under  the  Insolvency  and  Bankruptcy  Code,  2016 (31 of 2016) during the financial year 2021-22.

## 16.  DETAILS  OF  DIFFERENCE  BETWEEN AMOUNT OF THE VALUATION  DONE AT THE  TIME  OF  ONE  TIME  SETTLEMENT AND THE VALUATION DONE WHILE TAKING  LOAN  FROM  THE  BANKS  OR FINANCIAL  INSTITUTIONS ALONG WITH THE  REASONS  THEREOF  DURING  THE FINANCIAL  YEAR:

Not applicable during the financial year.

## 17 .  SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS  PASSED  BY THE  REGULATORS OR COURTS:

There were no significant / material orders passed by the regulators or courts or tribunals during the financial year 2021-22, impacting the going concern status and Company's operations in future.

## 18.  ANNUAL RETURN:

Pursuant to Section 92(3) and 134(3)(a) of the Act the  Annual  Return  of  the  Company  prepared  in accordance  with  Section  92(1)  of  the  Act  read with Rule 11 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended), is placed on the website of the Company and is accessible at  the  web-link  https://www.craftsmanautomation. com/investors/.

## 19.  CREDIT RATING:

During  the  year  under  review,  CRISIL  Limited,  a credit rating agency registered with the Securities and  Exchange  Board  of  India  has  upgraded  the credit rating assigned to the long term loan facilities from BBB+/Stable to A/Stable and short term loan facilities from A2 to A1 .

## 20.  PUBLIC DEPOSITS:

The Company has not accepted any deposits falling within the meaning of Section 73 or 74 of the Act read with the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits)

Rules, 2014 during the financial year and as such, no  amount  on  account  of  principal  or  interest on  deposits  from  public  was  outstanding  as  on 31 st  March, 2022.

## 21.  AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS:

The Company has always been singled out by its customers  as  a  supplier  partners  known  for  its reliability and quality. During the year, the Company has received Certificate of Appreciation from John Deere  Dewas  Works  for  supporting  in  reaching 200K tractors milestone.

## 22.  SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURE:

## 22.1  Details of Foreign wholly owned subsidiaries:

## A.    CRAFTSMAN EUROPE B.V., THE NETHERLANDS (FORMERLY KNOWN  AS CRAFTSMAN MARINE B.V):

- i. During the year under review, Craftsman Europe B.V.,  Wholly  Owned  Subsidiary  has  posted  a turnover of H 1890 Lakhs (Euro 21.73 Lakhs) as against H 1741  Lakhs  (Euro  20.06  Lakhs). The profit  for  the  year  amounted  to H 226  Lakhs (Profit of Euro 4.42 Lakhs) increased from Loss of H 0.53 Lakhs (Loss of Euro 0.01 Lakhs).

## B. CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION SINGAPORE PTE LIMITED:

- i. Craftsman  Automation  Singapore  Pte  Limited (CAS),  the  Wholly  Owned  Subsidiary  of  the Company  was  dissolved  through  members voluntary winding up during the quarter ended 30 th  June, 2021.
- ii. CAS was not a material subsidiary of the Company.

## 22.2 Details of Joint Venture Companies:

Carl  Stahl  Craftsman  Enterprises  Private  Limited which  is  an  associate  Company  in  which  your Company is holding 30% of equity shares notched a turnover of C 34.15 Crores in FY 2021-22 as against the C 22.07 Crores of FY 2020-21. The Profit for the year  was C 1.27  Crores  as  against  profit  of C 0.55 Crores in FY 2020-21.

Pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, a statement containing salient features of the financial statements  of  the  Company's Subsidiaries  and  Associate  Company  in  Form  No. AOC-1 is attached to this report as Annexure-6.

## 23.  CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS:

During  the  year  under  review,  there  has  been  no change in the Company's nature of business.

## 24.  DIRECTORS:

The Board of the Company is duly constituted. None of the directors of the Company is disqualified under the provisions of the Act or the Listing Regulations.

During  the  financial  year  2021-22  under  review, the shareholders  of the Company  at  the  35 th AGM  held  on  21 st   June,  2021  had  approved  the re-appointment of Mr. Srinivasan Ravi as the Chairman  and  Managing  Director  and  Mr.  Ravi Gauthamram as Whole Time Director for a further period of 5 years with effect from 1 st  October, 2021 and approved the appointment of Mr.Udai Dhawan as Non Executive Non Independent Director.

The  Board  at  its  meeting  held  on  19 th   March,  2022 on recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, had appointed Mr.Tamraparni Srinivasan Venkata Rajagopal (DIN:  07148250)  as  an  Additional  Director  of  the Company with effect from 19 th  March, 2022 upto the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company..

Further,  Mr.Udai  Dhawan  (DIN:  03048040)  has tendered  his  resignation  as  Non-Executive  NonIndependent  Director  w.e.f  19 th   March,  2022. The Board appreciated the guidance and contribution on various  matters  made  by  Mr.Udai  Dhawan  during his tenure as a Director of the Company.

The  Board  at  its  meeting  held  on  9 th   May,  2022, based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration  Committee,  has  recommended  to the shareholders, the appointment of Mr.Tamraparni Srinivasan Venkata Rajagopal (DIN: 07148250) as an Independent Director  of  the  Company.  Necessary resolution seeking the approval of the Shareholders for his appointment along with explanatory Statement justifying the appointment are included in the Notice convening the 36 th  AGM of the Company.

In  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  Act  and Articles  of  Association  of  the  Company,  Mr.Srinivasan Ravi  (DIN:  01257716),  Director,  retires  by  rotation and being eligible, offers himself for reappointment at  the  ensuing  AGM.  His  appointment  is  placed for approval of the members and forms part of the notice of the 36 th   AGM. The information about the Director seeking his reappointment as per Para 1.2.5 of Secretarial Standards on General Meetings and Regulation  36  (3)  of  Listing  Regulations  has  been given in the notice convening the 36 th  AGM.

## 25.  KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL:

Pursuant to  Section  2(51)  and    203  of  the  Act  read  with the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial  Personnel)  Rules,  2014,  the  following are the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company:

- i. Mr. Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman and Managing Director;
- ii. Mr. Ravi Gauthamram, Whole Time Director;
- iii. Mr. C.B.Chandrasekar, Chief Financial Officer;
- iv. Mr. Thiyagaraj Damodharaswamy, Chief Operating Officer;
- v. Mr. Shainshad Aduvanni, Company Secretary.

The  remuneration  and  other  details  of  these  Key Managerial Personnel for Financial Year 2021-22 are provided in the Annual Return which is available on the website of the Company.

## 26.  COMMITTEES:

As  per  the  requirements  of  the  Act  and  Listing Regulations, the following committees were constituted and the composition, meeting of committees held during the year are as follows.

## i. Audit Committee:

During  the  year  under  review,  the  Board  at  its meeting held on 19 th  March, 2022 has reconstituted the Audit Committee and the members of the Audit Committee are as follows:

1. Mr.Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide, Independent Director (Chairman);
2. Mr.Sundararaman Kalyanaraman, Independent Director (Member);
3. Mrs.Vijaya Sampath, Independent Director (Member)
4. Mr.Tamraparni Srinivasan Venkata Rajagopal, Additional Director (Member) ^
5. Mr.Udai Dhawan, Non-Executive Director (Member)*

^  Mr.Tamraparni Srinivasan  Venkata Rajagopal, Additional Director  was  appointed  as  a  member  with  effect  from 19 th  March, 2022.

*Mr.Udai  Dhawan,  Non-Executive  Director  ceased  to  be  a member with effect from 19 th  March, 2022.

During the financial year 2021-22, the Audit Committee  met  four  times    on  5 th   May,  2021, 14 th July, 2021, 18 th October, 2021 and 24 th  January, 2022.

## ii. Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

The Composition of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is as follows:

1. Mrs.Vijaya Sampath, Independent Director (Chairperson);
2. Mr. Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide, Independent Director (Member) and
3. Mr. Sundararaman Kalyanaraman, Independent Director (Member).

During the financial year 2021-22, Nomination and  Remuneration  Committee  met  two  times  on 5 th  May, 2021 and 18 th  March, 2022.

## iii. Stakeholders Relationship Committee:

The Composition of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee is as follows:

1. Mr. Chandrashekar Madhukar Bhide, Independent Director (Chairman)
2. Mr. Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman and Managing Director (Member) and
3. Mr. Sundararaman Kalyanaraman, Independent Director (Member)

During  the  financial  year  2021-22,  Stakeholders Relationship Committee met once on 24 th  January, 2022.

## iv. CSR Committee:

The  CSR  Committee  was  reconstituted  after  the resignation of Mr.Udai Dhawan, Non-Executive Non-Independent  Director  from  the  Board  of  the Company with the following Compositions:

1. Mr.Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman and Managing Director (Chairman);
2. Mr.Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide, Independent Director (Member);

3. Mr.Tamraparni Srinivasan Venkata Rajagopal, Additional Director (Member)^
4. Mr.Udai Dhawan, Non-Executive Director (Member)*;

^  Mr.Tamraparni Srinivasan  Venkata Rajagopal, Additional Director  was  appointed  as  member  with  effect  from 19 th  March, 2022.

*Mr.Udai  Dhawan,  Non-Executive  Director  ceased  to  be  a Member with effect from 19 th  March, 2022.

During the financial year 2021-22, the CSR Committee  met  two  times  on  5 th   May,  2021  and 24 th  January, 2022.

## v. Risk Management Committee:

The Board has constituted Risk  Management Committee  at  its  meeting  held  on  5 th   May,  2021 as  required  under  Regulation  21  of  the  Listing Regulations with the following members:

1. Mr. Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman and Managing Director (Chairman);
2. Mr. Ravi Gauthamram, Whole Time Director (Member);
3. Mr. Sundararaman Kalyanaraman, Independent Director (Member) and
4. Mr.C.B.Chandrasekar, Chief Financial Officer (Member).

During the financial year 2021-22, the Risk Management Committee met two times on 25 th  September, 2021 and 18 th  March, 2022.

## vi. Management Committee:

The  Composition  of  the  Management  Committee is as follows:

1. Mr. Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman and Managing Director (Chairman);
2. Mr. Ravi Gauthamram, Whole Time Director (Member) and

During the financial year 2021-22, the Management Committee met once on 9 th  February, 2022.

## vii. IPO Committee:

The Company has successfully completed the Initial Public Offering (IPO) and listed its equity shares on the  BSE  Limited  and  National  Stock  Exchange  of India Limited on 25 th  March, 2021. Accordingly, IPO Committee was dissolved by the Board of Directors at their meeting held on 24 th  January, 2022.

## 27 .  INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS:

## Internal Financial Controls and their Adequacy

In  terms of Section 134(5)(e) of the Act, the term Internal  Financial  Control  means  the  policies  and procedures  adopted  by  a  company  for  ensuring orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company's policies, safeguarding of its assets, prevention and detection of frauds and errors, accuracy and completeness of the  accounting  records,  and  timely  preparation  of reliable financial information.

Internal  Control  Over  Financial  Reporting  (ICFR) remains an important component to foster confidence in a company's financial reporting, and  ultimately,  streamlining  the  process  to  adopt best practices.  Your Company  through  Internal Audit Program is regularly conducting test of effectiveness  of  various  controls.  The  ineffective and unsatisfactory controls are reviewed and remedial actions are taken immediately.  The internal audit plan is also aligned to the business objectives of the Company which is reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee. Further, the Audit Committee monitors  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  your Company's internal control framework.

Adequate  internal  financial  controls  are  in  place which ensures the reliability of financial and operational information.  The regulatory and statutory compliances are also ensured.  The Oracle enterprise wide resource platform deployed in the Company enables the business processes and also ensures financial discipline and fosters accountability.

## 28.  AUDITORS &amp; AUDITORS REPORT:

## A. Statutory Auditors

The Shareholders at their meeting held on 20 th   May,  2020  had  appointed  Sharp  &amp;  Tannan, Chartered  Accountants,  A-Wing,  602,  Anna  Salai, Chennai - 600 006 (Firm Registration No:003792S), as  the  Statutory  Auditors  of  the  Company  for  a period  of  5  years  from  the  conclusion  of  the  34 th AGM (2020) till the conclusion of 39 th  AGM (2025).

## B. Statutory Audit Report

There are no qualifications, reservations or adverse remarks made  by Sharp &amp;  Tannan, Statutory Auditors in their report for the financial year ended 31 st  March, 2022.

## C. Internal Auditor

MC  Ranganathan  &amp;  Co.,  Chartered  Accountants, Chennai, who are the Internal Auditors have carried out internal audit for the financial year 2021-22.  Their reports were reviewed by the Audit Committee.

## D. Cost Auditor

During the Financial Year 2021-22, the Company is required to maintain cost records under Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014. Accordingly, cost records have been maintained by the Company which were audited by S.Mahadevan &amp; Co,  Cost  Accountants,  Coimbatore,  (Registration No. 000007).

In accordance with Section 148 of the Act, the Board of Directors of the Company, on recommendation of the Audit Committee, has re-appointed S.Mahadevan &amp; Co, Cost Accountants, Coimbatore, (Registration No. 000007) as the Cost Auditors to conduct the Audit of the Cost Accounting Records maintained by the Company for the Financial Year 2022-23.  S.Mahadevan  &amp;  Co  have  confirmed  that their  appointment  is  within  the  limits  of  Section 141(3)(g) of the Act and have also certified that they are free from any disqualifications specified under section 141(3) read with Section 148(5) of the Act.

As per the provisions of the Act, a resolution seeking members' ratification for the remuneration payable to S.Mahadevan  &amp; Co, Cost Auditors is included at item no.6 of the Notice convening the 36 th  AGM.

## E. Secretarial Auditor and Secretarial Audit

Pursuant to the Section 204 of the Act read with the  Companies  (Appointment  and  Remuneration of  Managerial  Personnel)  Rules,  2014,  the  Board of  Directors  had  appointed  KSR  &amp;  Co.,  Company Secretaries LLP , Coimbatore  as  the  Secretarial Auditors of the Company to undertake the Secretarial Audit of the Company for the FY 2021-22.

The Secretarial Audit Report in form MR-3 forms part of the Directors' Report as Annexure-7. The report does  not  contain  any  qualification, reservation, adverse remark or disclaimer.

## F. Annual Secretarial Compliance Report

The  Company  has  undertaken  an  audit  for  the Financial    Y ear  ended  31 st   March,  2022  for  all applicable compliances as per the Regulation 24A

of the Listing Regulations and Circulars/Guidelines issued thereunder. The Annual Secretarial Compliance Report issued by KSR &amp; Co, Company Secretaries  LLP  has  been  submitted  to  the  stock exchanges  within  60  days  of the end  of the financial year.

## G. Reporting of Frauds by Auditors:

During the year under review, the Statutory Auditors, Internal Auditors, Cost Auditors and Secretarial Auditors have not reported any instance of fraud committed in the Company by its Officers or Employees to the Audit Committee under Section 143(12) of the Act and the rules made thereunder.

## 29.  MEETINGS OF  THE BOARD AND COMMITTEES:

During  the  Financial  Year  2021-22,  the  Board  of Directors  met  six  (6)  times  and  the  details  of  the meetings of the Board and its Committees are given in the Corporate Governance Report (Annexure 2). The  gap  intervening  between  two  meetings  was within the time prescribed under the Act and Listing Regulations.

Details of attendance of meetings of the Board, its Committees and the Annual  General  Meeting  are included  in  the  Report  on  Corporate  Governance, which forms part of this Annual Report.

## 30.  MEETING OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:

In terms of requirements under Schedule IV of the Act and Regulation 25 (3) of Listing Regulations, a separate meeting of the Independent Directors was held on 18 th  March, 2022.

The  Independent  Directors  at  the  meeting,  inter alia, reviewed the following: -

- Performance of Non-Independent Directors and Board as a whole.
- Performance of the Chairman of the Company, taking  into  account  the  views  of  Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors.
- Assessed  the  quality,  quantity  and  timeliness of  flow  of  information  between  the  Company Management and the Board that is necessary for  the  Board  to  effectively  and  reasonably perform their duties.

## 31.  DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:

The Company  has received declarations from each Independent Director of the Company under Section 149(7) of the Act and Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations confirming compliance with the criteria of independence as stipulated under Section 149(6)  of  the  Act  and  Regulation  16(1)(b)  of  the Listing Regulations and there has been no change in the circumstances which may affect their status as Independent Directors during the year 2021-22.

All  Independent  Directors  of  the  Company  have affirmed compliance with the Schedule IV of the Act and Company's Code of Conduct for Directors and Employees for the Financial Year 2021-22.

All the Independent Directors of the Company have registered  themselves with the Indian Institute  of Corporate  Affairs  ('IICA ')  towards  the  inclusion  of their  names  in  the  data  bank  maintained  with  it and they meet the requirements of proficiency selfassessment test.

## 32.  NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS' COMPENSATION AND DISCLOSURES:

None of the Independent / Non- Executive Directors have any pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company which in the Judgment of the Board may affect the independence of the Directors.

## 33.  FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME FOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:

The Company has adopted a familiarisation programme  for  Independent  Directors  with  an objective  of  making  the  Independent  Directors of  the  Company  accustomed  with  the  business and  operations  of  the  Company  through  various structured  orientation  programme.  The  familiarization programme also intends to update the Directors on a  regular  basis  on  any  significant  changes  therein so as to be in a position to take well informed and timely decision.

The details of  the  familiarization  programme  undertaken have  been  uploaded  on  the  Company's  website and  the  same  is  accessible  at  the  web-link  https:// www.craftsmanautomation.com/wp-content/ uploads/2022/04/Familiarisation-Programme\_ Website.pdf.

## 34.  PERFORMANCE EVALUATION OF BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES:

Pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  the  Act  and  Listing Regulations  and  as  per  Guidance  Note  on  Board Evaluation issued by SEBI on 5 th  January, 2017 , the Board has carried out annual performance evaluation of its own performance, the Directors individually as well as evaluation of the working of its Committees at its meeting held on 19 th  March, 2022.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has defined the evaluation criteria for the performance evaluation  of  individual  Directors,  the  Board  and its Committees. The performance of the Board, its committees and individual Directors was evaluated by  the  Nomination  and  Remuneration  Committee and Board after seeking inputs from all the respective Committee member and Directors.

## 35.  DIRECTORS' APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION POLICY:

The Company has on the recommendation of the Nomination  &amp;  Remuneration  Committee  framed and adopted a Nomination and Remuneration Policy in terms of the Section 178 of the Act with effect from 2 nd  July, 2018. The policy, inter alia lays down the  principles  relating  to  appointment,  cessation, remuneration and evaluation of directors, key managerial personnel and senior  management personnel of the Company.

The  Nomination  &amp;  Remuneration  Policy  of  the Company is available on the website of the Company at web-link https://www.craftsmanautomation.com/ wp-content/uploads/2019/05/3.-CAL-NominationRemuneration-and-Board-Evaluation-Policy.pdf.

## 36.  PARTICULARS  OF  EMPLOYEES  AND RELATED DISCLOSURES:

The details as required under Section 197(12) of the Act and Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 are given in Annexure-8 of this Report.

The information required under Section 197(12) of Act read with Rule 5(2) and (3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration  of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, including amendment thereto, is provided in the Annexure-9 forming part of the Report.

During the year, the Company had no employee who was employed throughout the Financial Year or part thereof and was in receipt of remuneration, which in the aggregate, or as the case may be, at a rate which, in the aggregate, is in excess of that drawn by  the  Managing  Director  or Whole-Time  Director or Manager and holds by himself or along with his spouse and dependent children, not less than 2% of the equity shares of the Company.

## 37 .  BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY  REPORT:

Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Listing Regulations,  the  initiatives  taken  by  the  Company from  an environmental, social  and  governance perspective  for the Financial  Year  2021-22  has been  given  in  the  Business  Responsibility  and Sustainability  Report  (BRSR)  as  per  the  format specified by SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/P/CIR/2021/562 dated 10 th  May, 2021 which forms part of this report as Annexure-10. The Company has voluntarily adopted the BRSR for the Financial Year 2021-22.

## 38.  CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN  EXCHANGE  EARNINGS  AND OUTGO:

The information pertaining to details of conservation of energy, technology absorption, foreign exchange earnings and outgo as required under Section 134(3) (m) of the Act read with Rule 8 of the Companies Accounts Rules, 2014 are as follows:

## A) Conservation of energy:

- I. Steps taken or impact conservation of energy

on

## · Reduction of Power Consumption in Furnace:

Holding furnace contactor controller was  replaced  with  thyristor  controller  for reducing power consumption in furnace. By this practice, the Company has saved  10% of power consumption unit in each furnace.

## · Compressor Energy Saving:

The  Company  has  reduced  5%  of  the Compressor  running  consumption  motor by replacing new motor for the compressor motors running with excess power.

The  Company  has  saved  20%  of  power consumption in Unit 2 Foundry by replacing new  energy  efficient  compressor  for  the excess power consuming old compressor.

The Company has reduced the unload timing of  Compressor in Sriperumbudur plant by replacing compressor line, installing in new location and by centralising all compressors in a single pipe line with ring loop.

## · Reduction in Melting Cost:

The  Company has saved 20% of melting cost by replacing existing diesel burner to LPG Gas burner.

## II. Steps  taken  by  the  Company  for  utilizing alternate source of energy

The  Company  during  the  year  under  review utilized wind power from its group captive wind mills  and  also  from  group  captive  waste  heat power producer.

## III Capital investment on energy conservation equipment's

Replacement of oil fired burner with gas fired burner in melting furnaces for the purpose of improving combustion efficiency with reduction of fuel consumption.

## B)  T echnology Absorption:

The Company has effectively integrated and absorbed  general  technology  in  the  area  of  air generation equipment's.

## The expenditure incurred on Research and Development

The Company has not incurred any expenditure on Research and Development.

## C) Foreign Exchange earnings and Outgo:

Details of earnings accrued and expenditure incurred in foreign currency are as given below.

| Foreign Exchange Earnings  C  163.96 Crores  Foreign Exchange Outgo  C  287 .78 Crores   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 39.  DIRECTORS' STATEMENT:

## RESPONSIBILITY

The Directors' Responsibility Statement referred to in Section 134 (3) (c) of the Act shall state that:

- (a) in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards had been followed along with proper explanation relating to material departures;
- (b) the  directors  had  selected  such  accounting policies  and  applied  them  consistently  and made judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at the end of the financial year and profit of the Company for that period;
- (c) the  directors  had  taken  proper  and  sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting  records  in  accordance  with  the provisions of Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
- (d) the directors had prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis;
- (e) the  directors  had  devised  proper  systems  to ensure  compliance  with  the  provisions  of  all applicable  laws  and  that  such  systems  were adequate and operating effectively.

## 40.  SECRETARIAL STANDARDS:

The Company is in compliance with the Secretarial Standards on Meetings of Board of Directors (SS-1) and General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

## 41.  PROHIBITION OF INSIDER   TRADING:

In  terms  of  the  provisions  of  the  Securities  and Exchange  Board  of  India  (Prohibition  of  Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as amended (PIT Regulations), the Company has adopted the revised 'Code of Conduct to Regulate, Monitor and Report Trading  by  Insiders'  ('the  Code').  The  Code  is applicable to all Directors, Designated persons and connected  Persons  and  their  immediate  relatives, who  have  access  to  unpublished  price  sensitive information relating to the Company.

The  Company  has  also  formulated  a  'Code  of Practices  and  Procedures  for  Fair  Disclosure  of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI)' in compliance with the PIT Regulations.

The aforesaid Codes are posted on the Company's website and can be accessed by using  web link at: https://www.craftsmanautomation.com/ wp-content/uploads/2021/03/7.-CAL-Code-ofFair-Disclosure-of-UPSI-new.pdf and https:// www.craftsmanautomation.com/wp-content/ uploads/2021/03/6.-CAL-Code-of-Conductunder-SEBI-PIT .pdf

## 42.  STATEMENT REGARDING OPINION OF THE BOARD WITH REGARD TO INTEGRITY, EXPERTISE AND EXPERIENCE (INCLUDING THE  PROFICIENCY)  OF THE INDEPENDENT  DIRECTORS  APPOINTED DURING THE YEAR:

In the opinion of Board of Directors of the Company, Independent  Directors  on  the  Board  of  Company hold  highest  standards  of  integrity  and  are  highly qualified, recognized and respected individuals in  their  respective  fields.  It's  an  optimum  mix  of expertise (including financial expertise), leadership and professionalism.

## 43.  CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION:

As  required  under  Regulation  17(8)  of  the  Listing Regulations,  the  Managing  Director  and  CFO  of the  Company  have  certified  the  accuracy  of  the Financial Statements  and  adequacy  of  Internal Control Systems for financial reporting for the year ended 31 st  March, 2022. The certificate is given in

## Annexure-11.

## 44.  DECLARATION REGARDING COMPLIANCE BY BOARD MEMBERS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL WITH THE COMPANY'S CODE OF CONDUCT:

The  Code  of  Conduct  of  the  Company  aims  at ensuring consistent standards of conduct and ethical business practices across the Company. This Code is reviewed on an annual basis and the latest Code is available on the website of the Company at weblink https://www.craftsmanautomation. com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/10.-CAL-Codeof-Conduct-for-Directors-and-SM.pdf  .  Pursuant  to the  Listing  Regulations,  a  confirmation  from  the Managing Director  regarding  compliance  with  the Code by all the Directors and senior management of the Company is given in Annexure-12.

## 45. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT:

The Annual Report including those which relate to the Directors' Report, Management Discussion and Analysis Report may contain certain statements on the Company's intent expectations or forecasts that appear  to  be  forward-looking  within  the  meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations while  actual  outcomes  may  differ  materially  from what is expressed herein. The Company bears no obligations  to  update  any  such  forward  looking statement.  Some  of  the  factors  that  could  affect the Company's performance could be the demand and  supply  for  Company's  product  and  services, changes in Government regulations, tax laws, forex volatility etc.

## 46.  ACKNOWLEDGEMENT:

The  Directors  take  this  opportunity  to  thank  the shareholders, bankers and the financial institutions for their cooperation and support to the operations and  look  forward  for  their  continued  support  in future. The Directors also thank all the customers, vendor  partners,  and  other  business  associates for  their  continued  support  during  the  year.  The Directors place on record their appreciation for the hard work put in by all employees of the Company.

## For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

## Srinivasan Ravi

| Coimbatore 09.05.2022  Chairman and Managing Director DIN:01257716   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ANNEXURE -1

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS:

Pursuant  to  Schedule V  to  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (SEBI)  (Listing  Obligations  and Disclosure  Requirements)  Regulations,  2015,  a  Management  Discussion  and Analysis  Report  covering business performance and outlook (within limits set by Company's competitive position) is given below:

## A.  INDUSTRY STRUCTURE AND DEVELOPMENT

According  to  IMF  World  economic  Outlook  (Apr2022),  Global  economy  was  on  a  mending  path but had not yet fully recovered from the COVID-19 pandemic,  with  a  significant  divergence  between the  economic  recoveries  of  advanced  economies and emerging market and developing ones.

Economic  damage  from  the Ukraine war will contribute to a significant slowdown  in  global growth in 2022. Even as the war reduces growth, it  will  add  to  inflation.  Fuel  and  food  prices  have increased  rapidly,  with  vulnerable  populations  particularly in low-income countries being the most affected. Elevated inflation will complicate the trade-offs  central  banks  face  between  containing price  pressures and safeguarding growth. Interest rates are expected to rise as central banks tighten policy,  exerting  pressure  on  emerging  market  and developing  economies.  Moreover,  many  countries have  limited  fiscal  policy  space  to  cushion  the impact of the war on their economies. In addition, the conflict adds to the economic strains wrought by the pandemic. Although many parts of the world appear to be moving past the acute phase of the COVID-19  crisis,  deaths  remain  high,  especially among the unvaccinated.

Moreover, recent lockdowns in key manufacturing and trade hubs in China will likely compound supply disruptions  elsewhere.  Global  growth  is  projected to slow from an estimated 6.1% in 2021 to 3.6 % in 2022 and 2023.

The base metal index initially retreated from a 10year high in July 2021, mainly owing to iron ore prices falling  13.8  percent  amid  temporary  restrictions on steel production and slowing construction activity in China

For 2022, inflation is projected at 5.7% in advanced economies  and  8.7%  in  emerging  market  and developing economies

## Indian Economy

According to IMF , GDP of India for 2021 was at 8.9% and  is  projected  at  8.2%  for  2022.  IMF  expects weaker domestic demand owing to higher oil prices will weigh on consumption.

Inflation  continues  to  face  pressure  from  high international commodity prices, including edible oils and metals, which are at decadal highs and crude oil  prices  which  remain  beyond  the  comfort  zone at over ~$70 per barrel. Recent data has indicated firms  passing  on  rising  input  costs  to  consumers despite weak demand conditions.

The lid on overall inflation will be kept by food, as it benefits from the high base of last year. However, the progress of monsoon and impact of rising global food prices will remain a key monitorable. Due to these  factors,  the  CPI  inflation  is  forecasted  to 5.8% for fiscal 2022.

## Automobile Industry in India

In  FY  21-22,  the  passenger  vehicles,  commercial vehicles and three wheeler have witnessed growth compared  to  FY  20-21.  However,  Two  wheeler segment has declined  by  11%.,  hence  there  was an  overall  decline  in  automobile  industry  sales  by 6%. The automobile industry is still recovering from supply challenges and the chip shortage faced during 2021. Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM)  noted  that  the  two-wheeler  dispatches  in last  fiscal  were  the  lowest  in  10  years.  Similarly, passenger vehicle dispatches last fiscal were below 2017-18 and 2018-19 levels.

Steep increase in commodity  prices, precious metals  and  freight  rates  were  putting  additional pressure  on  supply  chain  and  profitability  of  the industry.  Segments  like  commercial  vehicles  and SUVs are seeing improvement in demand, the mass segments like  two-wheelers  and  smaller  cars  are facing serious affordability issues. Overall there was increase in export of automobiles. Indian products are becoming more acceptable world wide for the quality, cost and performance.

## Automobile Industry Outlook

After an unprecedented slowdown across the auto industry  with  domestic  volumes  down  20-60% across  segments  (except  tractors)  over  FY19-21, the industry is expecting a strong cyclical recovery to play out over FY21-25.

## a. Commercial Vehicle (CV)/ Medium &amp; Heavy Commercial Vehicles (MHCV)

MHCV industry volumes are down 62% from the  peak  -  much  higher  than  35-45%  decline seen  during  the  previous  down  cycles.  As  a result, commercial vehicle segment is expected to recover sharply aided by uptick in economic growth,  pick-up  in  private  capex  cycle  and higher  freight  demand  -  28%  volume  CAGR over FY21-25E, which implies that industry will surpass FY19 peak volumes in FY25E.

## b. 2 Wheeler (2W)

2W  industry  demand  has  been  impacted  by affordability issues (35-40% increase in cost of ownership over the last 3 years) and slowdown in  rural  areas  -  post  muted  volumes  in  FY22 (down  11% YoY  and  almost  36%  from  FY19 levels), industry volumes is expected to recover and grow by 17%/10% in FY23E/24E

## c. Passenger Vehicle (PV)

PV demand has been robust aided by preference for  personal  mobility  post  Covid  and  healthy product  launch  pipeline  across  many  OEMs. Experts feel that the chip shortages, which have weighed on production and growth to improve gradually and build in 27%/11% YoY growth in FY23/24E (volumes to cross previous  peak  in FY23E itself).

## Import substitution and higher outsourcing by OEMs in India:

Auto  component  imports  into  India  stood  at  USD 13.8  bn  in  FY21  and  have  been  flat  over  FY16-21 (2.5%  CAGR  in  rupee  terms).  Similar  to  exports, drive transmission, steering and engine components account  for  45-50%  of  imports  while  electrical and  electronic  components  account  for  a  further 10-15%. However, reliance  on  China  is  quite  high with roughly 1/3 rd  of imports are from China; other important countries are South Korea, Germany and Japan. Hence, there is a huge scope for automobile component exports and also increasing substitution of imports in India.

With respect to machining of powertrain components, OEMs  derive several advantages by  outsourcing  vs.  in-house  operations  such  as better productivity, lower lead times, limited capex requirements, flexibility to scale up and scale down production  within  a  short  span,  etc.  Until  now, many OEMs chose to do machining in-house given dearth  of  quality  suppliers  with  sufficient  scale, capabilities  and  cost  competitiveness.  However, with significant changes  happening  in  vehicles (necessitated by regulations such as BS6 emission norms,  CAFÉ  norms,  and  light-weighting),  and emergence  of  quality  suppliers,  OEMs  are  likely to  step  up  outsourcing  of  components  especially as  the  cyclical  recovery  and  new  model  launches gather pace.

## Auto Aluminium Market

Demand for aluminium castings, which are used as part of alloy wheels, has picked up due to an increase in penetration of alloy wheels in two-wheelers and passenger vehicles.

Two-wheelers account for ~70% of the aluminium die casting market, followed by passenger vehicles with  25%  share  and  commercial  vehicles  with  a 4-5%  share  in  value  terms.  Original  equipment manufacturers account for 75-80% of the offtake. Exports account for 15-20%, with the aftermarket comprising the remainder.

Aluminium content in PVs in India is well below global levels. Average aluminium content in a passenger vehicle in India is currently only 50-60 kg vs. 140-210 kg in other regions such as China, Europe and North America. India's average aluminium content is also lower than the aluminium content in A/B segment cars in these regions - 80-110 kg in Europe and 120140 kg in North America. Thus, there is significant scope for aluminium content to increase in Indian PVs  going  ahead  especially  in  products  such  as transmissions,  chassis  and  suspension,  steering parts, closures and trim &amp; interiors.

Scope for increased aluminium usage is even higher in CVs. Average aluminium content in trucks in China is estimated to be 120-130 kg per vehicle with major usage  in  transmission  housings,  fuel  tanks,  gas tanks and heat exchangers. Going forward, usage will  increase  materially  in  body  parts,  structural parts and trailers.

Aluminium content to increase significantly in Electric  Vehicle  (EV)  :  Rising  EV  penetration  will

provide  a  further  fillip  to  aluminium  as  content  in EVs is significantly higher than Internal Combustion Engine  (ICE)  vehicles  -  300-320  kg  vs.140-210  kg in regions like Europe and North America. Transition from ICE to Battery  Electric  Vehicle  (BEV)  leads  to  loss in aluminium content of engine related components (blocks, cylinder heads, cam cover, oil pans, pistons etc.)  and  some transmission and driveline components  (such  as  valve  body,  clutch  housing, transfer case, drive shaft, differential carriers, etc.). However,  the  loss  is  more  than  compensated  by BEV powertrain related components (such as motor housings, reduction gearboxes, housings for some other  components  such  as  inverters/converters/ BMS)  and  platform  components  (closures,  body platforms, etc.).

## Industrial &amp; Engineering Market

India's engineering sector has witnessed a remarkable  growth  over  the  last  few  years  driven by increased investment in infrastructure and industrial production. The engineering sector, being closely  associated  with  the  manufacturing  and infrastructure  sectors,  is  of  strategic  importance to India's economy. India, on its quest to become a  global  superpower,  has  made  significant  stride towards developing its engineering sector.

The  engineering  sector  in  India  attracts  immense interest from foreign players as it enjoys a comparative  advantage  in  terms  of  manufacturing cost, technology, and innovation.  The above, coupled with favourable regulatory policies and growth in the manufacturing  sector,  has  enabled  several  foreign players to invest in India.

Finance Budget 2022 has focused on 'Gati Shakti' to spur the logistics infrastructure - First outlay of C 20,000 Crore for 2022-23. The approach is driven by  seven  engines  i.e.,  roads,  railways,  airports, ports,  mass  transport,  waterways  and  logistics infrastructure.

- Budget is expected to enhance capital expenditure and initiatives to boost digitisation and  domestic  manufacturing.  The  expansion of  the  National  Highway  network  by  25,000 km in 2022-23.
- Development of multimodal logistic parks based on the PPP model
- Building 100 Gati Shakti cargo terminals
- The  unified  logistics  interface  will  strengthen

operational efficiency with just-in-time inventory  management,  real-time  information exchange, reduced logistics cost, infrastructure development, digitisation and technology integration  will  lead  to  superior  productivity gain in the logistics operations

With  growth  in  the  capital  investment  cycle,  the contract  manufacturing  will  see  quantum  leap  in the  next  3-4  years.  Hoist  and  Material  handling products  will  have  good  growth  due  to  improved market situation.

## Storage Solutions Market

The  storage  solutions  industry  broadly  comprises pallets,  racking  solutions  and  shelving  solutions. Shelving solutions are ideal for storage of assorted materials  that  are  handpicked.  Palletised  racking solutions are ideal wherein huge volumes of standard-type products are produced, stored, retrieved and distributed in and out of manufacturing units or warehouses. Pallet Racks provide for manual as well as automated Storage &amp; Retrieval. On the other hand, slotted angle racking, multi-tier racking systems,  etc,  are  suitable  for  manual  retrieval  of assorted materials.

Pallet racking is an essential component of modern warehousing,  manufacturing,  retailing  and  other storage  systems.  Pallet  racks  enable  storage  of materials on pallets, which are easier to use vis-àvis manual operations.

Usage of pallets also makes loading and unloading convenient  through  the  use  of  forklifts,  and  other material  handling  equipment,  which  reduces  time and improves efficiency.

The storage industry grew at a compound annual growth  rate  (CAGR)  of  14-16%  over  fiscals  2016 to  2020. The  industry  marginally  declined  in  fiscal 2021 on account of disruptions due to the Covid-19 pandemic and the  resulting  impact  on  the  supply chains  of  Indian  industries.  Although  going  ahead CRISIL  Research  expects  the  industry  to  log  1921% CAGR over the next three years to reach C 38 billion in fiscal 2024 from C 21 billion in fiscal 2021, on account of incremental ambient warehouse addition and  rise  in  the  share  of  organised  warehousing players due to GST implementation.

The Automated Storage and Retrieval System (ASRS) globally was valued at $7 ,351 million in 2019 and is expected to reach $12,928 million by 2027 - at a 7 .2

percent CAGR between 2020 and 2027 .The Indian market is expected to outperform the global market - it  is  currently moving northward at a 12 percent CAGR.  The  unavailability  of  adequate  manpower and  its  fast-rising  costs  are  driving  the  growth  of automated  storage  and  retrieval  systems  across the  world.  Because  ASRS  including  Vertical  Lift Modules (VLM) offers critical advantages; Occupies smaller floor space optimizing capital commitment, Reduces manpower requirement thereby reducing operating  costs,and  Automation  results  in  faster and more accurate storage and retrieval.

## B. OPPORTUNITIES AND THREATS

## Opportunities

- Leverage  vertically  integrated  manufacturing and engineering capabilities, to tap the growing  opportunities for  aluminium  usage in  the  Automotive  -  Aluminium  Products  and Industrial and Engineering segments
- Increase wallet share and acquire new business by  leveraging  existing  OEM  relationships  and adding new customers
- Growing opportunities in storage solutions -Market to grow driven by warehouse consolidation and the growth across end-user industries such as e-commerce, organized retailing, consumer durables, auto components and pharmaceuticals as well as cold storage industries
- Increases in aluminium material content in vehicles
- Initiatives  by  Government  for  promotion  of automobile industry - Vehicle scrappage policy, CAFÉ norms, BS-VI norms, etc.

## Threats

- Global  economic  tension:  Ukraine-Russia  war and its impact in other economies
- Economic  uncertainty:  Based  on  the  current and future market environment estimates, the base cost of material is expected to be volatile.
- Covid-19 pandemic: The threat of the pandemic continuing  globally,  the  recent  lockdowns  in key manufacturing and trade hubs in China will likely compound supply disruptions
- EVs:  Growth  of  electric  vehicles  in  future  is

an evolution and may impact demand for light and  medium  vehicles  in  the  long  term.  This may also throw up considerable growth in auto aluminium segment.

## C. OUTLOOK

FY  21-22  was  a  challenging  business  year  for all  industries  in  many  ways  and  Craftsman  is  no exception. A relentless focus on cost management, fiscal  prudence,  value  engineering  and  customer partnering  has  enabled  the  Company  to  record a creditable performance demonstrating its 'Engineering Advantage' despite being in a challenging year.

The Company is confident that it can utilise future opportunities and face future challenges with agility in  order  to  meet  the  shareholders'  expectation of  sustainable  growth  and  profitability.  The  key focus areas are:

- Debt reduction and thereby savings in interest cost
- Increasing the Value Addition per product
- To Sustain the EBITDA levels
- Retaining the  existing  Customer  base  and wallet share
- New Products/ Services from Existing Customer
- Enhance profitability in Aluminium and Storage Business
- Enhance the share of non-automotive business

## D. DISCUSSION ON FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE WITH RESPECT TO OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE

The  Highlights  of  the  Company's  performance  is provided below:

- Turnover  grown  by 43% and  stands  at J 2206 Crs. We have registered highest ever Turnover.
- PBT grown by 68% from C 148 Crs to J 248 Crs
- PAT grown by 66% from C 97 Crs to J 160 Crs
- EBITDA has grown by 20% from C 447 Crs to J 539  Crs .  We  have  registered  highest  ever EBITDA in Value
- Capex for the year was  at C 227 Crs to enhance  technological  upgradation  wherever it was required and for addressing the

emerging opportunities apart from regular maintenance capex

## E.  DETAILS  OF  SIGNIFICANT  CHANGES (I.E.  CHANGE  OF  25%  OR  MORE  AS COMPARED TO THE IMMEDIATELY PREVIOUS FINANCIAL  YEAR) IN KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS, ALONG WITH DETAILED  EXPLANATIONS  THEREFORE, INCLUDING:

| Particulars  Unit  FY  2021-22  FY  2020-21  %  Change  Debtors Turnover  Times  8.33  7 .21  16%  Inventory Turnover  Times  4.33  4.34  0%  Interest  Coverage  Ratio*  Times  6.40  4.17  53%  Current Ratio  Times  1.03  0.96  7%  Debt Equity Ratio  Times  0.63  0.72  (13%)  Operating  Profit  Margin (%)  %  15%  16%  (6%)  Net  Profit  Margin  (%)  %  7%  6%  16%  Return  on  Net  Worth*  %  14%  10%  43%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Ratios  *Reason for changes  Interest  Coverage  Ratio  1.  Reduction in  interest  cost  (from  C  107 Crs to  C  84 Crs)  2.  Increase in EBITDA (from 447 Crs  to 539 Crs)  Return  on  Net  Worth  Higher profits   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## F .  SEGMENT-WISE  OR  PRODUCT-WISE PERFORMANCE

| Segment  FY 21-22  FY 20-21  Sales  EBIT  Sales  EBIT  J  Crs  %  J  Crs  %  Automotive  Powertrain  1,154  26%  811  27%  Automotive  Aluminium  440  2%  330  1%  Industrial &amp;  Engineering  612  11%  405  19%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Automotive Powertrain segment

- The  Company  is  into  powertrain  for  major Commercial vehicles, off-highway vehicles, tractors and SUVs.
- Inspite  the  challenging  automobile  business environment, our Company has grown in

Powertrain  segment  by  42%  and  registered highest ever Turnover of C 1,154 Crores

## Automotive Aluminium segment

- India in the coming years will start focusing on the  light  weighting  vehicles  for  better  efficiencies to achieve lesser emissions. Further, the heavier old  generation  vehicles  have  to  comply  with CAFÉ norms by reducing the weight.
- This  will  enhance  more  aluminium  content per vehicle and improve opportunities for Auto Aluminium Segment going forward.

## Industrial &amp; Engineering segment

- The  industrial  &amp;  engineering  segment  is  a well-diversified  business.  The  major  portion is coming from high end products and subassemblies for contract manufacturing and Storage solution business
- Storage Systems is a one-stop solution in for all industrial storage  needs.  The  Company edge's out competition on two key parameters; in-house  manufacturing  makes  the  product economical and allows for customization and a strong  and  well  spread  service  team  ensures that the Company does not rely on third parties to resolve issues - the in-house team provides mechanical, electrical, or software support to its customers 24x7 , resulting in a very low MTTR (Mean Time to Repair).
- V-Store  is  an  ASRS  Vertical  Lift  Module  that was developed in-house and manufactured in Coimbatore. V-Store  has  emerged  as  an  ideal solution for cost-effective and efficient inventory management. The V-Store's value-proposition is reflected in a heartening statistic - with more than 300+machines installed across the Indian landmass, the V-Store is emerging as a strong business and profitability driver.
- The storage solution division has registered a growth of 144% (from C 104 Crs to C 253 Crs) during the year

## G.  INTERNAL  CONTROL  SYSTEMS  AND THEIR ADEQUACY

The  Company  maintains  adequate  and  effective internal  control  systems  commensurate  with  its size  and  complexity.  It  also  ensures  that  they are  recorded  in  all  material  respects  to  permit preparation  of  financial  statements  in  conformity with established accounting principles, along with the assets of the Company being adequately safeguarded against significant misuse or loss.

In  the  opinion  of  the  Management,  the  Company has adequate internal audit and control systems to ensure that all transactions are authorized, recorded and reported correctly. An independent internal audit function is an important element of the Company's internal  control  systems.  This  is  supplemented through  an  extensive  internal  audit  programme and  periodic  review  by  the  management  and  the Audit  Committee.  The  internal  control  systems comprise  extensive  internal  and  statutory  audits. The  Corporate  Governance  practices  instituted  by the Company are discussed in detail in the chapter on Corporate Governance which forms part of the Annual Report.

## H. RISKS AND CONCERNS.

The Risk Committee maintains an active oversight of the risk and the effectiveness of the risk mitigation strategies and plans put in place by the Company.

The  general  slowdown  of  the  economy  due  to disruptions  caused  by  the  pandemic  &amp;  Ukraine war  had  the  effect  of  volatility  in  input  costs  and foreign  exchange.  The  Company  has  appropriate mitigation plans to protect margins while continuing to  grow  and  transform  the  business.  While  the Company's focus on long term strategic drivers and brand building continues, appropriate strategic and pricing interventions as well as cost and efficiency management programmes were undertaken keeping in mind input costs, competitive positioning and product brand strategy.

The Company actively managed its cyber security risk including the impact of greater remote working required during the pandemic by promoting the right behaviors and using tools and processes to protect its information, systems, assets and people against current and emerging cyber security threats.

The  Company  has  a  robust  risk  mitigation  plan to  minimize  identified  risks  through  continuous monitoring and mitigating actions as may be required.

## I. MATERIAL DEVELOPMENTS IN HUMAN RESOURCES  /  INDUSTRIAL  RELATIONS FRONT, INCLUDING NUMBER OF PEOPLE EMPLOYED

Though the second wave has impacted the supply chain  in  Q1  of  FY  21-22,  all  our  plants  have  been functioning normally since Jun-21 once the lockdown opened. Post the easing of lockdown restrictions, there has been a focus on renewing and continuing operations  in  a  safe  and  sustainable  manner.  All Safety  protocols  mandated  by  local  authorities  at the different plant locations have been followed. A much better than expected recovery in demand in the second quarter of the year has been a challenge for operating teams at the plants.

The workforce showed great resilience in the face of  an  unprecedented  pandemic  demonstrating  its ability to adapt to new circumstances.  They ensured that our company was quickly on its way to normalcy and well placed to exploit opportunities in favorable market conditions.

During the year ended 31 st  March 2022, the Company has employed 2058 permanent workmen and staff.

## ANNEXURE - 2

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

[Pursuant to Part C of Schedule V to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015].

The Directors  present  the  Company's  Report  on  Corporate  Governance  for  the  financial  year  2021-22. This  report  elucidates  the  systems  and  processes  followed  by  the  Company  to  ensure  compliance  of corporate governance requirements under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and  Disclosure  Requirements)  Regulations,  2015  (the  'Listing  Regulations')  and  the  Companies  Act, 2013 (' Act').

## I. Company's philosophy:

The  Company's  Philosophy  on  Corporate  Governance  aims  at  the  attainment  of  the  highest  levels  of transparency, accountability and responsibility in all operations and all interactions with its Shareholders, Investors, Lenders, Employees, Government and other Stakeholders. The Company believes that all its operations and actions must serve the underlying goal of enhancing overall shareholder value, consistently over a sustained period of time.

## II. Board of Directors:

## Composition of the Board

The Company has formulated Board Diversity policy to have a competent and highly professional team of Board members. There are six Directors on the Board of the Company having diverse experience and expertise in their respective areas.  The composition of the Board meets the criteria as prescribed in Listing Regulations and the Act.

As on 31 st  March, 2022, the Board members consist of One Executive Chairman and Managing Director who is Promoter of the Company, One Whole Time Director, One Additional Director in the Category of Independent Director on the Board and Three Independent Directors including One Non-Executive Women Independent Director.

In terms of the provisions of the Act, and the Listing Regulations, the Directors of the Company submit necessary  disclosures  regarding  the  positions  held  by  them  on  the  Board  and/  or  the  Committees  of other companies with changes therein, if any, on a periodical basis. On the basis of such disclosures, it is confirmed that as on 31 st  March, 2022, none of the Directors on the Board holds Directorship position in  more  than  20  (twenty)  companies  [including  10  (ten)  public  limited  companies  and  7  (seven)  listed companies];  holds  Executive  Director  position  and  serves  as  an  Independent  Director  in  more  than  3 (three)  listed  companies;  and    is  a  member  of  more  than  10  (ten)  Committees  (Audit  Committee  and the Stakeholders Relationship Committee) and/or Chairperson of more than 5 (five) Committees (Audit Committee and the Stakeholders Relationship Committee) across all the Indian Public Limited Companies in which he/ she is a Director pursuant to Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations.

None of the Directors have attained the age of Seventy-five (75) years.

The  Board  is  of  the  opinion  that  Independent  Directors  fulfil  conditions  specified  under  the  Listing Regulations and are independent of the management of the Company.

## Meetings and attendance

During  the  financial  year  2021-22,  Six  Board  Meetings  were  held  on  05 th May,  2021,  14 th July,  2021, 15 th  September, 2021, 18 th  October, 2021, 24 th  January, 2022 and 19 th  March, 2022. The composition of the Board, attendance at the Board Meetings during the year ended on 31 st  March, 2022 and the last Annual General Meeting and also the number of other directorships and Committee memberships are given below:

| S.  no  Name of Directors  and Designation  Category of Directorship  Date of  Appointment  Number of shares held in the  Company  No. of Board Meetings  attended (From 01.04.2021  to 31.03.2022-Total Meetings  held - 6)  Attendance at  Last AGM  No. of other Directorships*  held in Public Companies  No. of Mem-  bership (M)/  Chairmanship  (C) in other  Board  Commit-  tee(s)**  Member  Chairman  1.  Mr.Srinivasan Ravi,  Chairman and  Managing Director  Promoter,  Executive  Director  18-07-1986  1,05,00,000  6  Yes  1  1  0  2.  Mr.Ravi Gauthamram,  Whole Time Director  Executive  Director  20-02-2014  200  6  Yes  1  0  0  3.  Mr.Chandrashekhar  Madhukar Bhide  Independent Director  Non-Executive  Independent  Director  31-01-2011  -  6  Yes  1  2  2  4.  Mr.Sundararaman  Kalyanaraman  Independent Director  Non-Executive  Independent  Director  30-06-2017  -  6  Yes  1  2  0  5.  Mrs.Vijaya Sampath  Independent Director  Non-Executive  Independent  Director  30-04-2018  -  6  Yes  8  7  1  6.  Mr.Tamraparni  Srinivasan Venkata  Rajagopal ^  Additional  Director  19-03-2022  -  1  Not  Applicable  1  1  0  7 .  Mr.Udai Dhawan  Non-Executive Non-  Independent Director #  Non-Executive  Director  25-11-2016  -  4  No  -  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  In accordance with the provisions of the Listing Regulations, directorships held in Private Limited and Foreign Companies have been excluded. Directorship in listed entities including Craftsman Automation Limited are shown. For Mr. Udai Dhawan the Company has not included this Company under 'No of Other Directorship held in Public Companies' for him, and also No of Membership/ Chairmanship in other Board Committees. Since he is not a Director as on 31 st  March, 2022.

**  In  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  Listing  Regulations,  2015,  memberships/  chairpersonships  of  only  Audit  Committee and Stakeholders' Relationship Committee in all public limited companies including Craftsman Automation Limited have been considered.

^ Appointed as an Additional Director w.e.f.19 th  March, 2022.

# Resigned as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director from the Board w.e.f. 19 th  March, 2022.

The  names  of  the  listed  entities  other  than  Craftsman  Automation  Limited  in  which  Directors  of  the Company hold directorship and category thereof, as at 31 st  March, 2022, are furnished below:

| Sl.  No.  Name of the Director  Name of the listed entity in which  Directorship held  Category of Directorship  1.  Mrs.Vijaya Sampath  Ingersoll-Rand (India) Limited  Eris Lifesciences Limited  Safari Industries (India) Limited  Varroc Engineering Limited  Va Tech Wabag Limited  Intellect Design Arena Limited  Non-Executive Independent Director  Non-Executive Independent Director  Non-Executive Independent Director  Non-Executive Independent Director  Non-Executive Independent Director  Non-Executive Independent Director   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Disclosure of relationship between directors inter-se:

Mr.Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman and Managing Director and Mr.Ravi Gauthamram, Whole Time Director are related to each other. No other Directors are related.

## Shareholding of Non-Executive Directors:

Details of shares held by the Non-executive directors of the Company are as under:

| Sr.  No.  Name of the  Non-Executive Director  No. of equity shares  held in the Company  No. of convertible instruments  held in the Company  1.  Mr.Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide  NIL  There is no convertible  instruments issued by  the Company.  2.  Mr.Sundararaman Kalyanaraman  3.  Mrs.Vijaya Sampath  4.  Mr.Tamraparni  Srinivasan  Venkata  Rajagopal ^  5.  Mr.Udai Dhawan #   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^  Appointed as Additional Director in the category of Independent Director w.e.f.19 th  March, 2022.

#  Resigned as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director from the Board w.e.f. 19 th  March, 2022.

## Familiarisation programmes:

The Company familiarises its Independent Directors with regard to their role, rights, responsibilities in the Company, nature of the Industry, the business models of the Company etc. and the details of the familiarisation  programme  are  available  on  the  website  of  the  Company  at  https://www.craftsmanautomation. com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Familiarisation-Programme\_Website.pdf.

## Certificate of Non Disqualification of Directors from Practicing Company Secretary:

In terms of the Listing Regulations, 2015, KSR &amp; Co., Company Secretaries LLP , Company Secretaries, has issued a certificate  that  none  of  the  Directors  on  the  Board  of  the  Company  have  been  debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of the Companies by SEBI / Ministry of Corporate Affairs  or  any  other  statutory  authority. The  certificate  forms  part  of  Corporate  Governance Report and is given in Annexure-A.

## Declaration of Independence

All the Independent Directors have submitted a declaration of independence, stating that they meet the criteria of independence provided under section 149(6) of the Act, as amended, and regulation 16(1)(b) and 25 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The Independent Directors have also confirmed compliance with the provisions of Rule 6 of Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, as amended, relating to inclusion of their name in the databank of independent directors maintained by Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs.

## Chart/Matrix Setting Out the Skills/Expertise/Competence of The Board of Directors:

A chart/ matrix setting out the core skills/ expertise/ competencies identified by the Board of Directors in  the  context  of  the  Company's  businesses  and  sectors  as  required  for  it  to  function  effectively  and those actually available with the Board along with skills / expertise / competence, possessed by the Board members, are given as below:

Mapping of the skills / expertise / competence actually available with the Board along with the names of Directors, is given below:

| Skills/Expertise/Competence  Mr. Srinivasan. Ravi  Mr.Ravi  Gauthamram  Mr.Chandrashekhar  Madhukar Bhide  Mr.Sundararaman  Kalyanaraman  Mrs.Vijaya  Sampath  Mr.Tamraparni  Srinivasan Venkata  Rajagopal  Industry Knowledge/experience  Industry experience  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  No  No  Knowledge of sector  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  No  Yes  Knowledge of broad public policy direction  Yes  Yes  No  Yes  Yes  Yes  Understanding of government legislation/legislative process  Yes  Yes  No  Yes  Yes  Yes  Technical Skills/experience  Accounting  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Finance  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Law  Yes  Yes  No  No  Yes  Yes  Marketing experience  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  No  No  Information Technology  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  No  No  Public relations  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Experience in developing and implementing risk management  systems  Yes  Yes  No  Yes  No  No  Human resources management  Yes  Yes  No  Yes  No  No  CEO/Senior management experience  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  No  Strategy development and implementation  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Governance competencies  Director  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Financial Literacy  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Strategic thinking/planning from a governance perspective  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Executive performance management - management of the  CEO  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  No  Governance related risk management experience  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Compliance focus  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Profile/reputation  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Behavioural competencies  Team Player/collaborative  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Ability and willingness to challenge and probe  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Common sense and sound judgement  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Integrity and high ethical standards  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Mentoring abilities  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Interpersonal relations  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Listening skills  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Verbal communication skills  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Understanding of effective decision-making processes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Willingness and ability to devote time and energy to the role  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Independent Directors:

Independent Directors play a pivotal role in maintaining a transparent working environment in the Company. They provide valuable outside perspective to the deliberations of the Board and contribute significantly to the decision-making process. They help the Company in improving corporate credibility and governance standards. They bring an element of objectivity to the board processes and deliberations.

As per clause 7 of the schedule IV of the Act (Code for Independent Directors) read with Regulation 25(3) of the Listing Regulations, 2015, a separate meeting of Independent Directors of the Company without the attendance of Non-Independent Directors for the financial year 2021-22, was held on 18 th  March, 2022.

The Composition and attendance of Independent Directors meeting are given below:

| Sl.  No.  Name of the Member  No. of Meetings held  No. of Meetings attended  1.  Mr.Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide  1  1  2.  Mr.Sundararaman Kalyanaraman  1  1  3.  Mrs.Vijaya Sampath  1  1  4.  Mr.Tamraparni Srinivasan Venkata Rajagopal ^  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^  Appointed as an Additional Director in the category of Independent Director w.e.f.19 th  March, 2022.

During the year, no Independent director has resigned before the expiry of his/her tenure.

## III. Audit Committee:

The role and terms of reference of the Audit Committee cover the areas mentioned under Regulation 18 (3) the of Listing Regulations and Section 177 of the Act, besides other terms as may be referred to by the Board of Directors from time to time.

During the financial year 2021-22, the Audit Committee met four times during the year i.e. 05 th  May, 2021, 14 th July 2021, 18 th  October, 2021 and 24 th  January, 2022.

The composition and attendance of Audit Committee meetings are given below:

| Sl.  No.  Name of the Member  Category  No. of Meetings  held  No. of Meetings  attended  1.  Mr.Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide  Non-Executive Independent Director  Chairman  4  4  2.  Mr.Sundararaman Kalyanaraman  Non-Executive Independent Director  Member  4  4  3.  Mrs.Vijaya Sampath  Non-Executive Independent Director  Member  4  4  4.  Mr.Udai Dhawan*  Non-Executive Non- Independent Director  Member  4  3  5.  Mr.Tamraparni Srinivasan Venkata Rajagopal  Additional Director #  Member  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Resigned as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director from the Board w.e.f. 19 th  March, 2022.

#  Appointed as Additional Director w.e.f 19 th  March, 2022

The Company Secretary is also Secretary to the Audit Committee.

There has been no instance, where the Board has not accepted any recommendation of Audit Committee.

## IV. Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

The role and terms of reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee cover the areas mentioned under Regulation 19 (4) of the Listing Regulations, 2015 and Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules framed thereunder.

During  the  financial  year  2021-2022,  Nomination  and  Remuneration  Committee  met  two  times  on 05 th  May, 2021 and 18 th  March, 2022.

The composition and attendance of Nomination and Remuneration Committee meetings are given below:

| Sl.  No.  Name of the Member  Category  No. of Meetings  held  No. of Meetings attended  1.  Mrs.Vijaya Sampath  Non-Executive Independent Director  Chairperson  2  2  2.  Mr.Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide  Non-Executive Independent Director  Member  2  2  3.  Mr.Sundararaman Kalyanaraman  Non-Executive Independent Director  Member  2  2   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company Secretary is also Secretary to the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.

## Performance evaluation criteria for Independent Directors:

In terms of Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 19 read with Schedule II to the Listing Regulations, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee has laid down the criteria for performance evaluation of the Board as a whole, its Committees and individual Directors. Based thereon, the evaluation was carried out by the Board.

The  criteria  for  performance  evaluation  forms  part  of  the  Nomination  and  Remuneration  Policy  of  the Company, which is placed on the Company's website at www.craftsmanautomation.com.

## V. Remuneration of Directors:

## Pecuniary Relationship of Non-Executive Directors

The Company has no pecuniary relationship or transaction with its Non-Executive and Independent Directors other than payment of sitting fees to them for attending Board and committee meetings and commission as approved by members and Board for their invaluable services to the Company.

## i. Non-Executive Directors:

The  Non-Executive  Director(s)  of  the  Company  are  remunerated  in  two  ways  viz.,  sitting  fees  and commission. Sitting fees is paid to the Non-Executive Directors for attending the meetings of Board of Directors, Committees of Board of Directors and other meetings of Directors at the rate of C 50,000/- and C 35,000/- respectively per meeting.

In addition to the sitting fees, Commission, as approved by the Shareholders at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on 30 th  April, 2018 of C 1,50,000 per calendar quarter per Non-Executive Directors subject to the total annual commission exclusive of applicable GST thereon, if any, to all the Non- Executive Directors shall not exceed 1% of the net profit of the Company during any financial year calculated in accordance with provisions of the Act.

## Criteria of making payments to Non-Executive Directors:

Criteria of making payments to Non-Executive Directors are as per the nomination and remuneration policy of the Company and the same is available at web link: https://www.craftsmanautomation.com/wp-content/ uploads/2019/05/3.-CAL -Nomination-Remuneration-and-Board-Evaluation-Policy.pdf

## ii. Executive Directors:

The  two  Executive  Directors  (Chairman  and  Managing  Director  and  Whole-time  Director)  are  paid remuneration  as  decided  by  the  Board  of  Directors  on  the  recommendation  of  the  Nomination  and Remuneration Committee of the Board, with the approval of the Shareholders and other necessary approvals.

## iii. Details of remuneration paid to the Directors for the year ended 31 st  March, 2022. ( C In Lakhs)

| Sr.no  Name of Directors  and Designation  Category of  Directorship  Salary  Commission  Sitting  Fees  Others  Total  1.  Mr.Srinivasan Ravi,  Chairman and  Managing Director  Promoter,  Executive Director  395  573  -  -  967  2.  Mr.Ravi Gauthamram,  Whole Time Director  Executive Director  60  142  -  2  205  3.  Mr.Chandrashekhar  Madhukar Bhide  Independent Director  Non-Executive  Independent Director  -  6  6  -  12  4.  Mr.Sundararaman  Kalyanaraman  Independent Director  Non-Executive  Independent Director  -  6  6  -  12  5.  Mrs.Vijaya Sampath  Independent Director  Non-Executive  Independent Director  -  6  5  -  11   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contd..

| Sr.no  Name of Directors  and Designation  Category of  Directorship  Salary  Commission  Sitting  Fees  Others  Total  6.  Mr.Tamraparni  Srinivasan Venkata  Rajagopal ^  Additional Director  Non-Executive  Independent Director  -  0  1  -  1  7 .  Mr.Udai Dhawan  Director  #  Non-Executive Non-  Independent Director  -  6  4  -  10   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^  Appointed as Additional Director w.e.f 19 th  March, 2022.

# Resigned as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director from the Board w.e.f. 19 th  March, 2022.

 There are no stock options available/ issued to any non-executive Directors of the Company.

 The Company has not granted any stock options to the directors and hence, it does not form part of the remuneration package payable to any Director. During the year, the Company did not advance any loan to any director.

## iv. Details of Service contracts, notice period, severance fees etc

| Name  Service Contracts  Notice period and severance fees  Stock Option details  Mr. Srinivasan Ravi  NIL  NIL  NIL  Mr. Ravi Gauthamram  NIL  NIL  NIL   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## VI. Stakeholders Relationship Committee:

In compliance with Section 178(5) of the Act and Regulation 20 read with Part D of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, the Committee has been formed to specifically focus on the services to shareholders/ investors.

During the financial year 2021-22, Stakeholders Relationship Committee met once on 24 th  January, 2022.

The composition of and attendance at Stakeholders Relationship Committee meetings are given below:

| Sr.  No.  Name of the Member  Category  No. of Meetings  held  No. of Meetings attended  1.  Mr.Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide  Non-Executive Independent Director  Chairman  1  1  2.  Mr.Srinivasan Ravi  Chairman and Managing Director  Member  1  1  3.  Mr.Sundararaman Kalyanaraman  Non-Executive Independent Director  Member  1  1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Mr. Shainshad Aduvanni is the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company,

The Company Secretary is also Secretary to the Stakeholders Relationship Committee.

During the year 2021-22, following complaints were received from shareholders and investors. All the complaints have been resolved to the satisfaction of the complainants.

The number of complaints received, disposed of and pending during the year are as under:

| Sr.No.  Particulars  No. of Complaints  1.  Pending at the beginning of the year  NIL  2.  Compliant Received during the year  3  3.  Disposed of during the year  3  4.  Remaining unresolved at the end of the year  NIL   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## VII. Risk Management Committee:

As required under Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations, the Risk Management Committee has been constituted  with  majority  of  Board  of  Directors  and  one  Independent  Director  as  its  members. The Committee was constituted on 5 th  May, 2021.

The role and terms of reference of the Risk Management Committee cover the areas mentioned under Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations, 2015 and provisions of the Act read with rules framed thereunder.

The  Risk  Management  Committee  monitors,  reviews  the  risk  management  plan  of  the  Company  and performs such other functions as mandated by the Board of Directors.

During the financial year 2021-22, the Risk Management Committee met twice on 25 th  September, 2021 and 18 th  March, 2022.

The composition and attendance at the Risk Management Committee meetings are given below:

| Sl.  No.  Name of the Member  Category  No. of Meetings held  No. of Meetings attended  1.  Mr.Srinivasan Ravi  Executive Director  Chairman  2  2  2.  Mr. Ravi Gauthamram  Executive Director  Member  2  2  3.  Mr.Sundararaman Kalyanaraman  Non-Executive Independent Director  Member  2  2  4.  Mr.C.B.Chandrasekar  Chief Financial Officer  Member  2  2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## VIII. General Body Meetings:

Details of the Annual General Meeting(s) (AGM) of the Company held during the preceding three years are tabulated below:

| Year  Type  Location  Date  Time  Special Resolutions passed in the AGM by  the Shareholders  2019  AGM  No.1078, IVth Floor, Senthel  Towers,  Avanashi  Road,  Coimbatore - 641 018.  25.06.2019  02.30 P .M  No Special Resolutions were passed  2020  AGM  No.1078, IVth Floor, Senthel  Towers,  Avanashi  Road,  Coimbatore - 641 018.  20.05.2020  03.00 P .M  No Special Resolutions were passed  2021  AGM  Through Video Conference  21.06.2021  04.00 P .M  1.  Re-appointment  of  Mr.Srinivasan  Ravi,  (DIN:  01257716)  as  Chairman  and  Managing  Director  of  the  Company  for  a  period  of  5  years  with  effect  from  1 st  October, 2021.  2.  Re-appointment of Mr.Ravi Gauthamram,  (DIN: 06789004) as Whole Time Director  of  the  Company  for  a  period  of  five  (5)  years with effect from 1 st  October, 2021.  3.  Appointment  of  Mr.Udai  Dhawan,  (DIN:  03048040)  as  Non-Executive  Director  of  the Company.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Extra Ordinary General Meetings held during the year 2021-22 is: NIL

No special resolution was required to be put through postal ballot during the year 2021-22.

No special resolution is proposed to be conducted through postal ballot.

## IX. Means of Communication:

The  quarterly  and  annual  financial  results  are  published  in  the  leading  English  newspaper 'The  Hindu BusinessLine ' and Tamil newspaper 'Dinamani' . The said results are promptly furnished to the Stock Exchanges for display on their respective websites and also displayed on the Company's website.

## X. General Shareholder Information:

| a  Date, Time  and  Venue  of  the  Annual  General  Meeting  17 th  June, 2022, 4.00 PM IST &amp; through Video Conferencing (VC) /  Other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM)  b  Financial year 1 st  April 2022 to 31 st  March 2023  Will be published on or before (tentative and subject to change):  Result for Quarter ending 30 th  June, 2022  On or before 14 th  August, 2022  Result for Quarter ending 30 th  September, 2022  On or before 14 th  November, 2022  Result for Quarter ending 31 st  December, 2022  On or before 14 th  February, 2023  Result for Quarter ending 31 st  March, 2023  On or before 30 th  May, 2023  c  Dividend Record Date  Dividend payment date  Friday, 10 th  June,2022  Will  be  paid  within  30  days  from  the  date  of  approval  at  the  36  th  AGM.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- d The name and address of each stock exchange(s) at which the listed entity's securities are listed and a confirmation about payment of annual listing fee to each of such stock exchange:
- a) The Company's Equity Shares are listed on the following Stock Exchanges:
- i) BSE Limited, P .J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001.
- ii) National Stock Exchange of India Limited, Exchange Plaza, 5 th  Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051.
- b) Company's Equity Shares are traded in Group ' A ' category in BSE Limited.
- c) The Company has paid the Listing Fees for the year 2021-22 and 2022-23 to BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited where the Company's equity shares are listed.

| ## e Stock Code  BSE: 543276  NSE: CRAFTSMAN  ISIN: INE00LO01017   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|

f

Stock market price data- high, low during each month in last financial year:

| Month  BSE  NSE  High (C  )  Low (C  )  High (C  )  Low (C  )  April 2021  1488.00  1115.00  1488.95  1245.00  May 2021  1737 .20  1265.00  1738.00  1291.75  June 2021  1852.40  1649.50  1854.90  1648.50  July 2021  2176.95  1756.95  2176.00  1761.35  August 2021  2073.50  1825.00  2073.45  1834.80  September 2021  2242.35  1822.00  2242.00  1919.50  October 2021  2714.00  2051.95  2710.00  2049.50  November 2021  2772.80  2139.50  2778.00  2130.00  December 2021  2341.00  2067 .70  2347 .35  2075.25  January 2022  2446.20  1905.00  2449.00  1901.10  February 2022  2262.65  1845.00  2264.00  1840.00  March 2022  2390.00  1901.90  2389.95  1900.00   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| ## g Share Performance v/s BSE Sensex and CNX Nifty  Month  BSE Closing Price  (in  D  )  NSE Closing Price  (in  D  )  Closing BSE Sensex  Closing CNX Nifty  April 2021  1344.10  1345.60  48782.36  14631.10  May 2021  1707 .35  1706.95  51937 .44  15582.80  June 2021  1777 .75  1775.40  52482.71  15721.50  July 2021  2001.75  2003.50  52586.84  15763.05  August 2021  1932.15  1930.05  57552.39  17132.20  September 2021  2109.60  2109.75  59126.36  17618.15  October 2021  2630.60  2628.90  59306.93  17671.65  November 2021  2273.70  2272.05  57064.87  16983.20  December 2021  2265.95  2260.95  58253.82  17354.05  January 2022  2044.55  2044.40  58014.17  17339.85  February 2022  1994.80  1997 .30  56247 .28  16793.90  March 2022  2356.20  2358.40  58568.51  17464.75   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

- h There was no suspension from trading in equity shares of the Company during the year 2021-22.

## i Registrar to an issue and share transfer agents

The Company has appointed Link Intime India Private Limited as Registrar and Share  Transfer Agent (RTA). Shareholders / Investors / Depository Participants are requested to send all their documents and communications pertaining to both physical and demat shares to the RTA at the following address:

## Link Intime India Private Limited

Surya 35, Mayflower Avenue, Behind Senthil Nagar, Sowripalayam Road, Coimbatore - 641 28. Tel: 0422- 2314792 Email id: coimbatore@linkintime.co.in

## j Share transfer system

In terms of the Listing Regulations, securities of listed companies can only be transferred in dematerialised form with effect from 1 st  April, 2019. In view of the same, the entire share capital of the Company is in dematerialised form. The shares can be transferred by shareholders through their Depository Participants.

| - k Distribution of shareholding as on 31 st  March, 2022:  S.No  No. of Shares held  No. of Share-  holders  % of Sharehold-  ers  No. of Shares  held  % of Shareholding  1.  Up to 500  60086  99.48  884900  4.19  2.  501 to 1000  133  0.22  102290  0.48  3.  1001 to 2000  67  0.11  98017  0.46  4.  2001 to 3000  20  0.03  52952  0.25  5.  3001 to 4000  9  0.01  32177  0.15  6.  4001 to 5000  12  0.01  55382  0.26  7 .  5001 to 10000  22  0.03  165391  0.78  8.  10001 and above  51  0.08  19737202  93.42  TOTAL  60400  100.00  21128311  100.00  l Dematerialisation of shares and liquidity  As on 31 st  March, 2022 100.00% of the Company's Equity Shares have been dematerialised.  m Outstanding global depository receipts (GDR) or American depository receipts (ADR) or warrants or any convertible instruments,  conversion  date  and  likely  impact  on  equity  shares  as  on  31 st   March,  2022: The  Company  has  no outstanding GDR / ADR / Warrants or any Convertible Instruments.  n Commodity Price Risk or Foreign Exchange Risk and Hedging Activities:  - i. Risk management policy of the listed entity with respect to commodities including through hedging: The Company does not have any significant exposure to commodity price risk.  - ii. Exposure of the Company to commodity and commodity risks faced by the entity throughout the year: a) Total exposure of the listed entity to commodities in C : Nil.  b) Exposure of the listed entity to various commodities:  Commodity  Name  Exposure in  D  towards  the particu-  lar commod-  ity  Exposure  in Quantity  terms towards  the particular  commodity  % of such exposure hedged through commodity  derivatives  Total  Domestic market  International market  OTC  Exchange  OTC  Exchange  NA  NA  NA  NA  NA  NA  NA  NA  - o Plant locations:  -  Unit 2 Kurichi, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  -  Unit 3 Headquarter, Arasur, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  -  Unit 2 Sanaswadi, Pune, Maharashtra  -  Unit 3 Sanaswadi, Pune, Maharashtra  -  Unit 4 Pimple Jagtap, Pune, Maharashtra  -  Pithampur Unit, Madhya Pradesh  -  Jamshedpur Unit, Jharkhand  -  Unit 1 Ballabgarh, Faridabad, Haryana  -  Unit 2 Ballabgarh, Faridabad, Haryana  -  Unit 1 Bengaluru, Karnataka.  -  Unit 2 Bengaluru, Karnataka    Sriperumbudur - Unit 1, Chennai, Tamil Nadu  p  Address for correspondence  The Registered Office:  Mr.Shainshad Aduvanni  Company Secretary &amp; Compliance Officer  'Senthel Towers, 1078, IVth Floor,  Avanashi Road,  Coimbatore - 641 018. Tamil Nadu.  CIN: L28991TZ1986PLC001816  Website: https://www.craftsmanautomation.com/  Email id: investor@craftsmanautomation.com  q Credit Ratings: CRISIL Ratings Limited vide their letter dated 18 th  June, 2021 has upgraded the credit rating assigned to Loan facilities from BBB+ / Stable to A/Stable and Short Term loans from A2 to A1.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## XI. Other Disclosures:

- There were no materially significant related party transactions that would have potential conflict with the interests of the Company at large. Details of related party transactions are given in note number 3.5 of the standalone financial statements of the Annual Report.
- No penalty or strictures have been imposed on the Company by any Stock Exchange or Securities and Exchange Board of India or any Statutory Authority on any matter related to capital markets during the last three years.
- A Whistle Blower Policy is adopted by the Company, the whistle blower mechanism is in vogue and no personnel has been denied access to the Audit Committee.
- All the mandatory requirements have been duly complied with and certain discretionary disclosure requirements were undertaken.
- The Company's Policy relating to determination of Material Subsidiaries is available at the Company website at web  link: https://www.craftsmanautomation.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/8.-CAL Policy-for-determining-Material-Subsidiaries.pdf
- The policy of the Company relating to Related Party  Transaction is available at the Company's website at web link: https://www.craftsmanautomation.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/11.-CAL -RPT-Policy.pdf .
- The Company does not have any significant exposure to commodity price risk. Hence, the Company is not undertaking any commodity hedging activities.
- The Company has not raised any funds through preferential allotment or qualified institutional placement as specified under Regulation 32 (7A) of Listing Regulations..
- A certificate from a Company Secretary in Practice that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company  have  been  debarred  or  disqualified  from  being  appointed  or  continuing  as  Directors  of Companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India / Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority has been obtained and is annexed to this report.
- During the year under review, the recommendations made by the different Committees have been accepted by the Board and there were no instances where the Board of Directors had not accepted any recommendation of the Committees.
- The Company has paid a sum of C 64.00 Lakhs as fees on consolidated basis to the Statutory auditors and all entities in the network firm / entity of which the Statutory auditors is a part for the services rendered by them.
- As per the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, the Company has constituted an Internal Complaints Committee. During the year 2021-22, no complaints were received by the Committee.
- XII. All the requirements of corporate governance report of sub paragraphs (2) to (10) Para C of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations has been duly complied with.
- XIII. Adoption of discretionary requirements specified in Part E of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations:

| Sr.  No  Requirements specified in Part E of Schedule II  Adoption by the Company  1.  The Board:  A  non-executive  chairperson  may  be  entitled  to  maintain a Chairperson's office at the listed entity's  expense  and  also  allowed  reimbursement  of  expenses incurred in performance of his duties.  The Company does not have a non-executive Chairman.  2.  Shareholder Rights:  A  half-yearly  declaration  of  financial  performance  including summary of the significant events in last  six-months,  may  be  sent  to  each  household  of  shareholders  As the quarterly and half yearly financial performance along with  significant events are published in the newspapers and are also  posted on the Company's website, the same are not being sent  to the shareholders.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 3. Modified opinion(s) in audit report: The  listed  entity  may  move  towards  a  regime  of financial statements with unmodified audit opinion  The  Company  has  submitted  a  declaration  with  the  stock exchanges  that  the  Statutory  Auditors  of  the  Company  have issued Audit Report on Audited Financial Results for year ended 31 st  March, 2022 with unmodified opinion.  4. Separate posts of Chairperson and the Managing Director or the Chief Executive Officer  The  listed  entity  may  appoint  separate  persons to  the  post  of  the  Chairperson  and  the  Managing Director or the Chief Executive Officer, such that the Chairperson shall -  - (a) be a non-executive director; and  - (b)   not  be  related  to  the  Managing  Director  or  the Chief  Executive  Officer  as  per  the  definition  of the term 'relative' defined under the Companies Act, 2013.  Separation of Chairperson and Managing  Director is not mandatory  as  per  SEBI  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure Requirements) (Second Amendment) Regulations, 2022.  5. Reporting of Internal Auditor: The Internal auditor may report directly to the Audit Committee  The Internal Auditors of the Company report directly to the Audit Committee   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

XIV. Details  of  information  on  appointment  and  re-appointment  of  Directors  forms  part  of  the  Notice convening the 36 th  Annual General Meeting.

- XV. The Disclosures of the Compliance with Corporate Governance requirements specified in Regulation 17  to  27  and  clauses  (b)  to  (i)  of  Sub-Regulation  (2)  of  Regulation  46  of  the  Listing  Regulations are as follows:

| Regulation  Particulars of Regulation  Compliance Status  (Yes/No)  17  Board of Directors  Yes  17A  Maximum Number of Directorships  Yes  18  Audit Committee  Yes  19  Nomination and Remuneration Committee  Yes  20  Stakeholders Relationship Committee  Yes  21  Risk Management Committee  Yes  22  Vigil Mechanism  Yes  23  Related Party Transactions  Yes  24  Corporate  Governance  requirements  with  respect  to  subsidiary  of  listed  entity  Yes  24A  Secretarial Audit and Secretarial Compliance Report  Yes  25  Obligations with respect to Independent Directors  Yes  26  Obligation with respect to Directors and senior management  Yes  27  Other Corporate Governance requirements  Yes  46(2)(b) to (i)  Website  Yes   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Srinivasan Ravi DIN:01257716

Chairman and Managing Director

Coimbatore 09.05.2022

Chairman and Managing Director

Coimbatore 09.05.2022

## ANNEXURE - A

## CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

## (PURSUANT TO REGULATION 34(3) AND SCHEDULE V - PARA C CLAUSE (10)(I) OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015)

To

The Members,

Craftsman Automation Limited,

'Senthel Towers', IV Floor

1078, Avanashi Road

Coimbatore - 641 018

We  have  examined  the  relevant  registers,  records,  forms,  returns  and  disclosures  received  from  the Directors of Craftsman Automation Limited having CIN L28991TZ1986PLC001816 and having its registered office  at  'Senthel Towers',  IV  Floor  1078, Avanashi  Road  Coimbatore  -  641  018  (hereinafter  referred  to as 'the Company'), produced before me/us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V- Para C Sub-clause 10(i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

In our opinion and to the best of my/our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company &amp; its officers, We hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ended on 31 st  March 2022 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs:

| S No  Name of the Director  DIN  Date of appointment/ re-appoint-  ment in the Company  1  Mr. Srinivasan Ravi  01257716  18.07 .1986/01.10.2021  2  Mr. Ravi Gauthamram  06789004  20.02.2014/01.10.2021  3  Mr. Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide  00027967  31.01.2011/24.05.2018  4  Mrs. Vijaya Sampath  00641110  30.04.2018  5  Mr. Sundararaman Kalyana Raman  01252878  30.06.2017  6  Mr. Tamraparni Srinivasan Venkatarajagopal #  07148250  19.03.2022  7  Mr. Udai Dhawan*  03048040  25.11.2016/21.06.2021   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

#  Appointed as Additional Director w.e.f 19 th  March, 2022.

* Resigned as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director w.e.f 19 th  March, 2022

Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For KSR &amp; Co Company Secretaries LLP

Dr. C. V. Madhusudhanan Partner FCS: 5367; CP: 4408 UDIN: F005367D000288641

## ANNEXURE - 3

## CERTIFICATE ON COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS UNDER SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015

To The Members, Craftsman Automation Limited, 'Senthil Towers' IV Floor, 1078, Avanashi Road, Coimbatore - 641 018

We have examined documents, books, papers, minutes, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by  the  Company  and  all  the  relevant  records  for  certifying  the  compliance  of  conditions  of  Corporate Governance by Craftsman Automation Limited (CIN L28991TZ1986PLC001816) (the Company) for the year ended 31 st  March, 2022, as stipulated in Regulation 34 (3) read with Para E of Schedule V of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

## Management's Responsibility

The  compliance  of  conditions  of  Corporate  Governance  is  the  responsibility  of  the  management. The management  along  with  the  Board  of  Directors  are  responsible  in  implementation  and  maintenance of  internal  control  and  procedures  to  ensure  compliance  with  conditions  of  corporate  governance  as stated in the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015.

## Our Responsibility

Our examination was limited to implementation of the conditions thereof and adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance as stipulated under Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for the period from 1 st  April, 2021 to 31 st  March, 2022. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

## Our Opinion

In  our  opinion  and  to  the  best  of  our  information  and  according  to  the  explanations  given  to  us,  and representations made by the management, we certify that the Company, to the extent applicable, has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27 , clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and Para C, D and E of Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For KSR &amp; Co Company Secretaries LLP

| Dr. C. V. Madhusudhanan Partner FCS: 5367; CP: 4408 UDIN: F005367D000288672  Coimbatore 09.05.2022   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ANNEXURE - 4

## ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES

## 1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company:

Craftsman Automation Limited (CAL) as a corporate citizen and enterprise believes that businesses are built around strong social background and inclusive growth and it is bounden duty of the business to support the society, though voluntarily, in helping to improve the quality of living. CAL aims to do its business in a responsible manner and develop a sustainable business model. As a matter of minimum requirement, CAL would do its business in accordance with the laws that apply from time to time and adhere to applicable rules, regulations, policies and procedures.

CAL believes that creation of large societal capital is as important as wealth creation for its stakeholders. In order to achieve the same, every business entity must carry on its business in a responsible manner.

CAL may undertake CSR activities of the following nature and may undertake any other CSR activities as  may  be  approved  by  the  CSR  Committee  from  time  to  time  are  falling  under  Schedule VII  of  the Companies Act, 2013.

- i. Promotion of Health care: CAL may undertake projects or programs or activities aimed at improving the health and hygiene of the socially or economically weaker sections , families Below Poverty Line (BPL)  by  providing  free  or  subsidized  medicine,  clinical  laboratory  facilities,  free  or  concessional treatments at hospitals, providing medical equipments, setting up of medical and diagnostic camps, free medical insurance for a group of people or families in the BPL category, projects or programs aimed at eradicating poverty or malnutrition of women and children, pain and palliative care etc.
- ii. Old Age homes /Day Care facilities for senior Citizens: CAL may undertake projects or programs or activities for the protection of elderly citizens by establishing, funding or otherwise supporting old age homes and day care facilities including medical aid, food and accommodation.
- iii. Promotion of Education: CAL may undertake projects or programs or activities aimed at the promotion of elementary to professional education and to support the students belonging to weaker sections of the society including SC/ST/OBCs by way of setting up schools, colleges, coaching centers, providing libraries, text books and other study materials, vocational training centers and centers for physically challenged students, providing endowments or other forms of recognitions to successful candidates pursuing recognized examinations, scholarships or other forms of merit cum means assistance etc.
- iv. Sanitation: CAL may undertake construction of public toilets, toilets in government run schools and other places and promote sanitation in public places, rural areas including garbage clearing and disposal.

Apart  from  the  above  thrust  areas,  CAL  may  undertake  the  following  CSR  Activities  too  depending  upon  needs:

- i. Improving the livelihood, employability and income generation of the communities around units of CAL
- ii. Ensuring environmental sustainability, ecological balance, protection of flora and fauna, animal welfare, agro forestry, conservation of natural resources and maintaining quality of soil, air and water;
- iii. Protection of national heritage, art and culture including restoration of buildings and sites of historical importance and works of art; setting up public libraries; promotion and development of traditional arts and handicrafts;
- iv. Measures for the benefit of armed forces veterans, war widows and their dependents;
- v. Training to promote rural sports, nationally recognized sports, Paralympics sports and Olympic sport;

- vi. Contribution to Prime Minister's National Relief Fund or any other fund set up by the Central Government for Socio-economic development and relief and welfare of the Scheduled Castes, the Scheduled  Tribes, other backward classes, minorities and women.
- vii.  Contributions or funds provided to technology incubators located within academic institutions which are approved by the Central Government.
- viii.  Rural development projects
- ix. Slum area development.
- x. Contribution to disaster management, including relief, rehabilitation and reconstruction activities.
- xi. Contribution to incubators or research and development projects in the field of science, technology, engineering and medicine, funded by the Central Government or State Government or Public Sector Undertaking  or  any  agency  of  the  Central  Government  or  State  Government;  and  Contribution  to public funded Universities; Indian Institute of Technology (IITs); National Laboratories and autonomous bodies established under Department of Atomic Energy (DAE); Department of Biotechnology (DBT); Department of Science and Technology (DST); Department of Pharmaceuticals; Ministry of Ayurveda, Yoga  and  Naturopathy,  Unani,  Siddha  and  Homoeopathy  (AYUSH);  Ministry  of  Electronics  and Information Technology and other bodies, namely Defense Research and Development Organisation (DRDO); Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR); Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) and Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), engaged in conducting research in science, technology, engineering and medicine aimed at promoting Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

## 2. Composition of CSR Committee:

| Sl.  No.  Name of Director  Designation /  Nature of Directorship  Number of  meetings of CSR  Committee held  during 2021-2022  Number of meet-  ings of CSR Com-  mittee attended  during 2021-2022  1.  Srinivasan Ravi  Chairman and Managing Director  2  2  2.  Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide  Independent Director  2  2  3.  Udai Dhawan #  Non-Executive Non-Independent  Director  2  1  4.  Tamraparni Srinivasan Venkata  Rajagopal ^  Additional Director  NA  NA   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Ceased to be a member of the CSR committee w.e.f. 19 th  March, 2022 consequent to resignation from the Board.

^ Appointed as member of the CSR committee w.e.f.19 th  March, 2022.

3. Provide the web-link where Composition of  CSR  Committee,  CSR  Policy  and  CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed on the website of the company.

CSR Composition: https://www. craftsmanautomation.com/investors/#verticalTab9

CSR  Policy  :  https://www.craftsmanautomation. com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/1.-CAL -Policyon-Corporate-Social-Responsibility-05.05.2021.pdf

CSR Projects : https://www.craftsmanautomation. com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/CSR-Projects\_ For-Website.pdf

Not Applicable

4. Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate  Social  Responsibility  Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report).

5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year 2021-22, if any

| Sl.  No.  Financial  Year  2021-2022  Amount available for set-off from preceding  financial years (in  D  )  Amount required to be setoff for the  financial year, if any (in  D  )  NIL   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5)

Average  net  profit  of  the  Company  for  last  three  financial  years  (2019,  2020  and  2021)  calculated  in accordance with the provisions of the Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013 is C 11,181 Lakhs.

| Sl.  No.  Particulars  Remarks  (a)  Two percent of average net profit of the company as per Section 135(5)  C  223.62 Lakhs  (b)  Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years  NIL  (c)  Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any  NIL  (d)  Total CSR obligation for the financial year (6a+6b-6c)  C  223.62 Lakhs   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7 . (a) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year 2021-22:

| Total Amount  Spent for the  Financial  Y ear  2021-22  (  D  in Lakhs)  Amount Unspent (in  D  )  Total Amount transferred to Unspent  CSR Account as per section 135(6).  Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule  VII as per second proviso to section 135(5).  Amount.  Date of transfer.  Name of the Fund  Amount.  Date of transfer.  223.95  NA  NA  NA   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| (b) Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year 2021-22:  (1)  (2)  (3)  (4)  (5)  (6)  (7)  (8)  (9)  (10)  (11)  Sl.  No.  Name of the Project.  Item  from the  list of  activities  in  Schedule  VII to  the Act.  Local  area  (Y es/  No).  Location of  the project.  Project duration.  Amount  allocated  for the  project  (in  D  ).  Amount  spent  in the  current  financial  Year (in  D  ).  Amount  transferred  to Unspent  CSR  Account for  the  project as  per Section  135(6) (in  D  ).  Mode of  Imple-  men-  tation  - Direct  (Yes/  No).  Mode of Im-  plementation -  Through Imple-  menting  Agency  State.  District.  Name  CSR  Regis-  tration  number.  Not Applicable   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(c) Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year 2021-22:

| (1)  (2)  (3)  (4)  (5)  (6)  (7)  (8)  Sl.  No.  Name of the Project  Item from  the list of  activities in  schedule VII  to the Act.  Local  area  (Yes/  No).  Location of the project.  Amount  spent for  the project  (  D  in Lakhs).  Mode of  implementation - Direct  (Y es/No).  Mode of  imple-  mentation  -  Through  imple-  menting  agency.  State.  District.  Name  CSR  registration  number.  1.  Setting up of Modular  Oxygen system at  Coimbatore - ESI Hospital  Health care  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Coimbatore  24.00  Yes  Nil  2.  Contribution to Tamil  Nadu State Disaster  Management Authority  Health care  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Coimbatore  27 .00  Yes  Nil  3.  Donated bed, bedspread  and pillow to set up Covid  19 ward at Tamil Nadu  Engineering College,  Karumathampatti,  Health care  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Coimbatore  2.31  Yes  Nil  4.  Donated cots to set up  Covid 19 wards at Arasur  village  Health care  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Coimbatore  0.71  Yes  Nil  5.  Donated cots to set up  Covid 19 wards at Kaniyur  village  Health care  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Coimbatore  0.71  Yes  Nil  6.  Distribution of grocery  items to the frontline  workers &amp; village people  during Covid 19 lockdown  at Arasur &amp; Kaniyur  Eradicating  hunger /  Health care  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Coimbatore  9.99  Yes  Nil  7 .  Donated to The District  Collector towards  vaccination of common  / underprivileged people  against Corona disease  Health care  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Coimbatore  6.30  Yes  Nil  8.  Conservation of  Water bodies at  Sangothipalayam and  nearby village  Environment  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Coimbatore  15.82  Yes  Nil  9.  Promoting Road safety  education / awareness  and promoting  preventive health care  to Government. and  Corporation schools  Safety and  welfare  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Coimbatore  0.85  Yes  Nil  10.  Productivity week /  conclave programs to  be conducted by The  Coimbatore Productivity  Council  Promotion of  Education  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Coimbatore  0.50  Yes  Nil  11.  Construction of One  Classroom of 30x20 feet  along with the electrical  fittings at Uttkramit Middle  School Dugdha  Promotion of  Education  Yes  Jharkhand  Jamshedpur  12.17  Yes  Nil   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contd..

| (1)  (2)  (3)  (4)  (5)  (6)  (7)  (8)  Sl.  No.  Name of the Project  Item from  the list of  activities in  schedule VII  to the Act.  Local  area  (Y es/  No).  Location of the project.  Amount  spent for  the project  (  D  in Lakhs).  Mode of  implementation - Direct  (Y es/No).  Mode of  imple-  mentation  -  Through  imple-  menting  agency.  State.  District.  Name  CSR  registration  number.  12.  Construction of Two Toilets  with complete toilets  fittings and Construction  of one basketball court in  the school premises 75 X  40 feet with PCC flooring  at Uttkramit Middle school,  Hariharpur  Promotion of  Sports and  Health care  Yes  Jharkhand  Jamshedpur  5.42  Yes  Nil  13.  Construction of cement  concrete wash basin with  6 nos of tap and water  outlet soak pit and White  wash of the Boundary wall  at Uttkramit Middle School  Rapcha  Promotion of  Education  Yes  Jharkhand  Jamshedpur  1.35  Yes  Nil  14.  White wash of three  storey building with  minor repair work at Oriya  Middle School Adityapur  Promotion of  Education  Yes  Jharkhand  Jamshedpur  1.87  Yes  Nil  15.  Eye Camp / Medical  Treatment  Health care  Yes  Jharkhand  Jamshedpur  8.45  Yes  Nil  16.  Eye check up / eye surgery  / spectacles for needy  people, preventive medical  assistance.  Promotion of  Education  Yes  Maharashtra  Pune  42.15  Yes  Nil  17 .  Distribution of grocery  items to the village  people during Covid 19  lockdown at Pimlple  Jagdap &amp; nearby village  Eradicating  hunger /  Health care  Yes  Maharashtra  Pune  0.50  Yes  Nil  18.  Contribution towards  Setting up of IDEA Lab  at Sri Ramakrishnan  Engineering College  Promotion of  Education  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Coimbatore  5.00  Yes  Nil  19.  Fixing up of hand wash  basin facilities to at Govt.  Girls Hr. Sec School  Thondamuthur,  Health care  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Coimbatore  3.15  Yes  Nil  20.  Govt. High. Sec.School,  Sundakamuthur,  Eradicating  hunger /  Health care  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Sriperumbudur  0.70  Yes  Nil  21.  Govt. High School  Pattanam,  Rural  development  projects  Yes  Jharkhand  Jamshedpur  12.32  Yes  Nil  22.  Corporation Middle School  Pappanaickenpalayam,  Panchayat Middle School,  Chinnavedampatti  Promotion of  Education  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Coimbatore  5.22  Yes  Nil  23.  Donated grocery items  during Chennai flood  Environment  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Coimbatore  28.36  Yes  Nil   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| (1)  (2)  (3)  (4)  (5)  (6)  (7)  (8)  Sl.  No.  Name of the Project  Item from  the list of  activities in  schedule VII  to the Act.  Local  area  (Yes/  No).  Location of the project.  Amount  spent for  the project  (  D  in Lakhs).  Mode of  implementation - Direct  (Y es/No).  Mode of  imple-  mentation  -  Through  imple-  menting  agency.  State.  District.  Name  CSR  registration  number.  24.  Construction of  community hall and  hand pump for water  arrangement in Bikanipur  and Padampur village  Health care  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Coimbatore  5.47  Yes  Nil  25.  Construction of class  room for Palwadi school in  Sangothipalayam village  Promotion of  Education  Yes  Tamil Nadu  Sriperumbudur  3.63  Yes  Nil  Total  223.95  (d)  Amount spent in Administrative Overheads  -  Nil  (e)  Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable  -  Nil  (f)  Total amount spent for the Financial Year  -  C  223.95 Lakhs (7b+7c+7d+7e)  (g)  Excess amount for set off, if any  -  Nil  Sl.  No.  Particulars  Amount (  D  in Lakhs)  (i)  Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5)  223.62  (ii)  Total amount spent for the Financial Year  223.95  (iii)  Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]  0.33  (iv)  Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial  years, if any  Nil  (v)  Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)]  8. (a) Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years:  ( C in Lakhs)  Sl.  No.  Preceding  Financial  Year.  Amount  transferred to  Unspent CSR  Account under  section 135 (6)  Amount  spent  in the  reporting  Financial  Year .  Amount transferred to any fund  specified under Schedule VII as per  section 135(6), if any.  Amount remaining to  be spent in succeeding  financial years.  Name of the  Fund  Amount  Date of  transfer.  1  2020-21  101.96  101.96  Nil  Nil   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(b) Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year(s): ( C in Lakhs)

| (1)  (2)  (3)  (4)  (5)  (6)  (7)  (8)  (9)  Sl.  No.  Project  ID.  Name of  the  Project.  Financial  Year in  which the  project  was com-  menced.  Project  duration.  Total  amount  allocated  for the  project  Amount  spent on  the project  in  the report-  ing Finan-  cial  Year  Cumu-  lative  amount  spent at  the end of  reporting-  Financial-  Year.  Status of  the  project-  Com-  pleted /  Ongoing.  1  Nil  Construction of  Laboratory  2021  3 years  39.13  39.13  39.13  Completed  2  Nil  Conservation of  Water bodies  towards construction  of drain with culvert  2021  3 years  62.83  62.83  62.83  Completed   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

9. In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired through CSR spent in the financial year - Nil

## Asset-wise details

| Sl.  No.  Particulars  Remarks  (a)  Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset(s).  Nil  (b)  Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset  (c)  Details of the entity or public authority or beneficiary under whose name such capital  asset is registered, their address etc  (d)  Provide details of the capital asset(s) created or acquired  (including complete address and location of the capital asset).   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

10. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per section 135(5): Not Applicable

The CSR Committee of the Board of Directors acknowledges the responsibility for the implementation and monitoring the CSR Policy and accordingly state that the same is in compliance with CSR objectives and Policy of the Company and the Company has complied with all the requirements in this regard.

| Coimbatore  Srinivasan Ravi  09.05.2022  Chairman of CSR Committee  DIN: 01257716   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ANNEXURE - 5

## Form No. AOC -2 (Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013 and

## Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.

Form for Disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties referred to in sub section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm's length transaction under third proviso thereto.

1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at Arm's length basis.

| SL.  No.  Particulars  Details  a)  Name (s) of the related party &amp; nature of relationship  NIL  b)  Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions  NIL  c)  Duration of the contracts/arrangements/transactions  NIL  d)  Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transactions including the value, if any  NIL  e)  Justification for entering into such contracts or arrangements or transactions'  NIL  f)  Date(s) of approval by the Board  NIL  g)  Amount paid as advances, if any:  NIL  h)  Date on which the special resolution was passed in General meeting as required under first  proviso to section 188  NIL   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2. Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at Arm's length basis.

The Company did not have any material related party transaction during the Financial Year 2021-22. All related party transactions, which were not material in nature, entered by the Company were in the ordinary course of business and on an arm's length basis.

3. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions at Arm's length basis.

| Sl.  No.  Particulars  Details  a)  Name (s) of the  related party  &amp; nature of  relationship  Carl Stahl Craftsman  Enterprises Private  Limited, India  MC Machinery  Systems India  Private Limited, India  (Formerly known  as MC Craftsman  Machinery Private  Limited)  *Related Party upto  30 th  November, 2021  Craftsman  Automation  Singapore Pte  Limited  *Related Party upto  30 th  June, 2021  Craftsman  Europe B.V.,  The Netherlands  (Formerly known  as Craftsman  Marine B.V)  b)  Nature of  Relationship  Joint Venture  Group Company  Wholly Owned  Overseas Subsidiary  Wholly Owned  Overseas  Subsidiary  c)  Nature of contracts/  arrangements/  transactions  Sales of Goods and  Services  Sales of Goods and  Services  Reimbursement of  expenses  Sales of Goods  and Services  Purchase of Goods  and Services  Purchase of Goods and  Services  Purchase of Goods  and Services  Purchase of  Goods and  Services  Sales Commission  paid  Rent Received  -  -  Rent Received  Reimbursement of  expenses received  -  -  Re-imbursement of  expenses  -  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| d)  Duration of  the contracts/  arrangements/  transactions  Approval upto  31/03/2022  Approval upto  31/03/2022  Approval upto  31/03/2022  Approval upto  31/03/2022  e)  Salient terms of  the contracts or  arrangements  or transactions  including the value,  if any  Similar terms as agreed with any other party  f)  Date of approval by  the Board  05.05.2021  g)  Amount paid as  advances, if any  Nil   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

| ## Srinivasan Ravi  Coimbatore  Chairman and Managing Director  09.05.2022  DIN:01257716   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ANNEXURE - 6

## Form AOC-1

(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of Section 129 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)

Statement  containing  salient  features  of  the  financial  statement  of  Subsidiaries  or  associate companies or joint ventures

## Part - A Subsidiaries

(Information in respect of each subsidiary to be presented with amounts in C Lakhs)

| Sl.  No  Particulars  1  1  Name of the subsidiary  Craftsman Europe B.V (Formerly known as Craftsman  Marine B.V)  2  The date since when subsidiary was acquired/incorporated  03.06.2008  3  Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different from  the holding Company's reporting period  01.04.2021 to 31.03.2022  4  Reporting currency and exchange rate as on the last date of the  relevant financial year in the case of foreign subsidiaries  EURO (Exchange Rate as on 31-03-2022)  C  84.6599  per EUR)  5  Share Capital  2264  6  Reserves and Surplus  (289)  7  Total Assets  2210  8  Total Liabilities  235  9  Investments  Nil  10  Turnover  1890  11  Profit before taxation  294  12  Provision for taxation  69  13  Profit after taxation  226  14  Proposed Dividend  -  15  Extent of shareholding (in percentage)  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations - Not Applicable

2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year - Craftsman Automation Singapore  Pte  Limited  (CAS),  Wholly  Owned  Subsidiary  of  the  Company  was  dissolved  through members voluntary winding up during the quarter ended 30 th  June, 2021.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

| Coimbatore 09.05.2022  Chairman and Managing Director DIN:01257716   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|

Srinivasan Ravi

Chairman and Managing Director DIN:01257716

## Statement Pursuant to Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures

## Part 'B' Associates and Joint Ventures

| Sl  No  Name of Associates/Joint Ventures  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises  Private Limited  1  Latest audited Balance Sheet Date  31.03.2022  2  Date on which the Associate/ Joint Venture was associated or acquired  22.06.2007  3  Shares of Associate / Joint Ventures held by the Company on the year end  4  i. No. of shares  6,00,000  ii. Amount of Investment in Associates / Joint Venture  C  60 Lakhs  iii. Extend of Holding (in %)  30%  5  Description of how there is significant influence  Joint Venture - Associate Company  6  Reason why the Associate/ Joint Venture is not consolidated  Not Applicable  7  Net worth attributable to shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet  C  235 Lakhs  8  Profit /Loss for the year  i. Considered in Consolidation  C  38 Lakhs  ii. Not Considered in Consolidation  C  89 Lakhs   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

## Srinivasan Ravi

| Coimbatore 09.05.2022  Chairman and Managing Director DIN:01257716   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|

## KSR/CBE/C67/345/2022-23

To The Members, Craftsman Automation Limited 'Senthel Towers' IV Floor 1078, Avanashi Road Coimbatore -641018

Our Secretarial Audit Report of even date Craftsman  Automation Limited (CIN L28991TZ1986PLC001816) (hereinafter called 'the Company') is to be read along with this letter.

1. Maintenance  of  secretarial  record  is  the  responsibility  of  the  management  of  the  company.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. Due to threat of infection arising out of COVID-19 pandemic, we had to conduct our audit by examining various records and documents including minutes, registers, certificates and other records received through electronic mode as enabled by the company. We state that we have not done a physical verification of the original documents and records. The management has confirmed that the records provided to us for audit through electronic mode are final, true and correct.
3. Further, our audit report is limited to the verification and reporting of the statutory compliances on laws / regulations / guidelines listed in our report and the same pertain to the Financial Year ended on 31 st  March, 2022.
4. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
5. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
6. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
7. 7 . The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

## For KSR &amp; Co Company Secretaries LLP

Dr. C. V. Madhusudhanan Partner (FCS: 5367; CP: 4408) UDIN: F005367D000288584

Place: Coimbatore Date: 09.05.2022

## ANNEXURE - 7

## SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014] For the Financial  Y ear ended 31 st  March, 2022

To, The Members, Craftsman Automation Limited 'Senthel Towers' IV Floor 1078, Avanashi Road Coimbatore -641018

We  have  conducted  the  Secretarial  Audit  of  the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and  the  adherence  to  good  corporate  practices by Craftsman Automation Limited (CIN L28991TZ1986PLC001816) (hereinafter called 'the Company'). Secretarial Audit was conducted for the financial year ended on 31 st  March, 2022 in a manner that  provided  us  reasonable  basis  for  evaluating the corporate conduct / statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

On the basis of the above and on our verification of documents, books, papers, minutes, forms and returns  filed  and  other  records  maintained  by  the Company  and  also  the  information  provided  by the  Company,  its  officers,  agents  and  authorised representatives  during  the  conduct  of  the  Audit. We hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the period covered under the Audit as aforesaid,  complied  with  the  statutory  provisions listed  hereunder  and  also  that  the  Company  has proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter.

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company  for  the  financial  year  ended 31 st   March,  2022  according  to  the  provisions  of:

- (i) The Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made there under.
- (ii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-Laws framed there under.
- (iii)  The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and Rules and Regulations framed thereunder.
- (iv)  The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and the Rules made there under.
- (v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992:
- (a) The  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018
- (b) The  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of India  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
- (c) The  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeover) Regulations, 2011
- (d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider  Trading) Regulations, 2015
- (e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993
- (vi)  Considering  the  nature  of  business  of  the Company, we are of the opinion that no specific law, regulations, directions or orders are applicable specifically to the Company.

We  have  also examined  compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:

- (i) the Secretarial Standards 1 &amp; 2 issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
- (ii) Listing Agreement for equity entered into with BSE  Limited  and  National  Stock  Exchange  of India Limited with effect from 25 th  March, 2021 .

Based on the information and explanation provided, the Company had no transactions during the period covered under the Audit requiring the compliance of the provisions of:

- a) The  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India (Share  Based  Employee  Benefits  and  Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.
- b) The  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009.
- c) The  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018.
- d) The  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021.

## We further report that

The  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  is  duly constituted  with  the  proper  balance  of  Executive Director, Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The changes made to the composition of the Board of Directors was duly carried out during the period covered under the Audit.

Adequate  notice  were  given  to  all  Directors  at least seven days in advance to schedule the Board Meetings,  though  detailed  notes  on  Agenda  was

Place: Coimbatore

Date: 09.05.2022

provided at a shorter notice and in certain matters tabled  at  the  Board  Meeting  with  the  consent  of all directors present at the relevant meeting. There exists  a  system  for  seeking  and  obtaining  further information and clarifications on the Agenda items before the Meeting and for meaningful participation at the Meeting.

Majority  decision  is  carried  through  and  recorded as part of the minutes. We understand that there were no dissenting members' views requiring to be captured in the minutes.

We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

We further report that during the period covered under  the Audit,  the  Company  has  not  made  any specific  actions  having  a  major  bearing  on  the Company's affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

## For KSR &amp; Co Company Secretaries LLP

Dr. C. V. Madhusudhanan Partner (FCS: 5367; CP: 4408) UDIN: F005367D000288584

## ANNEXURE - 8

## INFORMATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 197 (12) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 5 (1) OF  THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014

| S.No  Particulars  1.  Ratio of remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of employees:  Name of the Directors  Designation  Ratio  Mr. Srinivasan Ravi #  Chairman and Managing Director  201.65  Mr. Ravi Gauthamram #  Whole Time Director  46.25  Mr. Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide  Independent Director  1 .25  Mr. Sundararaman Kalyanaraman  Independent Director  1 .25  Mrs. Vijaya Sampath  Independent Director  1 .25  Mr. Tamraparni Srinivasan Venkata Rajagopal ^  Additional Director  1 .25  Mr. Udai Dhawan*  Non-Executive Director  1 .25  2.  The  percentage  increase  in  remuneration  of  each  Director,  Chief  Financial  Officer,  Company  Secretary  in  the  financial year:  Name  of  the  Directors,  Chief  Financial  Officer,  Company  Secretary  Designation  Ratio  Mr. Srinivasan Ravi #  Chairman and Managing Director  -19%  Mr. Ravi Gauthamram #  Whole Time Director  312%  Mr. Chandrashekhar Madhukar Bhide  Independent Director  0%  Mr. Sundararaman Kalyanaraman  Independent Director  0%  Mrs. Vijaya Sampath  Independent Director  0%  Mr. Tamraparni Srinivasan Venkata Rajagopal^  Additional Director  N.A.  Mr. Udai Dhawan*  Non-Executive Director  0%  Mr. C.B.Chandrasekar @  Chief Financial Officer  26%  Mr. Shainshad Aduvanni @  Company Secretary  54%  3.  The  percentage  increase  in  the  median  remuneration  of  employees in the financial year  6%  4.  The number of permanent employees on the rolls of company  2058  5.  Average  percentile  increase  already  made  in  the  salaries  of  employees  other  than  the  managerial  personnel  in  the  last  financial year  26%  6.  Affirmation  that  the  remuneration  is  as  per  the  remuneration  policy of the company  Yes   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- # Remuneration also includes Commission payable for the FY 2021-22.
- ^ Mr. Tamraparni Srinivasan Venkata Rajagopal was appointed as an Additional Director with effect from 19 th  March, 2022.
* Mr. Udai Dhawan ceased to be a Non-Executive Non Independent Director with effect from 19 th  March, 2022.
- @ Remuneration also includes One Time Incentive paid.

Note: Sitting fees paid to the Directors have not been considered as remuneration.

ANNEXURE - 9

Statement of Particulars of Employees Pursuant to Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment

and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014

i.  The name of the top ten employees in terms of remuneration drawn are as follows:

| S.  No  Name of the  Employee  Designation of  the Employee  Remuneration  Received  (  D  Lakhs)  Nature of  Employment,  Whether  Contractual or  Otherwise  Qualifications and  Experience of the  Employee  Date of com-  mencement of  employment  Age of such  employee  The Last Employ-  ment Held by Such  Employee Before  Joining the Com-  pany  The Percentage of  Equity Shares Held  by the Employee in  the Company With-  in the meaning of  Clause (Iii) Of Sub-  Rule (2) Above  Whether is a Rel-  ative of Any Direc-  tor or Manager of  the Company  1  Srinivasan Ravi  Chairman and  Managing  Director  967  Contractual  B.E  &amp; 35 years  18 th  July,  1986  59 Years  Nil  Not Applicable  Yes,  Mr.R.Gauthamram,  Whole Time  Director  2  Gautham  Ram. R  Whole Time  Director  205  Regular  B.E (Mechanical), M.S  (Production. System  Engineering) Germany &amp;  8 years  02 nd  January,  2015  34 Years  Caterpillar India  Limited  Not Applicable  Yes,  Mr.Srinivasan Ravi,  Chairman and  Managing Director  3  Sampath  Kumar. M  Plant Director  101  Contractual  M.Tech, PGDPM -  Systems &amp; Finance &amp;  38 years  3 rd  July,  2019  63 Years  Tata Motors  Not Applicable  No  4  Chandrasekar.  C.B  Chief Financial  Officer  91  Contractual  B.Com, ACS,  ACMA,CMA &amp; 38 years  30 th  January,  2020  63 Years  Lakshmi Machine  Works Limited  Not Applicable  No  5  Srivardhan  Krishnakumar  Chief Operating  Officer  84  Contractual  BE, M.S - Industrial  Engineering &amp; 7 years  24 th  March,  2021  29 Years  Magna (USA)  Not Applicable  No  6  Paul Arikkat  Senior Vice  President  74  Contractual  M. Tech - Mechanical  Engineering &amp; 38 years  10 th  January,  2020  65 Years  Daimler India  Commercial Vehicles  Private Limited  Not Applicable  No  7  Thiyagaraj. D  Chief Operating  Officer  71  Regular  B.E, DME &amp; 28 years  01 st  January,  2022  49 Years  Riter LMW  Machinery Limited  Not Applicable  No  8  Girish Kumar. J  National Head  60  Regular  B.E Mechanical &amp; 22  years  11 th  April,  2018  46 Years  Godrej &amp; Boyce  Manufacturing  Company Limited  Not Applicable  No  9  Ravi Shankar. V  Vice President  59  Regular  B.E Mechanical &amp; 35  years  01 st  August,  2019  56 Years  TMTE Metal Tech  Private Limited  Not Applicable  No  10  Deepak Bhoi  Vice President  59  Regular  B.E - Mechanical &amp; 15.5  years  08 th  September,  2016  38 Years  Hindustan  Aeronautics Limited  Not Applicable  No   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes: a) During the year, the Company has no employee who was employed throughout the Financial Year or part thereof and was in receipt of remuneration, which in the aggregate, or as the case may be, at a rate which, in the aggregate, is in excess of that drawn by the managing director or whole-time director or manager and holds by himself or along with his spouse and dependent children, not less than 2% of the equity shares of the company.

1,02,00,000/- per annum:

C

ii. Employees employed throughout the year and receiving remuneration at the rate not less than

| S.  No  Name of the  Employee  Designation of the  Employee  Remuneration Re-  ceived  (  D  Lakhs)  Nature of  Employ-  ment,  Whether  Contractual  or Otherwise  Qualifica-  tions and  Experience  of the Em-  ployee  Date of com-  mencement  of employ-  ment  Age of  such em-  ployee  The Last  Employment  Held by Such  Employee Be-  fore Joining  the Company  The Percentage  of Equity Shares  Held by the  Employee in the  Company Within  the meaning  of Clause (Iii)  Of Sub-Rule (2)  Above  Whether is a Relative  of Any Director or Man-  ager of  The Company  1  Srinivasan Ravi  Chairman and  Managing Director  967  Contractual  B.E  &amp; 35 years  18 th  July,  1986  59 Years  Nil  Not Applicable  Yes,  Mr.R.Gauthamram,  Whole Time Director  2  Gautham  Ram. R  Whole Time Director  205  Regular  B.E  (Mechanical),  M.S  (Production.  System  Engineering)  Germany &amp; 8  years  02 nd  January,  2015  34 Years  Caterpillar  India Limited  Not Applicable  Yes,  Mr.Srinivasan Ravi,  Chairman and Managing  Director  iii. There are no other employees who draw remuneration in excess of the limits prescribed in Rule 5(2) (ii) &amp; (iii) of the Companies (Appointment and   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Remuneration) Rules, 2014:

## ANNEXURE - 10

## BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY &amp; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

(Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)

## SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES

## I. Details of the listed entity

| S.No  Particulars  Details  1  Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity  L28991TZ1986PLC001816  2  Name of the Listed Entity  Craftsman Automation Limited  3  Year of incorporation  1986  4  Registered office address  Senthel Towers, IV Floor, 1078, Avanashi Road,  Coimbatore - 641 018 Tamil Nadu, India.  5  Corporate address  Senthel Towers, IV Floor, 1078, Avanashi Road,  Coimbatore - 641 018 Tamil Nadu, India.  6  E-mail  investor@craftsmanautomation.com  7  Telephone  0422-7165000  8  Website  www.craftsmanautomation.com  9  Financial year for which reporting is being done  2021-2022  10.  Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed  BSE  Limited  &amp;  National  Stock  Exchange  of  India  Limited (NSE)  11  Paid-up Capital  C  10,56,41,555  12  Name and contact details (telephone, email address) of  the person who may be contacted in case of any queries  on the BRSR report  Mr. Shainshad Aduvanni,  Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  Telephone: 0422 7165000  Email: investor@craftsmanautomation.com  13  Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this report  made on a standalone basis (i.e. only for the entity) or on  a consolidated basis (i.e. for the entity and all the entities  which form a part of its consolidated financial statements,  taken together):  Standalone Basis   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## II. Products/services

14.Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):

| S. No.  Description  of Main  Activity  Description of Business Activity  % of Turnover  of the entity  1  Automotive  - Power Train  &amp; Others  Manufacturing engine parts such as cylinder block and cylinder head, camshafts,  transmission parts, gear box housings, turbo charges and bearing caps.  52.32%  2  Industrial &amp;  Engineering  Industrial &amp; Engineering vertical is essentially a non-automotive business vertical  which cater to diverse user sectors.  The Company has divided it into two sub segments:  Storage  Solutions:  Key  products  in  storage  solutions  sub-segment  include  stationary  racking  for  warehouses, V-store,  roll  form  products  and  Automated  Storage and Retrieval Systems (' ASRS'). Our products in this sub-segment cater  to warehousing and industrial sectors  High-end sub assembly, contract manufacturing and Others:  SPM, Material  handling, Gear and Gear boxes, Tool room, mould base &amp; sheet metal, Aluminium  - Casting for power transmission.  27 .72%  3  Automotive  - Aluminium  Products  Key  products  in  Automotive  -  Aluminium  Products  segment  include  highly  engineered and include crank case and cylinder blocks for two wheelers, engine  and  structural  parts  for  passenger  vehicles  and  gear  box  housing  for  heavy  commercial vehicle.  19.96%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15.  Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity's Turnover)

| S. No.  Product/Service  NIC  Code  % of Turnover  of the entity  1  Metal and Metal Products  2930  10.30%  2  Electricals or electronic machinery, Railway or tramway locomotives, rolling  stock, railway or tramway fixtures and fittings, mechanical (including electro  mechanical) traffic signaling equipment's of all kind and Other machinery and  Mechanical Appliances;  46.84%  3  Other Manufacturing activities including Machining Services  42.86%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## III. Operations

16.  Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:

| National Location  14  Number of offices: 2  1.  Registered and Corporate Office at Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  2.  Headquarters at Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  Number of plants :12  1.  Unit 2 Kurichi, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu  2.  Unit  3  Headquarter,  Arasur,  Coimbatore,  Tamil Nadu  3.  Unit 2 Sanaswadi, Pune, Maharashtra  4.  Unit 3 Sanaswadi, Pune, Maharashtra  5.  Unit 4 Pimple Jagtap, Pune, Maharashtra  6.  Pithampur Unit, Madhya Pradesh  7 .  Jamshedpur Unit, Jharkhand  8.  Unit 1 Ballabgarh, Faridabad, Haryana  9.  Unit 2 Ballabgarh, Faridabad, Haryana  10.  Unit 1 Bengaluru, Karnataka.  11.  Unit 2 Bengaluru, Karnataka  12.  Sriperumbudur  -  Unit  1,  Chennai,  Tamil  Nadu  International  Location  Nil  However, the Company has a Wholly Owned Subsidiary named Craftsman Europe B.V. (Formerly  known as Craftsman Marine B.V) at The Netherlands   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17 . Markets served by the entity:

## a. Number of locations

| Locations  Number  National (No. of States)  PAN India  International (No. of Countries)  16 Countries   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity? 8%

## c. A brief on types of customers

## 1) End-user sectors for Automotive - Aluminium Products:

- Two-Wheelers
- Passenger Vehicles
- Commercial vehicles
- 2) End-user sectors for Automotive - Powertrain and Others:
- Commercial Vehicles
- Special Utility Vehicles
- Tractors
- Off-highway Vehicles

## 3)    Industrial &amp; Engineering:

a)  High end sub-assembly, contract manufacturing &amp; others:

Automotive, Foundries, Railways, Textile &amp; Printing Machines manufacturers, Engineering, Power Transmission &amp; Distribution

- b) Storage Solutions:

FMCG, E-commerce, Food &amp; beverages, Logistics, Pharmaceuticals and Electronics

## IV. Employees

1. Details as at the end of Financial Year:31 st  March 2022
- a. Employees and workers (including differently abled):
- b. Differently abled Employees and workers:
2. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of Women
3. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers(%)

| S.  No.  Particulars  Total  (A)  Male  Female  No. (B)  %  (B / A)  No. (C)  % (C / A)  Employees  1 .  Permanent (D)  721  699  96.95%  22  3.05%  2.  Other than Permanent (E)  21  21  100%  Nil  Nil  3.  Total employees (D + E)  742  720  97.04%  22  2.96%  Workers  4.  Permanent (F)  1337  1337  100%  -  5.  Other than Permanent (G)  647  647  100%  6.  Total workers (F + G)  1984  1984  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| S.  No  Particulars  Total  (A)  Male  Female  No. (B)  %  (B / A)  No. (C)  % (C / A)  Differently Abled Employees  1.  Permanent (D)  1  1  100%  -  2.  Other than Permanent (E)  Nil  Nil  Nil  3.  Total differently abled  employees (D + E)  1  1  100%  Differently Abled Workers: Nil   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  Total  (A)  No. and Percentage of Females  No.(B)  %(B/A)  Board of Directors  6  1  0.17%  Key Management Personnel  5  Nil  Nil   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  FY 2021-22  FY 2020-21  FY 2019-20  Male  Female  Total  Male  Female  Total  Male  Female  Total  Permanent Employees  12.97  17 .65  13.09  30.51  44.44  30.79  19.16  20.00  19.18  Permanent Workers  7 .55  0  7 .55  20.96  0  20.96  15.51  0  15.51   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate companies (including joint ventures)

4. Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures

| S. No  Name of the Holding/ Subsid-  iary / associate companies/  joint ventures  (A)  Indicate Whether  holding/ subsidiary/  Associate/ Joint  Venture  % of shares  held by listed  entity  Does the entity indicate  at column A, Participate in  the Business Responsibil-  ity initiatives of the listed  entity? (Y es/ No)  1  Craftsman Europe B.V. The  Netherlands (previously known  as Craftsman Marine B.V.)  Wholly Owned  Subsidiary  100%  No  2  Carl Stahl Craftsman  Enterprises Private Limited  Associate Company  (Joint Venture)  30%  No   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## VI. CSR Details

5. (i) Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013: Yes
2. (ii)  T urnover: C 2,20,643 Lakhs
3. (iii) Net worth: C 1,14,220 Lakhs

## VII.  T ransparency and Disclosures Compliances

6. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct:

| Stakeholder  group from  whom complaint  is received  Grievance  Redressal  Mechanism  in Place (Y es/  No)  FY 2021-22  FY 2020-21  Number of  complaints  filed  during the  year  Number  of com-  plaints  pending  resolution  at close of  the year  Remarks  Number  of com-  plaints  filed  during  the year  Number  of com-  plaints  pending  resolu-  tion at  close of  the year  Remarks  Investors (other  than shareholders)  Yes  3  Nil  Refer  Note  5  Nil  Refer Note  Shareholders  Yes  Nil  Employees and  Workers  Yes  Communities  Yes, Separate  Grievance  Handling  Procedure  CAL/IMS/P38  available and  Grievance  register is  followed by  the Company  Customers  Value Chain  Partners  Other (please  specify)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Weblink :https://www.craftsmanautomation.com/investors/#verticalTab2

Note: All the Complaints received from Investors (other than shareholders) are related to Non-Receipt of Initial Public Offer (IPO) refund - ASBA Query and the same were resolved during the respective quarters itself.

- 7 . Overview of the entity's material responsible business conduct issues

The Company has structured an internal mechanism for identifying the risks on ESG matters and the same is being reviewed by the Risk Management Committee of the Company. The Company believes that a materiality assessment on sustainability issues will help to analyse and prioritize the issues that have the biggest impact from the Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) perspective. Further, the Company is in the process of enhancing this methodology by conducting this exercise on periodical basis and by engaging external agencies for material assessment.

## SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES

| PRINCIPLE 1  Businesses  should  conduct  and  govern  themselves  with  integrity,  and  in  a    manner  that  is  Ethical,  Transparent and Accountable.  PRINCIPLE 2  Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe  PRINCIPLE 3  Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value  chains  PRINCIPLE 4  Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders  PRINCIPLE 5  Businesses should respect and promote human rights  PRINCIPLE 6  Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment  PRINCIPLE 7  Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is  responsible and transparent  PRINCIPLE 8  Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development  PRINCIPLE 9  Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner  DISCLOSURE QUESTIONS  P  1  P  2  P  3  P  4  P  5  P  6  P  7  P  8  P  9  Policy and Management processes  1.  a.   Whether your entity's policy/policies cover each principle  and its core elements of the NGRBCs. (Yes/No)  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  N*  Y  Y  b. Has the policy been approved by the board? (Yes/No)  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  N*  Y  Y  c.  Web link of the policies, if available  https://www.craftsmanautomation.com/investors/  2.  Whether the entity has translated the policy into procedures.  (Yes//No)  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  N*  Y  Y  3.  Do the enlisted policies extend to your value chain partners?  (Yes/No)  Yes. The  Company  expects  its  value  chain  partners  to  adhere to the policies.  4.  Name of the National and International codes/ Certifications/  labels/ standards (e.g Forest Stewardship council, fairtrade,  Rainforest  Allaince,  Trustea)  Standards(e.g.SA  8000,  OHSAS, ISO, BIS) adopted by your entity and mapped to  each principle.  ISO 9001 : 2015  IATF 16949 : 2016  ISO 14001 : 2015  AEO CERTIFICATE  Export House Certificate  5.  Specific commitments, goals and targets set by the entity  with defined timelines, if any  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  Y  6.  Performance of the entity against the specific commitments,  goals and targets along-with reasons in case the same are  not met.  The Company is in process of implementing the identified  Sustainability commitments, goals and targets  ## Governance, leadership and oversight  - 7 . Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG related challenges, targets and achievements (listed entity has flexibility regarding the placement of this disclosure) Please refer 'ESG taking centre stage' under 'From the Chairman's Desk' in the Annual Report  8.  Details  of  the  highest  authority  responsible  for  implementation and oversight of the Business Responsibility  policy (ies).  Board of Directors  9.  Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/  Director  responsible  for  decision  making  on  sustainability  related issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide details.  Yes. The  Board  of  Directors  and  the  Risk  management  Committee of the Company is reviewing the sustainability  related issues on regular basis. The CSR committee also  reviews the activities undertaken as CSR on regular basis.  * The Company through associations/ institutions/ trade and industry chambers strives to advocate and pursue various causes that are in larger interest of the industry, economy, society and public. Therefore, need for a formal policy has not been felt.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10.  Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:

| Subject for  review  Indicate whether review was undertaken  by Director / Committee of the Board/ Any  other Committee  Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/  Any other - please specify)  P1  P2  P3  P4  P5  P6  P7  P8  P9  P1  P2  P3  P4  P5  P6  P7  P8  P9  Performance  against above  policies and  follow up  action  Audit Committee, Risk Management Committee and Board review the performance of all policies and  procedures on periodical basis  Compliance  with statutory  requirements  of relevance  to the  principles, and,  rectification  of any non-  compliances  The Company has complied with all the statutory requirements with respect to the applicable laws  of the Company including the requirements relevant to the principles.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

11.

Has the entity carried out independent assessment/

evaluation  of  the  working  of  its  policies  by  an external agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide name of

the agency.

12.  If answer to question (1) above is  'No' i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:

| DISCLOSURE QUESTIONS  P1  P2  P3  P4  P5  P6  P7  P8  P9  The entity does not consider the Principles material to its  business (Yes/No)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  The  entity  is  not  at  a  stage  where  it  is  in  a  position  to  formulate and implement the policies on specified principles  (Yes/No)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  The  entity  does  not  have  the  financial  or/human  and  technical resources available for the task (Yes/No)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  It is planned to be done in the next financial year (Yes/No)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Any other reason (please specify)  For  Principle  7:  The  Company  through  associations/  institutions/  trade  and  industry  chambers  strives  to  advocate  and  pursue  various  causes  that  are  in  larger  interest of the industry, economy, society and public.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The company is continuously reviewing its policies to align with the BR principles in full spirit. The assessment for adoption/ implementation of specific policies is under process which will be continued in next financial year.

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

The Company has evaluated the working of its policies internally.

## SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE

## PRINCIPLE 1 - Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical,  T ransparent and Accountable.

## Essential Indicators

1. Percentage  coverage  by  training  and  awareness  programmes  on  any  of  the  Principles  during  the financial year:

As per the Company's existing training plan, awareness regarding the Environmental management programs are being conducted to employees and workers during the year. As per the plan a minimum 10 Training per year per unit shall be conducted.

| Segment  Total Number  of training and  awareness  programmes  held  Topics/ principles covered under the training and  its impact  % age of persons  in respective  category covered  by awareness pro-  grammes  Board of Directors  4 Sessions  Familiarisation  Programme  for  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  are  being  organised  on  regular  basis  on  various  topics  about  the  business  segments,  operations  of  the  Company  ,  regulatory  requirements  and  other  matters.  The  details  are  placed in the website of the Company at the weblink  https://www.craftsmanautomation.com/wp-content/  uploads/2022/04/Familiarisation-Programme\_  Website.pdf.  100%  Key Managerial  Personnel  4 Sessions  Winning to Lead  100%  Employees other  than BOD and KMPs  11 Sessions  a)  ISO 9001,  b)  IATF 16949,  c)  ISO 14001 : 2015  d)  Health  &amp;  Safety  Environment,  Fire  Protection  Training Basic Safety  e)  Energy Saving  f)  Fire Safety Training &amp; mock drill  g)  First Aid Training  h)  EMS,  i)  Management Development,  j)  MS Excel  100%  Workers  20 Sessions  100%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2. Details  of  fines  /  penalties  /punishment/  award/  compounding  fees/  settlement  amount  paid  in proceedings (by the entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the financial year :

Nil.  There is no such fines / penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings by the Company during the financial year which are material as specified in Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015

3. Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where monetary or non-monetary action has been appealed.

Not Applicable

4. Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide a web-link to the policy.

Yes.  The Company has an anti-corruption and anti-bribery policy which is applicable to all the stakeholders of the company. Further, Internal stakeholders at the time of onboarding are well informed about the policy  and  adherence  to  the  same.  External  Stakeholders  are  informed  about  the  applicability  and compliance of policy at the time of business association/engagement.

Weblink:  https://www.craftsmanautomation.com/investors/

5. Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption:

Nil. There are no such disciplinary action taken by any law enforcement agency against the Directors/ KMPs/employees/workers for bribery/ corruption.

6. Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest:

No complaints were received in relation to issues of Conflict of Interest of the Directors/KMP

- 7 . Provide  details  of  any  corrective  action  taken  or  underway  on  issues  related  to  fines  /  penalties  / action taken by regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest.

Not Applicable

## Leadership Indicators

1. Awareness  programmes  conducted  for  value  chain  partners  on  any  of  the  Principles  during  the financial year

Nil

2. Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board?

Yes.The Company has formulated 'Code of Conduct for Board of Directors and Senior Management' which specifies the role and function of the Board and Senior Management and they must act within the authority conferred upon them and in the best interests of the Company.

The Code enumerates that the Directors and Senior Management shall always act in good faith to promote the  business  and  objects  of  the  company  for  the  members  as  a  whole  and  in  the  best interests of the Company, its employees, shareholders, the community and shall not engage in any business, relationship or activity, which may be in conflict with the interests of the Company. Further, in case there is likely to be a conflict of interest, he/she should make full disclosure of all the facts and circumstances thereof to the Board of Directors and the prior approval of the Audit Committee and that of the Board is required to be obtained.

## PRINCIPLE  2  -  Businesses  should  provide  goods  and  services  in  a  manner  that  is  sustainable and safe

## Essential Indicators

1. Percentage of R&amp;D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the environmental and social impacts of product and processes to total R&amp;D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively.

Nil

2. a. Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing?

Yes. The  Company considers the social, ethical  and  environmental  performance  factors  in  the process of selecting suppliers.

Also, the Company is developing baseline insights on emissions, defining a sourcing strategy to lower emissions over time and implementing sourcing plans.

- b. If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?

30%

3. Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of life, for (a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) other waste based on the material nature.

Craftsman maintains Products and Service manuals for all its products which are released during the product dispatch and commissioning. Product and Service manual inter alia consists of product life cycle assessment details along with all applicable disposal methodologies.

4. Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity's activities (Yes / No). If yes, whether the waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control Boards? If not, provide steps taken to address the same.

With respect to ISO 14001 :2015, all the applicable statutory and regulatory compliances are followed. Further, the Company maintain OCP's (Operational control procedure) for all type of wastes handling.

## Leadership Indicators

1. Has the entity  conducted  Life  Cycle  Perspective  / Assessments  (LCA)  for  any  of  its  products  (for manufacturing industry) or for its services (for service industry)? If yes, provide details.

Yes. The Company has conducted Life Cycle Assessments for 18.28% of the products which were contributed  to  total  turnover  as  per  the  internal  guidelines  formulated  by  the  Company  CAL/IMS/ Design/F461 Rev 01 dated 07/07/2018

2. If  there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of your products / services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, briefly describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same.

Nil

3. Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing industry) or providing services (for service industry).
4. Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled, and safely disposed, as per the following format:

| Indicate input  material  Recycled or re-used input material to total material  FY 2021-22  FY 2020-21  Aluminium ingots  Recycled aluminium return material used  as  an  input  material  for  the  production  around 20% to 25%  Recycled aluminium return material used as an input  material for the production around 25% to 30%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Products are not reclaimed at the end of life of products, however, disposal mechanism is available in product manual.

5. Reclaimed  products  and  their  packaging  materials  (as  percentage  of  products  sold)  for  each product category.

Nil

## PRINCIPLE 3 - Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains

## Essential Indicators

1. a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:

| Category  % of employees covered by  Total  (A)  Health insurance  Accident  insurance  Maternity  benefits  Paternity  Benefits  Day Care  facilities  Num-  ber (B)  %  (B / A)  Num-  ber (C)  %  (C / A)  Num-  ber (D)  %  (D / A)  Num-  ber(E)  %  (E / A)  Num-  ber (F)  %  (F / A)  Permanent employees  Male  699  Nil  699  100%  N.A.  N.A.  Nil  Female  22  22  100%  22  100%  Total  721  721  100%  22  100%  Other than Permanent employees  Male  21  Nil  21  100%  Nil  Female  Nil  Nil  Nil  Total  21  21  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:

| Category  % of workers covered by  Total  (A)  Health insurance  Accident  insurance  Maternity  benefits  Paternity  Benefits  Day Care  facilities  Num-  ber (B)  %  (B / A)  Num-  ber (C)  %  (C / A)  Num-  ber (D)  %  (D / A)  Num-  ber (E)  %  (E / A)  Num-  ber (F)  %  (F / A)  Permanent Workers  Male  1337  Nil  1337  100%  Nil  Female  Nil  Nil  Nil  Total  1337  1337  100%  Other than Permanent Workers  Male  647  Nil  647  100%  Nil  Female  Nil  Nil  Nil  Total  647  647  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2. Details of retirement benefits, for Current Financial Year and Previous Financial Year.

| Benefits  FY 2021-22  FY 2020-21  No.of employ-  ees covered  as a % of total  employees  No.of workers  covered as  a % of total  workers  Deducted and  deposited with  the authority  (Y/N/N.A.)  No. of employ-  ees covered  as a % of total  employees  No. of workers  covered as  a % of total  workers  Deducted and  deposited with  the authority  (Y/N/N.A.)  PF  99.06%  99.95%  Y  99.22%  99.95%  Y  Gratuity  99.06%  99.95%  Y  99.22%  99.95%  Y  ESI  2.56%  37 .05%  Y  4.96%  52.48%  Y  Others -  Please  specify  Nil   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

3. Accessibility of workplaces

Are the premises / offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?

Yes

4. Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, provide a web-link to the policy.

Yes. The Policy has been published in the intranet

5. Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.

Nil

6. Is  there  a  mechanism  available  to  receive  and  redress  grievances  for  the  following  categories  of employees and worker? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
2. 7 . Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognised by the listed entity:

| Yes/No (If  Y es, then give details of  the mechanism in brief)  Permanent Workers  Yes. The Company has a grievance module in the internal ERP software, which  can be accessed by all the employees and workers using their login credentials.  Other than Permanent Workers  Permanent Employees  Other than Permanent Employees   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No Unions existing

8. Details of training given to employees and workers:
9. Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and worker:
10.  Health and safety management system:
- a. Whether  an  occupational  health  and  safety  management  system  has  been  implemented  by the entity?

| Category  FY 2021-22  FY 2020 -21  Total  (A)  On Health and Safety  Measures  On Skill  upgradation  Total  (D)  On Health and  Safety Measures  On Skill  upgradation  No. (B)  % (B/A)  No (C)  %(C/A)  No. (E)  %  (E/D)  No.(F)  % (F/D)  Employees  Male  720  705  98%  575  80%  633  615  97%  500  78%  Female  22  22  100%  22  100%  12  12  100%  12  100%  Total  742  727  98%  597  80%  645  627  97%  512  79%  Workers  Male  1984  1950  98%  1570  80%  1932  1875  97%  1500  78%  Female  -  Total  1984  1950  98%  1570  80%  1932  1875  97%  1500  78%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Category  FY 2021-22  FY 2020-21  Total (A)  No. (B)  % (B/A)  Total (C)  No. (D)  % (D/C)  Employees  Male  720  352  49%  633  483  76%  Female  22  13  59%  12  12  100%  Total  742  365  49%  645  495  76%  Workers  Male  1984  380  19%  1932  1618  84%  Female  Nil  Nil  Total  1984  380  19%  1932  1618  84%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Yes. Occupational Health and Safety Management System has been implemented.

Occupational Health and Safety protection is a integral component of the business.  The Company's goal is to treat the environment gently and use the natural resources sparingly without hampering the employees occupational Health and Safety by

- a) Establishing incident free work environment;
- b) Minimising wastage to prevent natural resources;
- c) Encouraging innovation for prevention of pollution, injury and ill health;
- d) Complying  with  all  applicable  legal,  statutory  &amp;  regulatory  and  other  required  related  to Environmental Occupational Health and Safety;
- e) Ensuring proper disposal of waste/ pollutant/ to minimise impact on environment and risk to employees;
- f) Continually improving the environmental Occupational Health and Safety performance.
- b. What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis by the entity?

Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA) model

- c. Whether  you  have  processes  for  workers  to  report  the  work  related  hazards  and  to  remove themselves from such risks. (Y/N)

Yes through Internal Audits, Safety Audits

- d. Do the employees/ worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services? (Yes/ No)

Yes

11. Details of safety related incidents, in the following format:
12.  Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy work place

| Safety Incident/Number  Category  FY 2021-22  FY 2020-21  Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR)  (per one million-person hours worked)  Employees  1.2  1.7  Workers  Total recordable work-related injuries  Employees  33  16  Workers  No. of fatalities  Employees  Nil  Nil  Workers  High consequence work-related injury or ill-health (excluding  fatalities)  Employees  Nil  Nil  Workers   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SAFETY MEASURES:

Safety has been a core value and always is the top priority in the company.  The Company has structured safety organization for monitoring, implementing and taking corrective actions for safety improvements. All the legal requirements as per the Factories Act 1948 for safety has been complied.

The Company has taken the following safety measures during the financial year.

1. Introduced EHS (Environmental Health And Safety) ERP Online software tool for upgrading and

improve the safety culture from the present safety system for analysing and creating better safe working environment;

2. Safety measures are taken to ensure safety as follows:
- a. Safety Walk through
- b. Safety Inspection
- c. Behavioural Observation
- d. Incident Investigation and analysis
- e. HIRA (Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment)
- f. Internal Audit
- g. Compliance on Statutory Requirements
- h. 5S monitoring
- i. Motivating employees to participate various continual improvement activities,
- j. Kaizen competition, Quiz competitions, Internal Sports competitions, Safety
- k. Committee meetings for employee engagement.
- l. Poka yoke Methods to prevent incidents in the machine
3. Emergency escape route plan updated and fixed at all the plants;
4. New Fire hydrant system installation work preparation under progress. Fire Drill conducted as per the norms in every two months once to all the departments;
5. New Admin Building smoke sensor, MCP , Emergency lighting system work completed;
6. Smoke sensor and FM-200 Fire extinguish system for all UPS storage rooms has been installed and smoke sensor panel fixed in emergency control center.
18. 7 . Conducted periodic mock drill and Fire drill training as per the requirement.
8. PPE's provided for all the hazardous work and regular monitoring for the compliance to ensure zero accident.
9. Hygiene monitoring Conducting monthly basis for Noise level, Lux level, Air monitoring - (O2, CH4, H2S, CO) &amp; (CO2, Temperature, Humidity) and fire Extinguisher all units in every department.
10.  Cold work, Hot work, Elevated work, Excavation work, Confined space entry work permits and LOTO system Introduced to all types of Non-routine activities to ensure ZERO accident.
22. 11.
23. All unsafe Act &amp; Conditions monitored and CAPA closed as per the time line.
13.  Number of Complaints on the  Working Conditions and Health &amp; Safety made by employees and workers:

Nil

14.  Assessments for the year:
15.  Provide  details  of  any  corrective  action  taken  or  underway  to  address  safety-related  incidents  (if any) and on significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health &amp; safety practices and working conditions.

| % of your plants and offices that were assessed  (by entity or Statutory Authorities or third parties)  Health and safety practices  100%  Working Conditions  100%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company has been making continual improvement activities based on the risk value which are on progress.

## Leadership Indicators

1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of (A) Employees (Y/N) (B) Workers (Y/N).

The Company has provided compensation of 18 months salary, Educational fees for 2 children upto Higher Secondary education, Family Health insurance for 3 years only to the employees' family who lost their lives due to COVID.

2. Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited by the value chain partners.

The Company will make a due diligence check on periodical basis which includes ensuring compliance for various applicable laws of value chain partners and defaults in Statutory dues if any.

3. Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work- related injury / illhealth / fatalities (as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been are rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment: Nil
4. Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes/ No) No
5. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.

| % of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners)  that were assessed  Health and safety practices  100% Supplier Evaluation  Working Conditions  100% Supplier Evaluation   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Not Applicable.  No such significant risks had occurred during the year.

## PRINCIPLE 4 - Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders

## Essential Indicator

1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity

The Company has identified all the individuals, organisations and Institutions who are associated with the Company as its Stakeholders.

2. List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder group

| Stakeholder  Group  Channels of communication  (Email, SMS, Newspaper, Pam-  phlets, Advertisement, Community  Meetings, Notice Board, Website),  Other  Frequency of engage-  ment  (Annually/ Half yearly/  Quarterly /  others - please specify)  Purpose and scope of engage-  ment including key topics and  concerns raised during such  engagement  Suppliers,  Service  Providers  Email, Meetings, Phone calls,  Websites  Regularly  Business/Project related  Customers  Email, Meetings, Websites, Phone  calls, Social Media  Regularly  Business/Project related   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contd..

| Investors  Quarterly publication of results,  Newspaper advertisements, Email,  Website, Analysts/Investor Calls,  Annual General Meetings, Stock  Exchange intimations.  Annually/Half yearly/  Quarterly/ Event basis  Compliance, Governance  practices  Creditors  Emails, Phone Calls, Meetings  Annually/Half yearly/  Quarterly/ Event basis  Banking/Credit facilities  Employees  Email, Phone calls, SMS, Meetings,  Notice Board, ERP system.  Regularly  Day to day activities / Conduct  of business  Regulatory  Bodies  Emails, Meetings, Submission forms /  returns / intimations/ letters etc.  Annually/Half yearly/  Quarterly/ Event basis  In relation to Compliances with  applicable laws  Auditors  Emails, Meetings, Phone Calls,  Annually/Half yearly/  Quarterly/ Event basis  Audit purposes  Local  Community  Newspaper advertisements/ Physical  Meetings / Reviews/Assessments  Event basis  CSR Programmes and other  initiatives   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Vulnerable &amp; Marginalized Group stakeholders are identified based on the applicability criteria.

## Leadership Indicators

1. Provide  the  processes  for  consultation  between  stakeholders  and  the  Board  on  economic,  environmental, and social topics or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.

Consultation with the Stakeholders are being submitted by the internal team to the Board of Directors and the Board is made aware of all the initiatives, targets and projects on ESG.

2. Whether  stakeholder  consultation  is  used  to  support  the  identification  and  management  of environmental, and social topics (Yes / No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on these topics were incorporated into policies and activities of the entity.

The Company believes that the consultation from Stakeholders and implementation of the same will be carried out and continuous improvement of the policies will be made accordingly.

3. Provide  details  of  instances  of  engagement  with,  and  actions  taken  to,  address  the  concerns  of vulnerable/ marginalized stakeholder groups.

Nil

## PRINCIPLE 5 - Businesses should respect and promote human rights

## Essential Indicators

1. Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity, in the following format:
2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
3. Details of remuneration/salary/wages, in the following format:

| Category  FY 2021-22  FY 2020-21  Total (A)  No. of employees /  workers covered  (B)  %  (B / A)  Total (C)  No. of employees  / workers Covered  (D)  %  (D / C)  Employees  Permanent  721  721  100%  625  625  100%  Other than permanent  21  21  100%  20  20  100%  Total Employees  742  742  100%  645  645  100%  Workers  Permanent  1337  1337  100%  1364  1364  100%  Other than permanent  647  647  100%  568  568  100%  Total Workers  1984  1984  100%  1932  1932  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Category  FY 2021-22  FY 2020-21  Total  (A)  Equal to  Minimum  Wage  More than  Minimum  Wage  Total  (D)  Equal to  Minimum  Wage  More than  Minimum  Wage  No.  (B)  %  (B /A)  No.  (C)  %  (C / A)  No.  (E)  %  (E / D)  No.  (F)  %  (F / D)  Employees  Permanent  -  -  Male  699  699  100%  613  613  100%  Female  22  22  100%  12  22  100%  Other than  Permanent  Male  21  21  100%  20  20  100%  Female  -  -  -  -  -  -  Workers  Permanent  -  -  Male  1337  1337  100%  1364  1364  100%  Female  -  -  -  -  -  -  Other than  Permanent  Male  647  647  100%  568  568  100%  Female  -  -  -  -  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( C in Lakhs)

| Male  Female  Number  Median remuneration/  salary/ wages of  respective category  Number  Median remuneration/  salary/ wages of respec-  tive category  Board of Directors (BoD)  3  6  1  6  Key Managerial Personnel  5  68  -  N.A.  Employees other than BoD and KMP  569  8  9  5  Workers  1263  4  -  N.A.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Considered only employees who were employed during the entire financial year

4. Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes/No)

Yes

5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.

Complaints Committee is constituted. The Board of Directors will periodically review the grievances received, pending and resolved during the quarter/year and the Employees are conveyed about the internal mechanisms in place to address human rights issues at the time of Induction training program.

6. Number  of  Complaints  made  by  employees  and  workers  on  Sexual  Harassment,  Discrimination at  workplace,  Child  Labour,  Forced  Labour/Involuntary  Labour,  Wages  and  Other  human  rights related issues.

Nil

- 7 . Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.

An appropriate complaint mechanism in the form of 'Complaints Committee' has been created in the Company for time-bound redressal of the complaint made by the victim.

8. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts?

Yes

9. Assessments for the year
10.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from the assessments at Question 9 above

| % of your plants and offices that were assessed  (by entity or Statutory Authorities or third parties)  Child labour  100 %  Forced/involuntary labour  100 %  Sexual harassment  100 %  Discrimination at workplace  100 %  Wages  100 %  Others - please specify  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No significant risks / concerns arose.

## Leadership Indicators

1. Details  of  a  business  process  being  modified  /  introduced  as  a  result  of  addressing  human  rights grievances/complaints.

No

2. Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due-diligence conducted.

Nil

3. Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?

Yes

4. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
5. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from the assessments at Question 4 above.

| % of value chain partners (by value of business done  with such partners) that were assessed  Sexual Harassment  Nil  Discrimination at workplace  Child Labour  Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour  Wages  Others - please specify   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Not applicable.

## PRINCIPLE 6 - Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment

## Essential Indicators

1. Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format:
2. Does  the  entity  have  any  sites  /  facilities  identified  as  designated  consumers  (DCs)  under  the Performance, Achieve  and Trade  (PAT)  Scheme  of  the  Government  of  India?  (Y/N)  If  yes,  disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme have been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any.

| Parameter  FY 2021-22  FY 2020-21  Total electricity consumption (A)  7 ,04,05,155  4,63,79,740  Total fuel consumption (B)  27 ,70,452  24,54,632  Energy consumption through  other sources (C)  3,01,96,492  3,20,86,844  Total energy consumption (A+B+C)  10,33,72,099  8,09,20,946  Energy intensity per rupee of Turnover (Total energy consumption/  turnover in rupees)  C  4.70 per  thousand turnover  C  5.23 per  thousand turnover   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No

3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:
4. Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and implementation.

| Parameter  FY 2021-22  FY 2020-21  Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)  (i) Surface water  Nil  Nil  (ii) Groundwater  5912  7349  (iii)  Third party water  62576  57613  (iv) Seawater / desalinated water  Nil  Nil  (v) Others  Nil  Nil  Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) (i + ii + iii + iv + v)  68488  64962  Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres)  68358  64845  Water intensity  per rupee of turnover (Water consumed / turnover)  C  0.31 per  Lakh turnover  C  0.42 per Lakh  turnover   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Yes. The  Company  has  Effluent  treatment  plants  (ETP)  of  42  KLD  Capacity  to  purify  waste  water for its reuse.

5. Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format:

| Parameter  Please specify unit  FY 2021-22  FY 2020-21  NOx  µg/m 3  14.5  13.2  SOx  µg/m 3  7 .4  7 .1  Particulate matter (PM)  µg/m 3  12.5  12.3  Persistent organic pollutants (POP)  µg/m 3  &lt;0.1  &lt;0.1  Volatile organic compounds (VOC)  µg/m3  Not Detected  Not Detected  Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)  Nil  Nil  Nil  Others-please specify  Nil   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

6. Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) &amp; its intensity: Nil
2. 7 . Does  the  entity  have  any  project  related  to  reducing  Green  House  Gas  emission?  If Yes,  then provide details.

No

8. Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:
9. Briefly  describe  the  waste  management  practices  adopted  in  your  establishments.  Describe  the strategy adopted by your company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the practices adopted to manage such wastes.

| Parameter  FY 2021-22  FY 2020-21  Total Waste generated (in metric tonnes)  Plastic waste (A)  -  -  E-waste (B)  1042 Kg  975 Kg  Bio-medical waste (C)  NA  NA  Constructionand demolition waste (D)  -  -  Battery waste (E)  Recycled  Recycled  Radioactive waste (F)  NA  NA  Other Hazardous waste. Please  specify, if any. (G)  Used oil, Oil soaked  cotton waste,  Paint sludge,  Phosphate sludge,  Grinding sludge  &amp; ETP Sludge  -  Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H)  Metal burr (Cast iron  + Aluminium scrap)  -  For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery  operations (in metric tonnes)  Category of waste  (i) Recycled  -  -  (ii) Re-used  -  -  (iii) Other recovery operations  ETP &amp;  STP -8400 KD  -  For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes)  Category of waste  Used Cotton, ETP  Paint, Phosphate,  Oil waste,  Waste sludge  (i) Incineration  2960 Kg  -  (ii) Landfilling  2625 kg  2170 Kg  (iii) Other disposal operations  Recycling   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Operational Control Procedures (OCPs) are available for each type of waste categories

10.  If  the  entity  has  operations/offices  in/around  ecologically  sensitive  areas  (such  as  national  parks, wildlife sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where environmental approvals / clearances are required, please specify details.

Not applicable

11. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current financial year:

Not applicable. The Company's units are not located in Eco-logically sensitive areas.

12.  Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India; such as the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment protection act and rules thereunder (Y/N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances.

The Company has complied with all the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India

## Leadership Indicators

1. Provide  break-up  of  the  total  energy  consumed  (in  Joules  or  multiples)  from  renewable  and  nonrenewable sources, in the following format:
2. Provide the following details related to water discharged:

| Parameter  FY 2021-22  FY 2020-21  From renewable sources  Total electricity consumption (A)  88,71,362  1,56,20,802  Total fuel consumption (B)  -  -  Energy consumption through other sources (C)  -  -  Total energy consumed from renewable sources (A+B+C)  88,71,362  1,56,20,802  From non-renewable sources  Total electricity consumption (D)  9,17 ,30,285  6,28,45,512  Total fuel consumption (E)  27 ,70,452  24,54,632  Energy consumption through other sources (F)  -  -  Total energy consumed from non-renewable sources (D+E+F)  10,33,72,099  8,09,20,946   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Parameter  FY 2021-22  FY 2020-21  Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)  (i)  To Surface water  -  No treatment  -  -  With  treatment  -  please  specify  level  of treatment  (ii)   T o Groundwater  -  No treatment  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| -  With  treatment  -  please  specify  level  of treatment  RO - 18000 KL  RO - 16200 KL  (iii)   T o Seawater  -  No treatment  -  -  With  treatment  -  please  specify  level  of treatment  (iv)   in to the third-party Water  -  No treatment  -  -  -  With  treatment  -  please  specify  level  of treatment  ETP 23,400  KL  ETP - 12600 KL  (v)  Others  -  No treatment  -  -  With  treatment  -  please  specify  level  of treatment  Total water discharged (in kilolitres)  41,400 KL  28,800 KL   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

3. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres):

For each facility / plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information:

- (i) Name of the area: LPDC, HPDC, Heat Treatment &amp; Induction Hardening
- (ii) Nature of operations: Cooling Tower
- (iii)  Water  withdrawal,  consumption  and  discharge  in  the  following  format:  Please  refer  table  in Essential Indicators
4. Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions &amp; its intensity, in the following format:

No such requirements

5. With  respect  to  the  ecologically  sensitive  areas  reported  at  Question  10  of  Essential  Indicators above, provide details of significant direct &amp; indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention and remediation activities.

Not applicable

6. If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions / effluent discharge / waste generated, please provide details of the same as well as outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format:

The Company has taken initiatives like OCP , EMP , Tree Plantation and Water reservoir. Please refer the Company website for further details.

- 7 . Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan?

Emergency Response plan

8. Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What mitigation or adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this regard.

Nil

9. Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed for environmental impacts.

Nil

## PRINCIPLE 7 - Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is responsible and transparent

## Essential Indicators

1. a. Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/ associations.

## 16

- b.   List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such body) the entity is a member of/ affiliated to.

The following are the list of trade and industry chambers/ associations in which the entity is a member:

| S. No.  Name of the trade and industry chambers/ associations  Reach of trade and industry  chambers/ associations  (State/National)  1  Indo-German Chamber of Commerce  India &amp; Germany  2  The Institute of Indian Foundrymen  National  3  Indian Management Association  4  Indian Machine Tool Manufacturing Association  5  Confederation of Indian Industry  6  National Safety Council of India  7  Aluminium Caster Association of India  8  Tool and Gauge Manufacturers Association (Tagma)  9  GDC Tech  10  Indian Machine Tool Manufacturer Association -IMTMA  11  The Southern India Engineering Manufactures Association (SIEMA)  South India  12  The Coimbatore Productivity Council  State  13  Industrial Waste management Association  14  Tamilnadu Waste Management Association  15  Co-India  Coimbatore   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2. Provide  details  of  corrective  action  taken  or  underway  on  any  issues  related  to  anti-  competitive conduct by the entity, based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.

Not Applicable. The Company has not received any adverse orders from regulatory authorities.

## Leadership Indicators

1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity:

The Company through the Industry Associations and Chambers of Commerce at National, State and Local levels works to advocate and pursue various causes that are in the larger interests of industry, economy, society and the public.

## PRINCIPLE 8 - Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development

## Essential Indicators

1. Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current financial year.

The Company has not undertaken Social Impact Assessments.

2. Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&amp;R) is being undertaken by your entity.

Not Applicable

3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.

The Company has internal grievance redressal mechanism in place to address the grievance raised by the stakeholders. The Board reviews the status of the grievance raised, pending, disposed during every quarter

4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:

| FY 2021-22  FY2020-21  Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers  7%  5%  Sourced directly from within the district and neighbouring districts  The Company has its plants at various  districts. Materials are sourced from  within the  district  and neighbouring  districts for the concerned plants to  the extent possible.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Leadership Indicators

1. Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the social Impact Assessments (Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above):

Not Applicable

2. Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts as identified by government bodies.

The Company has spent an amount of C 224 Lakhs during FY 2021-22 towards CSR Projects identified at the local areas of the location of Company's plants/units.

3. (a)   Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers comprising marginalized /vulnerable groups?

No

- (b) From which marginalized /vulnerable groups do you procure?

Not Applicable

- (c) What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute?

Not Applicable

4. Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity (in the current financial year), based on traditional knowledge:

Nil

5. Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related disputes wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved.

Not Applicable

6. Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects

| S.  No.  CSR Project  No. of persons  benefitted  from  CSR Projects  %  of  benefi-  ciaries  from  vulnerable and  marginalized  groups  1  Setting up of Modular Oxygen system , Coimbatore - ESI Hospital  Oxygen supply to 20  beds  Beneficiaries of the CSR projects also includes vulnerable and marginalized groups  2  Tamil Nadu State  Disaster  Management  Authority  Many  3  Donated bed, bedspread and pillow to Covid 19 set up at Tamil  Nadu Engineering College, Karumathampatti  Patients admitted  because of COVID 19  4  Donated cots to Covid 19 set up at Arasur village  All those who have  admitted for COVID 19  5  Donated cots to Covid 19 set up at Kaniyur village  All those who have  admitted for COVID 19  6  Distribution  of  grocery  items  to  the  frontline  workers  &amp;  village  people during Covid 19 lockdown  Hundreds  7  Donated to  The District Collector, CSR Funds towards  vaccination  of  common / underprivileged  people  against  Corona  disease  1000  8  Amount was spent to level the land, fencing, borewell digging,  drip irrigation and plantation of trees.  People in and around  Sangothipalayam village  9  Promoting  Road  safety  education  /  awareness    and  promoting  preventive health care to Govt. and Corporation schools  In thousands  10.  Productivity week / conclave programs to be conducted by The  Coimbatore Productivity Council  100 Approx.  11  Construction  of  One  Classroom  of  30x20  feet  along  with  the  electrical  fittings  255 Students  12  Construction  of  Two Toilets  with  complete  toilets  fittings  and  Construction of one basketball court in the school premises 75 X  40 feet with PCC flooring  154 Students  13  Construction of cement concrete wash basin with 6 nos of tap  and water outlet soak pit and White wash of the Boundary wall  180 Approx  14  White wash of three storey building with minor repair work.  800 Approx  15  Eye  check  up  /  eye  surgery  /  spectacles  for  needy  people,  preventive medical assistance.  171  16  Construction of class room, Pimple Jagtap, Pune  87 students  17  Distribution of grocery items to the village people during Covid  19 lockdown  50  18  Contribution towards Setting up of IDEA Lab  College students  19  Fixing  up  of  hand  wash  basin  facilities.  5250 Students  20  Donated grocery items during Chennai flood  Affected people  21  Construction  of  community  hall  and  hand  pump  for  water  arrangement in Bikanipur and Padampur village  Village people  22  Construction of class room for Palwadi school in Sangothipalayam  village  Children around  sangothipalayam village  23  Amount was spent to level the land, fencing, borewell digging,  drip irrigation and plantation of trees.  People in and around  Sellappampalayam  village  24  Donated cot,bed, bed sheet, pillow, pillow cover and blanket  to  Urban Primary Health Centre, Ganapathy, Coimbatore  Many patients admitted  in the PHC  25  Construction  of  school  building  in  Govt  Middle  school,  Mambakkam, Sriperumbudur, Chennai  145 students   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PRINCIPLE 9 - Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner

## Essential Indicators

1. Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback

Customer Monitoring Tracking System is available and Customer can make service complaints through the customer monitoring tracking system. The Company is continuously surveil the complaints and take appropriate action within the target time internally fixed by the Company.

2. Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information about:

Packing  materials  contains  information  about  Environmental  and  social  parameters.  Industrial  &amp; Engineering products such as SPM, Storage products and material handling products carry information about the Safe and responsible usage. Details on Recycling and safe disposal is mentioned in the product manual and recycling symbols are also displayed in the products.

3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of Data privacy, Advertising, Cyber-security, Delivery of essential services, Restrictive Trade Practices, unfair Trade Practices and other.

Nil

4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues.

Nil

5. Does the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? Yes. Web-link: : https://www.craftsmanautomation.com/investors/
6. Provide  details  of  any  corrective  actions  taken  or  underway  on  issues  relating  to  advertising,  and delivery of essential services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty / action taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services. Not Applicable

## Leadership Indicators

1. Channels  /  platforms  where  information  on  products  and  services  of  the  entity  can  be  accessed (provide web link, if available).

https://www.craftsmanautomation.com/

2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/ or services.

Product Manual consists of safety and usage procedures about products.

3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services. Service complaints are communicated through mail.
4. Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? (Yes/No/Not Applicable) If yes, provide details in brief.

Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products / services of the entity, significant locations of operation of the entity or the entity as a whole? (Y es/No)

Yes. After the installation of the every product, customer feedback form and customer satisfactory survey form are received for understanding the customers satisfaction. For low scores, the Company has taken action on priority basis.

The Company's plants are strategically located near the key customers for their satisfaction.

5. Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
- a. Number of instances of data breaches along-with impact Nil
- b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers Nil

## ANNEXURE - 11

## CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION

[As per Listing Agreement and Regulation 17(8) of the Securities And Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]

To The Board of Directors Craftsman Automation Limited

In compliances with the Regulation 17(8) of the Securities And Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby certify that:

- (a)   We have  reviewed  financial statements  and  the  cash  flow  statement  for the  year  ended 31 st  March 2022 and that to the best of their knowledge and belief:
- (i) These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be misleading;
- (ii)   These  statements  together  present  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  company's  affairs  and  are  in compliance with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
- (b)   There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year 2021-22 which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the company's code of conduct.
- (c)   We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for the financial reporting and that we have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the company pertaining to financial reporting and we have not observed any deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls.
- (d)   We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit committee that there are:
- (i) No significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;
- (ii)   No significant changes in accounting policies during the year; and
- (iii)  No instances of significant  fraud  where  the  involvement  of  the  management  or  an  employee having a significant role in the company's internal control system over financial reporting have been observed.

| Coimbatore  Srinivasan Ravi Chairman and Managing Director  C B Chandrasekar Chief Financial Officer  09.05.2022   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Coimbatore 09.05.2022

## ANNEXURE - 12

DECLARATION BY THE MANAGING DIRECTOR / CEO UNDER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD  OF  INDIA  (LISTING  OBLIGATIONS AND  DISCLOSURE  REQUIREMENTS)  REGULATIONS, 2015 REGARDING THE COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE OF CONDUCT

In accordance with the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, I hereby confirm that, all Board Members and Senior Management Personnel of the Company have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct, as applicable to them, for the financial year ended  31 st  March, 2022.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Srinivasan Ravi Chairman and Managing Director DIN:01257716

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the members of Craftsman Automation Limited

## Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements

## Opinion

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  standalone financial statements of Craftsman Automation Limited  ('the  Company'),  which  comprise  the Balance  Sheet  as  at  March  31,  2022,  and  the Statement  of  Profit and  Loss  (including  Other Comprehensive  Income),  the  Statement  of  Cash Flows and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and notes to the standalone financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as 'the standalone financial statements').

In  our  opinion  and  to  the  best  of  our  information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone financial statements give the information  required  by  the  Companies  Act,  2013 ('the Act')  in  the  manner  so  required  and  give  a true  and  fair  view  in  conformity  with  the  Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)  Rules,  2015,  as  amended  ('Ind  AS') and other accounting principles generally accepted in  India,  of  the  state  of  affairs  of  the  Company as  at  March  31,  2022,  and  its  profit  and  total comprehensive income, its cash flows and changes in equity for the year ended on that date.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements  in  accordance  with  the  Standards  on

Auditing  ('Standards'  or  'SAs')  specified  under section  143(10)  of  the  Act.  Our  responsibilities under  those  Standards  are  further  described  in the ' Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements' section of our report.

We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered  Accountants  of  India  ('ICAI')  together with  the  ethical  requirements  that  are  relevant  to our  audit  of  the  standalone  financial  statements under  the  provisions  of  the  Act  and  the  Rules made thereunder,  and  we  have  fulfilled  our  other ethical  responsibilities  in  accordance  with  these requirements  and  the  ICAI's  Code  of  Ethics.  We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the standalone financial statements.

## Key Audit Matters

Key  audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period.  These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the standalone financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.

## Sr. No Key audit matter description and principal audit procedures

## 1. Accounting for derivative contracts

Refer Notes B.7 , 1 .8, 1 .15, 1 .21, 1 .27 , 2.8 and 3.4 in standalone financial statements

A significant source of Company's funds is borrowings, denominated in Indian rupee and foreign currency with a combination of fixed and floating interest rates.

The Company's cost of borrowing will be impacted by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and  movement  in  interest  rates. The  Company's  mitigation  plan  for  risk  of  foreign  currency fluctuation  and  interest  rate  fluctuation  includes  using  derivative  instruments  as  per  its  risk management policy.

These hedges taken using derivative instruments are designated as either cashflow or fair value hedge. Estimating future cash flows is a significant factor in determining the mark to market gain or loss, accounting of such forward contracts and in the determination of its fair value. Significant judgement is applied in making these estimates by the expert used by the management.

As at March 31, 2022, the carrying value of the Company's derivatives included derivative assets amounting to C 855 Lakhs and derivative liabilities of C 538 Lakhs.

Accounting for derivative contracts is considered as a key audit matter because of the significant judgement and estimates used in the fair valuation and the complex compliance framework for determining the accounting &amp; disclosure of these transactions in accordance with Ind AS 109 'Financial Instruments' - Accounting (including recognition and derecognition of financial assets or liabilities).  These class of transactions are material with respect to the financial statements.

Our procedures related to audit of accounting for derivative contracts include the following

- understanding and evaluating the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of internal controls over the completeness, existence and valuation of derivative instruments and management's documentation of the hedge effectiveness, accounting of derivative and hedging transactions;
- examining the derivative contracts;
- testing qualifying criteria for hedge accounting in accordance with Ind AS 109, including:
- o understanding  the  risk  management  objectives  and  strategies  for  different  types  of hedge instruments;
- o evaluating that the relationship between the underlying liability and the hedge instrument;
- o using an expert for auditing the valuation and reviewing the hedge effectiveness test carried  out  by  management  as  per  Ind  AS  109,  including  the  economic  relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
- evaluating competence and capabilities of the auditor's experts and ensuring independence;
- involving the auditor's expert for testing the appropriateness of hedge accounting to qualified hedge relationships i.e., cash flow or fair value hedges;
- testing on sample basis the valuation of derivative instruments by management expert;
- for  selected  samples,  checking  the  confirmations  from  counterparties  to  the  derivative contracts for the valuation as at the year-end;
- checking  the  presentation  and  disclosures  in  the  financial  statements  for  compliance with Ind AS 109.

## 2. Accounting for Property, Plant and Equipment

Refer Notes B.3, B.5, 1.1, 1.2 and 2.6 in standalone financial statements

Property, plant and equipment including capital work in progress ('PPE') represents 56% of the Company's total assets.

The capitalisation of PPE includes the fair value of the consideration given to acquire the asset (net of discounts and rebates) and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use (inclusive of non-refundable purchase taxes and duties).

Depreciation is generally charged as per Schedule II to Companies Act, 2013. In respect of certain classes of PPE, the useful life has been ascertained based on technical review by a Chartered Engineer and assessment by the management.

The Company carries out physical verification of PPE as per their policy on an annual basis.

The Company uses estimates and assumptions to determine the useful life of assets, residual value,  assess  impairment  loss  (if  any). The  useful  life  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is determined by the technical team of the management taking into consideration the industry practice, the application and usage factors and past historical trend.  The residual value at the end of the useful life of property, plant and equipment is estimated in determining the depreciable value of the asset. Impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment involves identification of Cash Generating Unit (CGU) using judgement and estimating future cash flows arising of out of such CGUs.

Due to the material value to total assets and estimates/judgements involved in their valuation, the audit of accounting of Property, Plant and Equipment has been considered as a Key Audit Matter in the audit of these financial statements

Our  procedures  relating  to  audit  of  accounting  for  Property,  Plant  and  Equipment  includes the following:

- evaluating of design and implementation of controls and testing the operating effectiveness of the internal controls over:
- o measurement of initial recognition costs including costs of self-constructed PPE;
- o valuation of PPE and review of useful lives including depreciation rates applied;
- o periodic physical verification of property, plant and equipment by the management;
- testing on sample basis the value of self-constructed assets with underlying documentation to assess compliance with applicable accounting standards;
- wherever the useful life of a PPE considered is different from the useful life indicated in the Act, obtain confirmation from management's technical team for the useful life for the same;
- reviewing the residual value of PPE considered by the management for consistency and appropriateness;
- understanding the basis behind identification of Cash Generating Units by the management and review the future cash flow projections for the same;
- checking the computation and correctness of the discounting factor applied for arriving at value in use and impairment thereof, if any;
- checking the reasonableness of the assumptions made by the management in identifying CGUs, assessing the future cash flows, discount factor and impairment loss;
- physically inspecting a sample of assets at one of the main units of the Company during the year to ensure existence of PPE;
- reviewing  the  physical  verification  reports  of  the  management  and  the  treatment  of discrepancies in the books of accounts / Fixed Asset Register, wherever applicable.

## Information other than the standalone financial statements and Auditor's Report thereon

The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for the preparation of the other information.  The other information  comprises  the  information  included  in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board's Report and Annexures to Board's Report including the report on Corporate Governance, but does not include the standalone financial statements and our report thereon.

Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information  is materially inconsistent with  the  standalone  financial  statements  or  our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of Management  and  Those Charged  with  Governance  for  the  standalone financial statements

The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial  performance including other comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in equity of the Company in accordance with  the  Ind  AS  and  other  accounting  principles generally accepted in India. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other  irregularities;  selection  and  application  of appropriate accounting policies; making judgements and  estimates  that  are  reasonable  and  prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of  adequate  internal  financial  controls,  that  were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness  of  accounting  records,  relevant  to the preparation and presentation of the standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud and error.

In  preparing  the  standalone  financial  statements, the  management  of  the  Company  is  responsible for assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related  to  going  concern  and  using  the  going concern  basis  of  accounting  unless  management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those  Board  of  Directors  are  also  responsible for overseeing the Company's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's  Responsibility  for  the  Audit  of  the Standalone Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance whether the standalone financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that  includes  our  opinion.  Reasonable  assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that  an  audit  conducted  in  accordance  with  SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,  they  could  reasonably  be  expected  to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  SAs,  we  exercise professional  judgment  and  maintain  professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence  that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a material  misstatement  resulting  from  fraud is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control;
- obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control relevant to the audit in order to design audit  procedures  that  are  appropriate  in  the circumstances.  Under  section  143(3)(i)  of  the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting  and  the  operating  effectiveness  of such controls;
- evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting  estimates  and  related  disclosures made by management;
- conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related  to  events  or  conditions  that  may  cast significant  doubt  on  the  Company's  ability  to continue  as  a  going  concern.  If  we  conclude that a material uncertainty exists,  we  are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to  the  related  disclosures  in  the  standalone financial  statements  or,  if  such  disclosures are  inadequate,  to  modify  our  opinion.  Our conclusions  are  based  on  the  audit  evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However,  future events or conditions  may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern;

- evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial statements, including  the  disclosures,  and  whether  the standalone financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the standalone financial statements may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i)  planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the standalone financial statements.

We communicate with those charged with governance  regarding,  among  other  matters,  the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  and other  matters  that  may  reasonably  be  thought  to bear  on  our  independence,  and  where  applicable, related safeguards. From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those  matters  that  were  of  most  significance  in the audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare  circumstances,  we  determine  that  a  matter should not be communicated in our report because the  adverse  consequences  of  doing  so  would reasonably  be  expected  to  outweigh  the  public interest benefits of such communication.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

1. As required by the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2020 ('the Order') issued by  the  Central  Government  of  India  in  terms of  section  143(11)  of  the  Act,  we  give  in Annexure 'A' to this report, a statement on the matters specified in para 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.

2.

- As  required  by  section  143(3)  of  the  Act,  we report that:
- (a) we  have  sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best  of  our  knowledge  and  belief  were necessary for the purposes of our audit;
- (b) in  our  opinion,  proper  books  of  accounts as required by law have been kept by the Company  so  far  as  it  appears  from  our examination of those books;
- (c) the Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and  Loss  including  other  comprehensive income, the Statement of Cash Flows and Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by  this  report  are  in  agreement  with  the books of account;
- (d) in  our  opinion,  the  aforesaid  standalone financial statements comply with the Indian  Accounting  Standards  prescribed under  section  133  of  the  Act,  read  with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended;
- (e) on the basis of the written representations received  from  the  directors  as  on  March 31,  2022  taken  on  record  by  the  Board of Directors, none  of the directors is disqualified  as  on  March  31,  2022  from being appointed as a director in terms of section 164(2) of the Act;
- (f) with  respect  to  the  adequacy  of  internal financial  controls  over  financial  reporting of the Company and the operative effectiveness  of  such  controls,  refer  to our separate Report in 'Annexure B' . Our report expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the Company's internal financial controls over financial reporting.
- (g) with respect to other matters to be included in the Auditor's Report in accordance with the requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the Company  to  its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act.
- (h) with respect to the other matters to be  included  in the  Auditor's Report  in

accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended,  in  our  opinion  and  to  the  best of  our  information  and  according  to  the explanations given to us:

- i. the Company, as detailed in Note 3.6 to the standalone financial statements, has  disclosed  the  impact  of  pending litigations on its financial position;
- ii. The  Company  has  made  provision, as required under the applicable law or accounting standards, for material foreseeable  losses,  if any, on long-term contracts including derivative contracts;
- iii. there  were  no  amounts  due  which were  required  to  be  transferred  to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the Company
- iv. a)   the  management  has  represented that,  to  the  best  of  its  knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or  loaned  or  invested  (either  from borrowed  funds  or  share  premium or  any  other  sources  or  kind  of funds) by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entity ('Intermediaries'), with  the  understanding,  whether recorded  in  writing  or  otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other  persons  or  entities  identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf  of  the  Company  ('Ultimate Beneficiaries') or provide any guarantee,  security  or  the  like  on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
- b)   the  management  has  represented, that,  to  the  best  of  its  knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in

the  aggregate)  have  been  received by  the  Company  from  any  person or entity,  including  foreign  entity ('Funding Parties'), with the understanding, whether recorded in  writing  or  otherwise,  that  the Company  shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party ('Ultimate Beneficiaries') or provide any guarantee,  security  or  the  like  on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;

- c)   based on the audit procedures that have  been  considered  reasonable and  appropriate  in  the  circumstances, nothing has come to our notice that has  caused  us  to  believe  that  the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material misstatement.
- v. as stated in Note 1.18 to the standalone  financial  statements,  the Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company have  proposed  final  dividend  for  the year  which  is  subject  to  the  approval of the members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The amount of dividend  proposed  is  in  accordance  with section 123 of the Act, as applicable.

## for SHARP &amp; TANNAN

## Chartered Accountants (Firm's Registration No. 003792S)

## V.  Viswanathan

Place: Coimbatore Date: May 9, 2022

Partner Membership No. 215565 UDIN: 22215565AIQISE4917

## Annexure A to the Independent Auditor's Report

With reference to paragraph 1 under 'Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements' section of our report to the members of Craftsman Automation Limited ('the Company') of even date, we report the following:

- (i) (a) (A)  the  Company  has  maintained  proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation of its property, plant  and equipment and relevant details of Right-of-Use Assets;
- (B)   the  Company  has  maintained  proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets.
- (b)   the Company has a regular programme of physical  verification  of  its  property,  plant and  equipment  which,  in  our  opinion,  is reasonable having regard to the size of the Company  and  the  nature  of  its  property, plant  and  equipment.  In  accordance  with this  programme,  certain  property,  plant and equipment were physically verified by the  management  during  the  year  and  no material  discrepancies  were  noticed  on such verification;
- (c)   according to the information and explanations  given  to  us  and  the  records examined  by  us,  we  report  that,  the  title deeds  of  all  the  immovable  properties  of land and buildings which are freehold and included  under  the  head  'Property,  plant and  equipment'  are  held  in  the  name  of the Company;
- (d)   the  Company  has  not  revalued  any  of  its Property,  Plant  and  Equipment  (including right-of-use  assets)  and  intangible  assets during the year
- (e)   no proceedings have been initiated during the year or  are  pending  against  the  Company as at March 31, 2022 for holding any benami property  under  the  Benami  Transactions (Prohibition)  Act,  1988  (as  amended  in 2016) and rules made thereunder.
- (ii) a) in our opinion, the management of the Company has conducted physical verification  of  inventories  at  reasonable intervals during the year and the coverage and  procedures  of  such  verification  by the management is appropriate. The discrepancies noticed on such verification

were  not  material  and  these  have  been properly dealt with in the books of account;

- b) the Company has been sanctioned working capital  limits  in  excess  of C 5  Crore,  in aggregate,  during  the  year,  from  banks or  financial  institutions  on  the  basis  of security of current assets and the quarterly returns or statements filed by the company with such banks or financial institutions are in  agreement  with  the  books  of  account of the Company
2. (iii) based on our audit procedures &amp; according to the  information  and  explanation  given  to  us, the  Company  has  not  made  investments  in, provided any guarantee or security or granted any  loans  or  advances  in  the  nature  of  loans, secured  or  unsecured,  to  companies,  firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or any other parties. Accordingly, paragraph 3(iii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company
3. (iv) according to the information and explanations given  to  us,  the  Company  has  granted  loans and made investment, and has complied with the  provisions  of  section  185  and  186  of  the Companies Act, 2013;
4. (v) according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not accepted any deposits from public during the year and does not have any unclaimed deposits as at March 31,    2022  and  hence  the  provisions  of  the paragraph 3(v) of the Order is not applicable to the Company;
5. (vi) the Central Government has specified maintenance  of  cost  records  under  section 148(1)  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013. We  have broadly reviewed the cost records maintained during  the  year  by  the  Company  pursuant to  the  Companies  (Cost  Records  and  Audit) Rules,  2014,  as  amended  and  prescribed  by the Central Government  under  sub-section (1)  of  section  148  of  the  Act,  and  are  of  the opinion  that,  prima  facie,  the  prescribed  cost records  have  been  made  and  maintained  by the Company. We have, however, not made a detailed examination of the cost records with

a view to determine whether they are accurate or complete;

- (vii) (a)   according to the information and explanations  given  to  us  and  the  records of  the  Company  examined  by  us,  in  our opinion, the Company has been generally regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues including provident fund, employees' state  insurance,  income-tax,  goods  and service tax, duty of customs, cess and other material  statutory  dues  applicable  to  the Company during the year with appropriate authorities.  According  to  the  information and  explanations  given  to  us,  there  were no undisputed amounts payable in respect

of provident fund, employees' state insurance, income-tax, goods and service tax, duty of customs, cess or other material statutory dues outstanding as at March 31, 2022 for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable

- (b)   according to the information and explanations  given  to  us  and  the  records of  the  Company  examined  by  us,  the particulars of income  tax, service tax, goods  and  services  tax  and  Maharashtra Stamp  Act  as  at  March  31,  2022  which have  not  been  deposited  with  statutory authorities on account of a dispute pending are as under:

| Name of the statute  Nature of  dues  Amount  involved in  dispute  (  D  in Lakhs)  Unpaid dis-  puted amount  (  D  in Lakhs)  Period to which  amount relates  Forum where dispute  is pending  Finance Act, 1994  (Service Tax)  Service Tax  67 .17  60.47  April 2016 to June 2017  Customs Excise and  Service Tax Appellate  Tribunal  Maharashtra Stamp  Act, 1958  Tax  56.17  56.17  April  2009  to  March  2016  Deputy Inspector  General of Registration,  Pune  Goods and Services  Tax Act, 2017  Tax  15.96  15.96  July 2017 to July 2018  Commissioner of  Central Excise &amp; GST ,  Appeals, Coimbatore  Income Tax Act, 1961  Tax, Interest  &amp; penalty  104.16  8.84  Assessment  Year  (AY)  2008-09  High Court  Income Tax Act, 1961  Tax, Interest  &amp; penalty  313.18  92.52  AY 2010-11  High Court  Income Tax Act 1961  Tax, Interest  &amp; penalty  7 .67  7 .67  AY 2011-12  Income Tax Appellate  Tribunal  Income Tax Act 1961  Tax, Interest  &amp; penalty  1.23  1.23  AY 2012-13  Income Tax Appellate  Tribunal  Income Tax Act 1961  Tax, Interest  &amp; penalty  4.39  4.39  AY 2013-14  Commissioner of  Income Tax (Appeals)  Income Tax Act 1961  Tax, Interest  &amp; penalty  0.38  0.38  AY 2014-15  Commissioner of  Income Tax (Appeals)  Income Tax Act 1961  Tax, Interest  &amp; penalty  2.35  2.21  AY 2015-16  Commissioner of  Income Tax (Appeals)  Income Tax Act 1961  Tax, Interest  &amp; penalty  52.78  42.22  AY 2016-17  Commissioner of  Income Tax (Appeals)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts disputed under Income Tax Act, 1961 exclude Minimum Alternate Tax credit entitlement of C 1,244 Lakhs included in Note 1.23 of the standalone financial statements

There  are  no  dues  in  respect  of  sales  tax  /  value added tax,  duty  of  excise,  duty  of  customs  as  at March 31, 2022 which have not been deposited with the statutory authorities on account of a dispute;

(viii) based on our audit procedures and as per the information and explanations given by the management, no amount has been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax  assessments  under  the  Income Tax  Act, 1961. Accordingly, paragraph 3(viii) of the order is not applicable to the Company.

- (a)   according to the records of the Company examined  by  us  and  the  information  and explanations given to us, the Company has

(ix)

not  defaulted  in  the  repayment  of  loans or  borrowings  to  any  financial  institution or  bank  during  the  year.  The  Company did not have any loans or borrowing from government or dues to debenture holders during the year;

- (b) the Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any government authority
- (c) according to  the  information  and  explanation given to us, term loans were applied for the purpose for which the loans were obtained
- (d)   on  an  overall  examination  of  the  financial statements of the Company, funds raised on short term basis have, prima facie, not been  used  during  the  year  for  long-term purposes by the Company
- (e)   on  an  overall  examination  of  the  financial statements of the Company, the Company has  not  taken  any  funds  from  any  entity or  person  on  account  of  or  to  meet  the obligations of its subsidiaries
- (f) on  an  overall  examination  of  the  financial statements of the Company, the Company has not raised any loans during the year on the pledge  of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate companies
- (x) (a)   the  Company  has  not  raised  moneys  by way of initial public offer or further public offer  (including  debt  instruments)  during the year and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable
- (b) during  the  year,  the  Company  has  not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible debentures (fully or partly or optionally) and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(b) of the Order is not applicable
- (xi) (a) to the best of our knowledge and according to  the  information  and  explanations  given to  us,  no  material  fraud  by  the  Company and no material fraud on the Company by its officers or employees has been noticed or reported during the year;
- (b) no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of  Companies (Audit  and Auditors)  Rules,

2014 with the Central Government, during the year and up to the date of this report

- (c) according to the information and explanation given to us, no whistle blower complaints were received by the Company during the year
- (xii) the Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly, reporting on paragraph 3(xii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company;
- (xiii)  in our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is in  compliance  with  sections  177  and  188  of the Act,  where  applicable,  for  all  transactions with related parties  undertaken  during  the year  and  the  details  of  such  related  party transactions have been disclosed in the financial statements as required by the applicable accounting standards;
- (xiv)  (a) in  our  opinion,  the  Company  has  an  adequate internal audit system commensurate with the size and the nature of its business
- (b)   we  have  considered,  the  internal  audit reports  for  the  year  under  audit,  issued to  the  Company  during  the  year  and  till date, in determining the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures
- (xv) according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not entered into any  non-cash  transactions  with  directors  or persons  connected  with  the  directors  during the year and hence provisions of section 192 of the Act is not applicable to the Company.
- (xvi)   (a)   in our opinion, the Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve  Bank  of  India  Act,  1934.  Hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable.
- (b)   in our opinion, there is no core investment company within the Group (as defined  in the Core Investment Companies (Reserve Bank)  Directions,  2016)  and  accordingly reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not applicable
- (xvii)  the  Company  has  not  incurred  cash  losses during  the  financial  year  covered  by  our  audit and the immediately preceding financial year
- (xviii) there has been no resignation of the statutory auditors of the Company during the year
- (xix)  on  the  basis  of  the  financial  ratios,  ageing and  expected  dates  of  realisation  of  financial assets and payment  of financial liabilities, other  information  accompanying  the  financial statements  and  our  knowledge  of  the  Board of Directors and management plans and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the  assumptions,  nothing  has  come  to  our attention, which causes us to believe that any material  uncertainty  exists  as  on  the  date  of the audit report indicating that Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within  a  period  of  one  year  from  the  balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an  assurance  as  to  the  future  viability  of  the Company. We further state that  our  reporting is  based  on  the  facts  up  to  the  date  of  the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within  a  period  of  one  year  from  the  balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
- (xx)  (a)   there  are  no  unspent  amounts  towards Corporate  Social  Responsibility  (CSR)  on other  than  ongoing  projects requiring a transfer to a Fund specified in Schedule

VII  to  the  Companies  Act  in  compliance with  second  proviso  to  sub-section  (5)  of Section  135  of  the  said  Act.  Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xx)(a) of the Order is not applicable

- (b) there  are  no  unspent  amounts  towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) pursuant  to any  ongoing  project ,  and hence transferring unspent amount to a special account in compliance with provisions of sub-section 6 of Section 135 of  the  Act  is  not  applicable  to  Company. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xx)(b) of the Order is not applicable
- (xxi)  there  have  been  no  qualifications  or  adverse remarks  by  the  auditors  in  the  Companies (Auditor's Report) Order (CARO) report of the company  included  in the consolidated financial statements.

## for SHARP &amp; TANNAN Chartered Accountants (Firm's Registration No. 003792S)

Place: Coimbatore Date: May 9, 2022

V.  Viswanathan Partner Membership No. 215565 UDIN: 22215565AIQISE4917

## Annexure B to the Independent Auditor's Report

(Referred to in paragraph 2(f) under 'Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements' section of our report to the Members of Craftsman Automation Limited of even date)

## Independent  Auditors'  Report  on  the  Internal Financial Controls over financial reporting under clause (i) of sub-section 3 of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act')

We  have  audited  the  internal  financial  controls over  financial  reporting  of  Craftsman  Automation Limited  ('the  Company')  as  of  March  31,  2022 in  conjunction  with  our  audit  of  the  standalone financial  statements  of  the  Company  for  the  year ended on that date.

## Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls

The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for  establishing  and  maintaining  internal  financial controls based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the  Company considering  the  essential  components  of  internal control  stated  in  the  Guidance  Note  on  Audit  of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting ('the  Guidance  Note')  issued  by  the  Institute  of Chartered  Accountants  of  India  ('ICAI').  These responsibilities include the design, implementation and  maintenance  of  adequate  internal  financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the  orderly  and  efficient  conduct  of  its  business, including  adherence  to  company's  policies,  the safeguarding  of  its  assets,  the  prevention  and detection  of  frauds  and  errors,  the  accuracy  and completeness  of  the  accounting  records,  and  the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.

## Auditors' Responsibility

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our audit. Our audit is conducted in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the 'Guidance Note') issued by the ICAI and the Standards  on  Auditing  prescribed  under  section 143(10)  of  the  Act,  to  the  extent  applicable  to  an audit of internal financial controls. Those Standards and  the  Guidance  Note  require  that  we  comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate  internal  financial  controls  over  financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.

Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over financial reporting and their  operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial  controls  over  financial  reporting  included obtaining  an  understanding  of  internal  financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that  a  material  weakness  exists,  and  testing  and evaluating  the  design  and  operating  effectiveness of  internal  control  based  on  the  assessed  risk. The  procedures  selected  depend  on  the  auditor's judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for our audit opinion on the Company's internal financial controls system over financial reporting.

## Meaning  of  Internal  Financial  Controls  Over Financial Reporting

A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting  and  the  preparation  of  the  standalone financial statements for external purposes in accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting principles.  A  company's  internal  financial  control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that

(1)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that, in  reasonable  detail,  accurately  and  fairly  reflect the  transactions  and  dispositions  of  the  assets  of the company;

(2)  provide reasonable assurance that transactions are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation of  standalone  financial  statements  in  accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of  unauthorised acquisition,  use,  or  disposition  of  the  company's assets  that  could  have  a  material  effect  on  the standalone financial statements.

## Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting

Because  of  the  inherent  limitations  of  internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over  financial  reporting  may  become  inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

## Opinion

In  our  opinion  and  to  the  best  of  our  information and according to the explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls  system  over  financial reporting  and  such  internal  financial  controls  over financial  reporting  were  operating  effectively  as of  March  31,  2022,  based  on  the  internal  control over  financial  reporting  criteria  established  by  the Company  considering  the  essential  components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit  of  Internal  Financial  Controls  Over  Financial Reporting  issued  by  the  Institute  of  Chartered Accountants of India.

for SHARP &amp; TANNAN Chartered Accountants (Firm's Registration No. 003792S)

## V.  Viswanathan

Place:

Coimbatore

Date:

May 9, 2022

Partner Membership No. 215565 UDIN: 22215565AIQISE4917

## STANDALONE BALANCE SHEET

| Particulars  Note No.  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, Plant and Equipment  1.1  1,45,371  1,42,031  Capital Work in progress  1.2  4,198  3,197  Other Intangible assets  1.3  425  677  Right-of-use Asset  1.4  8,582  8,343  Financial assets  Investments  1.5  2,817  2,817  Loans  1.6  -  125  Security Deposits  1.7  2,511  2,068  Other Financial assets  1.8  43  146  Other non-current assets  1.9  3,141  1,201  1,67 ,088  1,60,605  Current assets  Inventories  1.10  62,064  39,764  Financial assets  Trade receivables  1.11  29,415  23,548  Cash and cash equivalents  1.12  2,266  2,634  Other bank balances  1.13  1,405  1,539  Security Deposits  1.14  335  330  Other Financial assets  1.15  865  494  Other Current assets  1.16  4,954  7 ,243  1,01,304  75,552  Total Assets  2,68,392  2,36,157  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  EQUITY  Equity Share capital  1.17  1,056  1,056  Other Equity  1.18  1,13,164  96,789  1,14,220  97,845  LIABILITIES  Non-current liabilities  Financial liabilities  Borrowings  1.19  37 ,379  43,719  Lease Liabilities  1.20  6,685  8,303  Other Non-Current Financial Liabilities  1.21  355  904  Provisions  1.22  15  36  Deferred tax liabilities (Net)  1.23  11,677  6,908  56,111  59,870  Current liabilities  Financial Liabilities  Borrowings  1.24  34,181  26,635  Lease Liabilities  1.25  1,710  1,941  Trade payables  1.26  (a)   total outstanding dues of micro enterprises &amp; small  enterprises  554  1,841  (b)   total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises  &amp; small enterprises  45,982  33,388  Other Current Financial Liabilities  1.27  7 ,371  8,603  Current tax liabilities (Net)  1.28  690  67  Other current liabilities  1.29  7 ,1 16  5,626  Provisions  1.30  457  341  98,061  78,442  Total Equity and Liabilities  2,68,392  2,36,157  as at March 31, 2022  (  H  in Lakhs)  The accompanying notes form an integral part of the standalone financial statements  This is the Balance Sheet referred to in our report of even date  For  SHARP &amp; TANNAN  Chartered Accountants  Firm Registration No. 003792S  V.  Viswanathan  Partner  Membership No. 215565  Place :  Coimbatore  Date :  May 9, 2022  For and on behalf of  the Board  R.Gauthamram Whole Time Director DIN : 06789004  S.Ravi  Chairman and Managing Director DIN : 01257716  Shainshad Aduvanni  C. B. Chandrasekar Chief Financial Officer  Company Secretary M.No.A27895  Place :  Coimbatore  Date :  May 9, 2022   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STANDALONE STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS

for the year ended March 31, 2022

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Note  No.  Year ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  INCOME  Revenue From Operations  2.1  2,20,643  1,54,629  Other Income  2.2  927  1,322  Total Income  2,21,570  1,55,951  EXPENSES  Cost of materials consumed  2.3  1,06,447  66,910  Changes in inventories of finished goods and work-in-progress  2.4  (3,367)  (960)  Employee benefits expense  2.5  18,605  14,292  Depreciation, amortization and impairment expense  2.6  20,598  19,241  Other expenses  2.7  46,027  30,984  Finance costs  2.8  8,420  10,728  Total expenses  1,96,730  1,41,195  Profit before tax  24,840  14,756  Tax expense:  3.1  (1) Current tax for the year  8,849  5,432  Current tax pertaining to earlier years  6  (43)  Net Current Tax  8,855  5,389  (2) Deferred tax  (60)  (309)  Profit for the year  16,045  9,676  Other Comprehensive Income ('OCI')  A (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  - Remeasurement of defined benefit plans  6  (249)  - Equity Instruments through OCI  -  (110)  (ii)   Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or  loss  (2)  87  B (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss  -    The effective portion of gains or loss on hedging instruments in a  cash flow hedge  785  1,088  (ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss  (274)  (380)  Other Comprehensive Income for the year, net of tax  515  436  Total  Comprehensive  Income  for  the  year  (Comprising  Profit  and  Other Comprehensive Income for the year)  16,560  10,112  Earnings per equity share Basic &amp; Diluted (Face value of  C  5/-)  3.3  - for continuing operations  75.94  48.02  - for discontinued operations  -  -  - for continuing &amp; discontinued operations  75.94  48.02   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the standalone financial statements

This is the Statement of Profit and Loss referred to in our report of even date

For SHARP &amp; TANNAN Chartered Accountants Firm Registration No. 003792S

V.  Viswanathan Partner Membership No. 215565

Place :

Coimbatore

Date :

May 9, 2022

R.Gauthamram Whole Time Director DIN : 06789004

Shainshad Aduvanni Company Secretary M.No.A27895

Place :

Coimbatore

Date :

May 9, 2022

For and on behalf of

the Board

S.Ravi

Chairman and Managing Director DIN : 01257716

C. B. Chandrasekar Chief Financial Officer

## STANDALONE CASH FLOW STATEMENT

for the year ended March 31, 2022

| Particulars  Year ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  Cash flows from operating activities  Profit before taxation ('PBT')  24,840  14,756  Adjustments to reconcile PBT to net cash flows:  Depreciation, amortization and impairment expense  20,598  19,241  Gain on sale of assets  (141)  (59)  Exchange difference on transaction/translation (loss/(gain))  367  (1,065)  MTM (Gain) / Loss - Derivative -(Net)  (14)  13  Provision for :  Doubtful debts  (57)  (13)  Warranty &amp; Rejection  40  (28)  Slow moving inventory  485  175  Interest income (including fair value changes in financial instruments)  (389)  (524)  Government grant income  (2,317)  (2,369)  Liabilities no longer required written back  -  (17)  Assets no longer receivable written off (including exceptional item)  -  195  Interest expense (including fair value changes in financial instruments)  7 ,699  11,086  Operating cash flow before changes in working capital  51,111  41,391  Adjustments for:  Increase/ (Decrease) in provisions  61  (102)  Increase/ (Decrease) in other financial liabilities  (3,098)  4,110  Increase/ (Decrease) in other current liabilities  2,638  1,017  Increase/ (Decrease) in Trade Payables and other Payables  11,309  6,915  (Increase)/ Decrease in other non-current assets  -  255  (Increase)/ Decrease in other financial assets  (586)  162  (Increase)/ Decrease in other current assets  2,715  (3,694)  (Increase)/ Decrease in trade and other receivables  (5,442)  (3,670)  (Increase)/ Decrease in inventories  (22,785)  (8,515)  Cash generated from operations  35,923  37,869  Income taxes paid  (3,679)  (2,264)  Net cash from operating activities - A  32,244  35,605  Cash flows from investing activities  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  (21,267)  (9,859)  Purchase of Intangible  (22)  (67)  Proceeds from sale of equipment  258  320  Loans (given)/repaid  285  268  Interest received  138  118  Net cash used in investing activities - B  (20,608)  (9,220)  Cash flows from financing activities  Proceeds from issue of shares  (185)  14,563  Proceeds from long-term borrowings  10,505  9,378  Repayment of long term borrowings  (13,911)  (33,248)  Net proceeds from short-term borrowings  3,508  (8,359)  Principal payments towards lease liability  (4,234)  (1,004)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

## STANDALONE CASH FLOW STATEMENT(Contd..)

for the year ended March 31, 2022

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Year ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  Interest paid (incl. interest on lease liability)  (7 ,687)  (10,932)  Net cash used in financing activities- C  (12,004)  (29,602)  Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents - (A+B+C)  (368)  (3,217)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  2,634  5,851  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year  2,266  2,634   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

## 1. Reconciliation of Cash &amp; Cash equivalents as per Cash Flow Statement

| Cash &amp; cash equivalents consists of:  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Cash and cash equivalents (note : 1.12)  2,266  2,634  Total  2,266  2,634   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2. Refer to note: 1.19 for Net Debt Reconciliation

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the standalone financial statements This is the Statement of Cash Flows  referred to in our report of even date

| ## For SHARP &amp; TANNAN  Chartered Accountants  Firm Registration No. 003792S  V.  Viswanathan  Partner  Membership No. 215565  Place :  Coimbatore  Date :  May 9, 2022  For and on behalf of  the Board  R.Gauthamram Whole Time Director DIN : 06789004  S.Ravi  Chairman and Managing Director DIN : 01257716  Shainshad Aduvanni Company Secretary M.No.A27895  C. B. Chandrasekar  Chief Financial Officer  Place :  Coimbatore  Date :  May 9, 2022   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

for the year ended March 31, 2022

(

H

in Lakhs)

| a.  Equity Share Capital  Balance at the  beginning of  April 1 2021  Changes in equity  share capital during  the year  Balance as at  March 31, 2022  1,056  -  1,056   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| b.  Other Equity  Reserves and Surplus  Other Reserves  Total  Securities  Premium  Reserve  General  Reserve  Retained  Earnings  Equity  Instruments  through Other  Comprehen-  sive Income  Effective por-  tion of Cash  Flow Hedges  Balance as at April 1,2020  13,795  9,662  50,579  (211)  (1,661)  72,164  Profit for the year  -  -  9,676  -  -  9,676  Other Comprehensive Income  -  -  -  (110)  708  598  - Defined Benefit Plan  -  -  (162)  -  -  (162)  Total  Comprehensive  Income  for  the year  -  -  9,514  (110)  708  10,112  Issues of shares  14,513  -  -  -  -  14,513  Dividends  -  -  -  -  -  -  Balance as at March 31,2021  28,308  9,662  60,093  (321)  (953)  96,789  Profit for the year  -  -  16,045  -  -  16,045  Other Comprehensive Income  -  -  -  -  511  511  - Defined Benefit Plan  -  -  4  -  -  4  Total  Comprehensive  Income  for  the year  -  -  16,049  -  511  16,560  Issues of shares (refer note 3.10)  (185)  -  -  -  -  (185)  Dividends  -  -  -  -  -  -  Balance as at March 31,2022  28,123  9,662  76,142  (321)  (442)  1,13,164   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the standalone financial statements

This is the Statement of Changes in Equity referred to in our report of even date

| ## For SHARP &amp; TANNAN  Chartered Accountants Firm Registration No. 003792S  ## V.  Viswanathan  Partner  Membership No. 215565  Place :  Coimbatore  Date :  May 9, 2022  For and on behalf of the Board S.Ravi Chairman and Managing Director DIN : 01257716 C. B. Chandrasekar Chief Financial Officer  R.Gauthamram Whole Time Director DIN : 06789004  ## Shainshad Aduvanni  Company Secretary M.No.A27895  Place :  Coimbatore  Date :  May 9, 2022   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes  annexed  to  and  forming  part  of  Standalone  Financial Statements:

## A CORPORATE INFORMATION

Craftsman  Automation  Limited  was  incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 on 18 th  July 1986. The  shareholders  of  the  Company  approved  the conversion  into  a  public  limited  company  at  the meeting held on 30 th  April 2018 and the Registrar of Companies, Coimbatore issued a fresh Certificate of Incorporation dated 4 th  May 2018. The company is engaged in the business of manufacturing engineering components, sub-assemblies, products and rendering of contract manufacturing services to various industries

## B SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Statement of Compliance

The  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind  AS)  as  notified  under  the  Section  133  of  the Companies Act, 2013 (Act) read with the Companies (Indian  Accounting  Standards) Rules 2015.  The presentation of the Financial Statements is based on Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013.

## B.1  BASIS OF PREPARATION &amp; PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates. Presentation currency is the currency in which the financial  statements  are  presented.  The  financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees which is the functional currency and presentation currency of the Company and all values are rounded to the nearest Lakhs, except where otherwise indicated.

These  financial  statements  have  been  prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following material items in the balance sheet:

- a) Certain  financial  assets  and  liability  measured at fair value (refer note. 3.4(d))
- b) Derivative financial instruments
- c) Employees Defined benefit plans are recognised at the net total of the fair value of plan assets, and  the  present  value  of  the  defined  benefit obligation as per actuarial valuation

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of  the  consideration  given  in  exchange  for  goods and  services.  Fair  value  is  the  price  that  would be  received  to  sell  an  asset  or  paid  to  transfer  a liability  in  an  orderly  transaction  between  market participants  at  the  measurement  date,  regardless of  whether  that  price  is  directly  observable  or estimated  using  another  valuation  technique.  In estimating  the  fair  value  of  an  asset  or  a  liability, the Company takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.

All  assets  and  liabilities  for  which  fair  value  is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

Level  1 -  Quoted  (unadjusted)  market  prices  in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

Level  2 -  Valuation  techniques  for  which  the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or indirectly observable

Level  3 -  Valuation  techniques  for  which  the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable.

The  Financial  Statements  have  been  prepared  on accrual  and  going  concern  basis.  All  assets  and liabilities  are  presented  as  Current  or  Non-current as per the Company's normal operating cycle and other criteria set out in the Schedule III of the Act. Based  on  the  nature  of  products  and  the  time between  the  acquisition  of  assets  for  processing and their realisation, the Company has ascertained its operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose of Current  /  Non-current  classification  of  assets  and liabilities.

## B.2  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

The accounting policies which  have the  most significant  effect  on  the  figures  disclosed  in  the financial  statements  are  mentioned  below  and these  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the

disclosure  of  the  significant  Ind  AS  accounting policies provided below:

## i. Useful life of Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangibles

The  assessment  of  the  useful  life  of  each asset by considering the historical experience and  expectations  regarding  future  operations and expected usage, estimated technical obsolescence, residual value, physical wear and tear and the operating environment in which the asset  is  located  needs  significant  judgement by the management. In case of intangibles the useful  life  is  determined  based  on  the  period over which future economic benefit will flow to the Company.

## ii. Tools in use

The assessment of useful life  of  tools  in  use has been done considering the historical experience and estimated refurbishment cycle and operating environment.

## iii. Income Taxes

The calculation of income taxes requires judgement in interpreting tax rules and regulations.  Management  judgement  is  used to  determine  the  amounts  of  deferred  tax assets and liabilities and future tax liabilities to be recognised.

## iv. Fair Value

Certain financial instruments, such as investments in equity securities, derivative financial instruments and certain elements of borrowings, are carried in the financial statements  at  fair  value,  with  changes  in  fair value reflected in the Statement of Profit and Loss.  Fair  values  are  estimated  by  reference to published price quotations or by using other valuation  techniques  that  may  include  inputs that are not based on observable market data, such as discounted cash flows analysis.

## v. Measurement of defined benefit obligations

Gratuity  actuarial  valuation  considers  various assumptions  which  are  based  on  the  past experience and general economic conditions.

## vi. Measurement and likelihood of occurrence of provisions and contingencies

The  provision  for  warranty  and  rejection  have been done based on past experiences, product lifecycle maturity, reprocessing/repair cost.

## vii.  Recognition of deferred tax asset

The Company estimates the possible utilisation of unabsorbed losses while recognising deferred tax asset considering the future business plans and economic environment.

## viii. Leases

The  Company  evaluates  if  an  arrangement qualifies to be a lease as per the requirements of Ind AS 116. Identification of a lease requires significant judgment. The Company uses significant  judgement  in  assessing  the  lease term  (including  anticipated  renewals)  and  the applicable discount rate.

Ind AS 116 requires lessees to determine the lease  term  as  the  non-cancellable  period  of  a lease  adjusted  with  any  option  to  extend  or terminate the lease, if the use of such option is  reasonably certain. The Company makes an assessment  on  the  expected  lease  term  on a  lease-by-lease  basis  and  thereby  assesses whether it is reasonably certain that any options  to  extend  or  terminate  the  contract will be exercised. In evaluating the lease term, the  Company  considers  factors  such  as  any significant leasehold improvements undertaken over  the  lease  term,  costs  relating  to  the termination of the lease and the importance of the underlying asset to Company's operations taking into account the location of the underlying asset and the availability of suitable alternatives.  The  Company  revises  the  lease term if there is a change in the non-cancellable period of a lease.

The  discount  rate  is  generally  based  on  the incremental borrowing rate.

## B.3 PROPERTY PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

## Recognition and Measurement

All Property Plant &amp; Equipment (PPE) barring land as at transition date are stated at cost of acquisition / installation as adjusted for import duty waivers and foreign  exchange  losses  /  gains  less  accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

Cost  of  acquisition  /  installation  includes  the  fair value  of  the  consideration  given  to  acquire  the asset (net of discounts and rebates) and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to working condition  for  its  intended  use  (inclusive  of  nonrefundable purchase taxes and duties).

The  Company  capitalises  the  import  duty  waived in respect of capital equipment imported under the Export Promotion Capital Goods Scheme

Foreign  exchange  gain  /loss  arising on  foreign currency  denominated  borrowing  which  are  not hedged  that  were  incurred  to  acquire  PPE  are recorded  as  part  of  the  cost  of  asset  as  per  Ind AS 101 Para D13AA and Ind AS 21 Para 7AA and depreciated  over  their  remaining  useful  life.  In respect  of  exchange  gain  or  loss  arising  from foreign  currency  denominated  borrowings  which are  hedged  accounting  has  been  done  based  on Hedge  effectiveness  either  as  derivative  or  cash flow hedge as per Ind AS 109.

The cost of a self-constructed asset is determined using the same principles as for an acquired asset. If Company makes similar assets for sale in the normal course of business, the cost of the asset is usually the same as the cost of constructing an asset for sale. Any internal profits are eliminated in arriving at such costs. Similarly, the cost of abnormal amounts of  wasted  material,  labour,  or  other  resources incurred in self-constructing an asset is not included in the cost of the asset. Borrowing Costs is covered by Ind AS 23 criteria for the recognition of interest as a component of the carrying amount of a selfconstructed item of property, plant and equipment.

Subsequent expenditure relating to an item of PPE is capitalised if it meets the recognition criteria

The  import  duty  waived  on  capital  assets  which are purchased under the Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) schemes and which are capitalised are recorded as deferred revenue and recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the related performance obligations are fulfilled.

The  Company  in  respect  of  all  PPE  barring  land elected  to  continue  with  the  carrying  value  of the  relevant  PPE  as  recognised  in  the  financial statements as at transition date to Ind-AS measured as  per  the  previous  GAAP  duly  adjusting  for  the import duty waiver and used that as the deemed cost  as  at  transition  date  pursuant  to  exemption under  Ind  -AS  101. The  Company  elected  to  fair value the land as at transition date and use that fair value as the deemed cost.

## Depreciation on Plant Property and Equipment

The  depreciable  amount  of  PPE  (being  the  gross carrying value less the estimated residual value) is depreciated on straight-line basis over its useful life.

In respect of certain classes of PPE, the company uses different useful life other than those prescribed in Schedule II to the Act.  The useful life of such class of  PPE  has  been  ascertained  based  on  technical review by a Chartered Engineer and assessment by the Management as detailed in the following table

| Classes of PPE  Useful life and  basis of depreci-  ation  New Plant and Machinery  20 Years  Used Plant and Machinery  10 Years  Tool  holder,  jigs,  fixtures,  patterns,  dies,  moulds  and  instruments  and  gauges  5 Years  Lease hold improvements  Over lease period   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## De-recognition:

An  item  of  PPE  is  de-recognised  at  the  time  of its  disposal  or  when  it  is  assessed  that  no  future economic benefit  would  accrue  from  it. The  gain/ loss arising out of such disposal/retirement is taken to Statement of profit and loss

## B.4 INTANGIBLE ASSETS

An intangible asset is an identifiable non-monetary asset without physical substance.

An  intangible  asset  with  finite  useful  life  that  are acquired  separately  and  where  the  useful  life  is 2  years  or  more  is  capitalised  and  carried  at  cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is recognised on a straight line basis over the useful life of the asset. The class of asset and the estimated useful life is as follows

| Description of the asset  Useful life and basis of  amortization  Software - Acquired  5 Years  Technical Know - Acquired  2.5 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Internally generated intangible assets

Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred. An internally  generated  intangible  asset  arising  from development (or from the development phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

- -the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale,
- -the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it, · the ability to use or sell the intangible asset,

- -how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits.
- -the  availability  of  adequate  technical,  financial  and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the intangible asset, and
- -the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable  to  the  intangible  asset  during  its development.

The amount initially recognised for internally generated  intangible  assets  is  the  sum  of  the expenditure incurred from  the  date  when  the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally generated intangible  asset  can  be  recognised,  development expenditure  is  recognised  in  profit  and  loss  in the  period  in  which  it  is  incurred.  Subsequent  to initial  recognition,  internally  generated  intangible assets are reported at cost less  accumulated amortization  and  accumulated  impairment  losses, on  the  same  basis  as  intangible  assets  that  are acquired separately.

| Description of the asset  Useful life and ba-  sis of amortization  Development Expenditure  3 years  De-recognition   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when  no  future  economic  benefits  are  expected from use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in  Statement of profit and loss when the asset is derecognised.

## B.5 IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS

At the end of each reporting period, the company determines whether there is any indication that its assets (tangible, intangible assets and investments in equity instruments in joint ventures and associates carried  at  cost)  have  suffered  an  impairment  loss with  reference  to  their  carrying  amounts.  If  any indication  of  impairment  exists,  the  recoverable amount of such assets is estimated and impairment is  recognised, if the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is higher of  the  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and  value in  use.  In  assessing  value  in  use,  the  estimated future  cash  flows  are  discounted  to  their  present value  using  a  pre-tax  discount  rate  that  reflects current  market  assessments  of  the  time  value of  money  and  the  risks  specific  to  the  asset  for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

## B.6 LEASES

A  contract  is,  or  contains,  a  lease  if  the  contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## The Company as a lessee

The Company's lease asset classes primarily consist of leases for Machineries and buildings. The Company assesses whether a contract contains a lease, at inception of a contract. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified  asset,  the  Company  assesses  whether: (i)  the  contract  involves  the  use  of  an  identified asset (ii)  the  Company  has  substantially  all  of  the economic benefits from use of the asset throughout the period of the lease and (iii) the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset.

At  the  date  of  commencement  of  the  lease,  the Company recognises a right-of-use asset ('ROU') and  a  corresponding  lease  liability  for  all  lease arrangements  in  which  it  is  a  lessee,  except  for leases with a term of twelve months or less (shortterm leases) and low value leases. For these shortterm and low value leases, the Company recognises the lease payments as an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

Certain lease arrangements include the options to extend or terminate the lease before the end of the lease term. ROU assets and lease liabilities include these options when it is reasonably certain that they will be exercised.

The  right-of-use  assets  are  initially  recognised  at cost,  which  comprises  the  initial  amount  of  the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or prior to the commencement date of the lease plus any initial direct costs less any lease incentives. They  are  subsequently  measured  at  cost  less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

Right-of-use assets are depreciated from the commencement date on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and useful life of the underlying asset. Right of use assets are evaluated for  recoverability  whenever  events  or  changes  in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may  not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment  testing,  the  recoverable  amount  (i.e. the higher of the fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-use)  is  determined  on  an  individual  asset basis  unless  the  asset  does  not  generate  cash flows  that  are  largely  independent  of  those  from other assets. In such cases, the recoverable amount is determined for the Cash Generating Unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs.

The lease liability is initially measured at amortized cost  at  the  present  value  of  the  future  lease payments.  The  lease  payments  are  discounted using  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  the  lease  or,  if not  readily  determinable,  using  the  incremental borrowing rates of the company. Lease liabilities are remeasured with a corresponding adjustment to the related right of use asset if the Company changes its assessment if whether it will exercise an extension or a termination option.

Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments have been classified as financing cash flows.

## B.7 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised  when  the  Company  becomes  a  party to  the  contractual  provisions  of  the  instruments. Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  initially measured  at  fair  value. Transaction  costs  that  are directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  or  issue  of financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  (other  than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through  profit  or  loss)  are  added  to  or  deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  are  recognised immediately in profit and loss.

## Classification of financial assets

The  financial  assets  are  initially  measured  at  fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets are added to the fair value of the financial assets on initial recognition.

After initial recognition:

- i) Financial  assets  (other  than  investments  and derivative instruments) are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.

Effective interest method  is a method  of calculating the amortized cost of a debt instrument  and  of  allocating  interest  income over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts (including all fees paid that form  an  integral  part  of  the  effective  interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the debt instrument,  or,  where  appropriate,  a  shorter period,  to  the  net  carrying  amount  on  initial recognition.

- ii) Financial assets (i.e. derivative instruments and investments  in  instruments  other  than  equity of  joint  ventures)  are  subsequently  measured at fair value.

Such financial assets are measured at fair value at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  with  any gains  or  losses  arising  on  re-measurement recognised in other comprehensive income.

## Investments  in  equity  instruments  of  subsidiaries and joint venture

The Company measures its investments in equity instruments  of  subsidiaries  and  joint  venture  at cost  in  accordance  with  Ind  AS  27 . The  company has  two  wholly  owned  subsidiaries  viz  Craftsman Europe  B.V  (formerly  'Craftsman  Marine  B.V')  Netherlands and Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte ltd- Singapore.  The company has elected to value its investments in subsidiaries and Joint venture at cost as per Ind AS and these are being tested for impairment at each reporting period.

## Investments in equity instruments other than subsidiaries and joint venture

The company has valued the investments in equity instruments other than subsidiaries and joint venture at fair value through Other Comprehensive Income. Fair  value  of  quoted  instrument  has  been  valued at Market rate and in case of unquoted instrument it  has  been  value  at  book  value  of  that  Company based on Level 2 input.

In respect of investment in equity share capital of group  captive  power  companies  which  are  made to  comply  with  the  provisions  of  Electricity  Rules 2003,  these  investments  are  carried  at  cost  as these investments can be sold back only at par.

## Cash and cash equivalents:

For  the  purpose  of  presentation  in  the  statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes

cash  on  hand,  deposits  held  at  call  with  financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the balance sheet.

## Trade receivables

Trade  receivables  are  initially  recognised  at  fair value. Subsequently,  these  assets  are held at amortized cost net of any expected credit losses. Loss allowance on trade receivables is measured at an amount equal to life time expected losses i.e., expected cash shortfall.

## Loan to Wholly Owned Subsidiaries:

Interest free loan given to wholly owned subsidiary has  been  recognised  at  fair  value  on  the  date  of transaction and the fair value loss on the transaction date is recognised as deemed equity in subsidiary.

In case loan has been fully provided for impairment, no  fair  valuation  of  interest  free  component  has been recognised in financial statement. In respect of loan given after April 1, 2014 interest has been charged at Government of India bond rate.

## Impairment of financial assets:

A financial asset is regarded as credit impaired when one  or  more  events  that  may  have  a  detrimental effect on estimated future cash flows of the asset have occurred. The Company applies the expected credit  loss  model  for  recognising  impairment  loss on  financial  assets  (i.e.  the  shortfall  between  the contractual  cash  flows  that  are  due  and  all  the cash flows (discounted) that the Company expects to receive).

## De-recognition of financial assets:

The Company derecognises a financial asset when the  contractual  rights  to  the  cash  flows  from  the asset  expire,  or  when  it  transfers  the  financial asset  and  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards of  ownership of the asset to another party. If the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to  control  the  transferred  asset,  the  Company recognises  its  retained  interest  in  the  asset  and an  associated  liability  for  amounts  it  may  have  to pay.  On  de-recognition  of  a  financial  asset  in  its entirety, the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and  receivable  is  recognised  in  the  Statement  of profit and loss.

The Company has applied the de-recognition requirements  of  financial  assets  prospectively  for transactions occurring on or after April 1, 2015 (the transition date).

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments:

## Classification as debt or equity

Debt and equity instruments issued by the Company are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements  and  the  definitions  of  a  financial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a  residual  interest  in  the  assets  of  an  entity  after deducting  all  of  its  liabilities.  Equity  instruments issued are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

Repurchase of the Company's own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity.  No  gain  or  loss  is  recognised  in  profit  and loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company's own equity instruments.

## Financial liabilities

All financial liabilities (other than derivative instruments) are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The  carrying  amounts  of  financial  liabilities  that are  subsequently measured at amortized cost are determined based on the effective interest method. Interest expense that is not capitalised as a part of cost of an asset is included in the 'Finance Costs' .

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of calculating the amortized cost of a financial liability and of allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The  effective  interest  rate  is  the  rate  that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments (including  all  fees  paid  or  received  that  form  an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs  and  other  premiums  or  discounts)  through the expected life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate)  a  shorter  period,  to  the  net  carrying amount on initial recognition.

## De-recognition of financial liabilities

The Company derecognises financial liabilities when, and only  when,  the  Company's  obligations are discharged, cancelled or have  expired.  An exchange  between  a  lender  of  debt  instruments with substantially different terms is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and  the  recognition  of  a  new  financial  liability. Similarly,  a  substantial  modification  of  the  terms of an existing financial liability is accounted for as an  extinguishment  of  the  original  financial  liability and the recognition of a new financial liability. The difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit and loss.

The Company has applied the de-recognition requirements of financial liabilities prospectively for transactions occurring on or after April 1, 2015 (the transition date).

## Derivative financial instruments:

The  Company  enters  into  a  variety  of  derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to  interest  rate  and  foreign  exchange  rate  risks, including  foreign  exchange  forward  contracts  and cross  currency  interest  rate  swaps  and  options. Further  details  of  derivative  financial  instruments are disclosed in Note 3.4.

Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date the derivative contracts are entered into and are subsequently re-measured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in Statement of profit and loss immediately unless the derivative is designated and effective  as  a  hedging  instrument,  in  which  event the  timing  of  the  recognition  in  profit  and  loss depends on the nature of the hedging relationship and the nature of the hedged item.

## Hedge accounting:

The Company designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments in respect of foreign currency  risk  and  interest  rate  risk  as  cash  flow hedges.  Hedges  of  foreign  exchange  risk  on  firm commitments  are  also  accounted  for as cash flow hedges.

At  the  inception  of  the  hedge  relationship,  the entity  documents  the  relationship  between  the hedging  instrument  and  the  hedged  item,  along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore,  at  the  inception  of  the  hedge  and on  an  ongoing  basis,  the  Company  documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

Note 3.4 sets out details of the fair values of the derivative instruments used for hedging purposes.

## Cash flow hedges

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of cash flow  hedging  reserve. The  gain  or  loss  relating  to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit and loss, and is included in the 'Other Income' .

Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity (relating to effective portion as described above) are reclassified  to  Statement  of  profit  and  loss  in  the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in  the  same  head  as  the  hedged  item.  However, when the hedged forecast transaction results in the recognition of a non-financial asset or a non-financial liability, such gains and losses are transferred from equity (but not as a reclassification adjustment) and are included in the initial measurement of the cost of the non-financial asset or non-financial liability.

Any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income  and  accumulated  in  equity  at  that  time remains  in  equity  and  is  recognised  when  the forecast transaction is ultimately recognised in profit and loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in equity is recognised immediately in profit and loss.

Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or  exercised,  or  when  it  no  longer  qualifies  for hedge accounting.

## B.8 INVENTORIES

The Company determines the cost for items that are not interchangeable or that have been segregated for  specific  contracts  on  an  individual-item  basis as  per  Ind  AS  2,  'Inventories'. The  cost  of  other inventory items used is assigned by using weighted average cost formula.

The  Company uses the same cost formula for  all inventories  of  similar  nature  and  use.  The  cost formula used is applied on a consistent basis from period to period.

Inventories  are  initially  recognised  at  the  lower of  cost  and  net  realisable  value  (NRV).  Cost  of inventories  includes  import  duties,  non-refundable taxes, transport and handling costs and any other

directly  attributable  costs,  less  trade  discounts, rebates  and  similar  items.  NRV  is  the  estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the  estimated  costs  of  completion  and  estimated selling expenses.

- i) Raw materials, components, stores and spares of inventory are measured at weighted average cost. Materials and other items held for use in the  production  of  inventories  are  not  written down  below  cost  if  the  finished  products  in which  they  will  be  incorporated  are  expected to be sold at or above cost. Work in progress and  finished  goods  are  valued  at  cost  or  Net Realisable Value whichever is lower. Cost includes  direct  materials,  labor  and  a  portion of manufacturing overheads. Saleable scrap is valued at lowest of the net realisable value in the last two months.
2. ii) Tools  are  valued  at  cost  till  they  are  issued for  usage  in  production  process.  In  respect of  issued  tools  which  can  be  refurbished, the  company  depending  upon  its  useful  life amortizes on a straight line basis over its useful life. Useful life determined for certain classes of tools is 2- 3 years.  Tools which are not refurbishable are charged off to Statement of profit and loss upon issue from stores to usage.  The 'tools in  use'  are  carried  at  Cost  less  accumulated amortization.

## B.9 PROVISIONS

The Company recognises a provision when there is a present obligation to transfer economic benefits as a result of past events, it is probable (more likely than  not)  that  such  a  transfer  will  be  required  to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking  into  account  the  risks  and  uncertainties surrounding  the  obligation.  When  a  provision  is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the  present  obligation,  its  carrying  amount  is  the present value of those cash flows (when the effect of the time value of money is material).

When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset  if  it  is  certain  that  reimbursements  will  be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from  past  events  and  whose  existence  will  be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the entity. Contingent assets are  disclosed  in  the  Financial  Statements  by  way of notes to accounts when an inflow of economic benefits is probable.

A contingent liability is

- (a)   a  possible  obligation  that  arises  from  past events and whose existence will be confirmed only  by  the  occurrence  or  non-occurrence  of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the entity; or
- (b) a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognised because:
- (i) it is not probable that an outflow of resources  embodying  economic  benefits will be required to settle the obligation; or
- (ii)   the  amount  of  the  obligation  cannot  be measured with sufficient reliability.

Contingent liabilities  are  disclosed  in  the  Financial Statements  by  way  of  notes  to  accounts,  unless possibility  of  an  outflow  of  resources  embodying economic benefit is remote.

## Provision for Warranty

Provisions for expected cost of warranty obligations are recognised based on Management's best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the obligation  which  takes  into  account  the  empirical data on the nature, frequency and average cost  of  warranty  claims  and  regarding  possible future incidences.

## Provision for Rejection

Provision for rejection on sales is recognised once the  products  are  sold.  Materials  are  rejected  due to  various  reasons and are either re processed or replaced to the customers depending on the type of rejections. These rejections get fulfilled within a period of 3 months and the provisions represent the present  value  of  management's  best  estimate  of possible rejections within the next one quarter.

## B.10 REVENUE RECOGNITION

## Sale of Goods &amp; Rendering of Services

Revenue is recognised when a promise in a customer contract (performance obligation) has been satisfied by  transferring  control  over  the  promised  goods to  the  customer.  Control  over  a  promised  good refers to the ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially  all  of  the  remaining  benefits  from, those  goods.  Control  is  usually  transferred  upon shipment, delivery to, upon receipt of goods by the customer, in accordance with the individual delivery and acceptance terms agreed with the customers. The amount of revenue to be recognised (transaction price) is based on the consideration expected to be received in exchange for goods, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties such as sales tax or other taxes directly linked to sales.

Revenue from rendering of services is recognised over time as and when the customer receives the benefit  of  the  Company's  performance  and  the Company has an enforceable right to payment for services  transferred.  Unbilled  revenue  represents value of services performed in accordance with the contract terms but not billed.

## Other Operating revenues

Other  operating  revenues  comprise  income  from ancillary  activities  incidental  to  the  operations  of the Company and are recognised when the right to receive the income is established as per the terms of the contract.

## Dividend and Interest Income

Dividend  income  from  investments  is  recognised when the Company's right to receive payment has been established (provided that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and the amount of income can be measured reliably).

Interest  income  is  accrued  on  a  time  basis,  by reference  to  the  principal  outstanding  and  at  the effective  interest  rate  applicable  (provided  that  it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the  Company  and  the  amount  of  income  can  be measured reliably).

## B.11 BORROWING COST

Since  the  Company  does  not  have  any  qualifying assets, capitalisation of borrowing  cost is not applicable to the Company. All borrowing costs are recognised  in  Statement  of  profit  and  loss  in  the period in which they are incurred.

## B.12 GOVERNMENT GRANT

Government grants (including export incentives) are recognised only when there is reasonable assurance that the Company will comply with the conditions attaching to them and the grants will be received.

Government grants are recognised in profit and loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Company recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.

Import  duty  waivers  for  capital  assets  purchased under  Export  Promotion  Capital  Goods  (EPCG) schemes  are  recorded  as  deferred  revenue  and recognised  in  Statement  of  Profit  and  Loss  on  a systematic  basis  over  the  periods  in  which  the related performance obligations are fulfilled.

## B.13 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

## Defined contribution plans

## Provident fund (PF)

Contribution  towards  PF  is  determined  under  the Employees' Provident Funds &amp; Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 and charged to the Statement of  Profit  and  Loss  during  the  period  of  incurrence when the services are rendered by the employees.

The  Union  Ministry  of  Labour  issued  draft  rules under section 67 of the Code on  Wages Act on 7 July 2020 in the Gazette and the Act is yet to be effective

The  three  labour  codes,  the  Occupational  Health, Safety  and  Working  Conditions  Code  2020,  the Industrial  Relations  Code  2020  and  the  Code  on Social  Security  2020  have  been  passed  by  the parliament and have also received the assent of the President of India on 28 September 2020. However, the date on which these Codes will come into effect has not been notified. The Company will assess the impact of these Codes and will record any related impact in the period these Codes become effective.

## Defined benefit plans

Accounting  for defined benefit plans is  based on  actuarial  assumptions  and  different  valuation methods to measure the balance sheet obligation and the expense.

Where defined benefit plans are funded, the plan assets are measured at fair value. At each balance sheet date, the plan assets and the defined benefit obligations are remeasured.  The Statement of Profit  and  Loss  reflects  the  change  in  the  surplus or deficit, except for contributions made to the plan

and benefits paid by the plan, along with business combinations and remeasurement gains and losses.

Remeasurement gains and losses comprise actuarial  gains  and  losses,  return  on  plan  assets (comprise amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability or asset) and any change in the effect of the asset ceiling (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability or asset). Remeasurements are recognised in other comprehensive income.

The  defined  benefit  costs  are  comprised  of  the following individual components:

- Service costs (including current and past service costs  as  well  as  gains/losses  on  curtailments and settlements)
- Net interest costs or income
- Re-measurement

The Company presents the first two components of defined benefit costs in profit and loss in the line item 'Employee benefits expense'. Curtailment gains and losses are accounted for as past service costs.

Re-measurement  of  net  defined  benefit  liability/ asset  pertaining  to  gratuity  comprises  actuarial gains/  losses  (i.e.  changes  in  the  present  value resulting from experience adjustments and effects of changes in actuarial assumptions) and is reflected immediately in the balance sheet with a charge or credit  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income in the period in which they occur. Re-measurement recognised in other comprehensive income is reflected  immediately  in  retained  earnings  and  is not reclassified to profit and loss.

## Voluntary Retirement Scheme

A liability  for  termination  benefits  like  expenditure on  Voluntary  Retirement  Scheme  is  recognised at the earlier  of  when  the  Company  can  no longer  withdraw  the  offer  of  termination  benefit or  when  the  Company  recognises  any  related restructuring costs.

## Short-term employee benefits

A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees in respect of salaries, wages, performance incentives, medical benefits and other short term benefits in the period the related service  is  rendered,  at  the  undiscounted  amount of the benefits expected to be paid in exchange for that service.

## Compensated leave absences

Compensated  leave  absences  are  encashed  by employees  at  year  end  and  no  carry  forward  of leave  is  permitted  as  per  the  leave  policy.  All leave remaining to be encashed at period end are fully provided.

## B.14 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS:

The  Company's  foreign  operations  are  an  integral part  of  the  Company's  activities.  In  preparing  the financial statements, transactions in currencies other than the entity's functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing  at  the  dates  of  the  transactions.  At  the end  of  each  reporting  period,  monetary  items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at  the  rates  prevailing  at  that  date.  Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit and loss in the period in which they arise except for:

- Exchange differences on translation or settlement of long term foreign currency monetary items in respect of loans borrowed, which are not hedged, before April 1, 2016 at rates different from those at which they were initially  recorded  or  reported  in  the  previous financial  statements,  insofar  as  it  relates  to acquisition of depreciable assets, are adjusted to the cost of the assets and depreciated over remaining useful life of such assets. Where the borrowal is after April 1, 2016, such exchange difference is recognised in Statement of Profit  and  loss.  In  other  cases,  where  it  has been  hedged  the  same  has  been  restated and  adjusted  against  cash  flow  hedge  of  the respective derivative instruments.
- Exchange difference on translation of derivative instruments  designated  as  cash  flow  hedge (see Note B.7 for hedging accounting policies).

## B.15 INCOME TAXES

Income  tax  expense  represents  the  sum  of  the tax currently payable and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit and loss, except when they  relate  to  items  that  are  recognised  in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in  which  case,  the  current  and  deferred  tax  are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

## Current Tax

Current  tax  is  determined  on  taxable  profits  for the year chargeable to tax in accordance with the applicable tax rates and the provisions of the Income Tax  Act,  1961  including  other  applicable  tax  laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted

Minimum Alternate Tax  (MAT)  paid  in  accordance with  the  tax  laws,  which  gives  future  economic benefit,  in  the  form  of  adjustment  to  future  tax liability,  is  considered  as  an  asset  in  the  Balance Sheet. The  carrying  amount  of  MAT  is  reviewed at  each  reporting  date  and  the  asset  would  be written down to the extent the Company's right of adjustment would lapse.

## Deferred Tax

Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between  the  carrying amounts  of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised  for  all  taxable  temporary  differences. Deferred  tax  assets  are  generally  recognised  for all  deductible  temporary  differences  to  the  extent that it is probable  that  taxable  profits  will  be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  the  temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than  in  a  business  combination)  of  assets  and liabilities  in  a  transaction  that  affects  neither  the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

Deferred tax asset is recognised for the carryforward of unused tax losses and unused tax credits to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax losses and unused tax credits can be utilised.

The  carrying  amount  of  deferred  tax  assets  is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that  sufficient  taxable  profits  will  be  available  to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

The  measurement  of  deferred  tax  liabilities  and assets  reflects  the  tax  consequences  that  would follow  from  the  manner  in  which  the  Company expects,  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities

## B.16 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Statement of Cash Flows is prepared segregating the cash flows into operating, investing and financing activities.  Cash  flow  from  operating  activities  is reported using indirect method, adjusting the profit  before  tax  excluding  exceptional  items  for the effects of:

- (i) changes  during  the  period  in  inventories  and operating receivables and payables, transactions of a non-cash nature;
- (ii) non-cash items such as depreciation, provisions,  unrealised  foreign  currency  gains and losses; and
- (iii) all  other  items  for  which  the  cash  effects  are investing or financing cash flows.

Cash and cash equivalents (including bank balances) shown  in  the  Statement  of  Cash  Flows  exclude items which are not available for general use as at the date of Balance Sheet.

## B.17 SEGMENT REPORTING

The Chief Operating Decision Maker  (CODM) evaluates the company's performance and allocates resources based on an analysis of various performance indicators of the reportable segments. The  company's  reportable  segments  have  been identified based on end consumption of the products sold or services rendered. The reportable segments are as follows:

Automotive - Powertrain &amp; Others : This segment develops,  manufactures,  sells  its  and  goods  and services of power train and other products to the manufacturers of commercial/ passenger vehicles, farm  equipment,  mining  and  construction  equipment.

Automotive- Aluminium Products : This segment develops,  manufactures,  sells  its  and  goods  and services consisting of aluminium automotive products  to  the  manufacturers  of  two  wheelers, passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles.

Industrial &amp; Engineering: This segment develops, manufactures,  sells  its  goods  and  services  such as  castings,  gears,  material  handling  equipment, railway products, special purpose machines, other general engineering products (together broadly termed as 'High End Sub-assembly, Contract Manufacturing &amp; Others') and storage products to various end user industries.

Segment  revenue,  segment  expenses,  segment assets and segment liabilities have been identified to  segments  on  the  basis  of  their  relationship  to the operating activities of the segment and as well as  those  which  can  be  allocated  on  a  reasonable basis. Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting to the CODM of the company.

## NOTES  TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

for the year ended March 31, 2022

| Asset Category  Freehold  land  Building *  Plant &amp;  Machinery  Office Equip-  ment  Furniture &amp;  Fixtures  Vehicles  Property,  Plant &amp;  Equipment  Total  Gross Block  At April 1, 2020  7,665  18,288  1,78,468  1,712  521  115  2,06,769  Additions  -  1,178  14,733  42  11  -  15,964  Disposals  -  132  515  1  -  5  653  At March 31, 2021  7,665  19,334  1,92,686  1,753  532  110  2,22,080  Additions  787  3,057  17 ,316  284  13  86  21,543  Disposals  -  -  681  7  29  41  758  At March 31, 2022  8,452  22,391  2,09,321  2,030  516  155  2,42,865  Depreciation  At April 1, 2020  -  3,596  59,008  1,216  189  94  64,103  Additions  -  1,033  15,073  172  52  8  16,338  Disposals  -  132  254  1  -  5  392  At March 31, 2021  -  4,497  73,827  1,387  241  97  80,049  Additions  -  829  17 ,043  153  54  7  18,086  Disposals  -  -  564  7  29  41  641  At March 31, 2022  -  5,326  90,306  1,533  266  63  97,494  At April 1, 2020  7,665  14,692  1,19,460  496  332  21  1,42,666  At March 31, 2021  7,665  14,837  1,18,859  366  291  13  1,42,031  At March 31, 2022  8,452  17,065  1,19,015  497  250  92  1,45,371  ## NOTE No. 1.1 PROPERTY, PLANT &amp; EQUIPMENT  ( H in Lakhs)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Includes WDV of improvements on leasehold buildings worth C 438 Lakhs as on March 31, 2022 (WDV of C 655 Lakhs as on March 31, 2021)

## NOTE No. 1.2 CAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS

( H in Lakhs)

| Asset Category  TANGIBLE - CWIP  INTANGIBLE - CWIP  Total Capital Work in Progress  Gross Block  At April 1, 2020  8,883  -  8,883  Additions  2,023  -  2,023  Disposals  7 ,435  -  7 ,435  At March 31, 2021  3,471  -  3,471  Additions  4,183  -  4,183  Disposals  3,456  -  3,456  At March 31, 2022  4,198  -  4,198  Impairment of CWIP  At April 1, 2020  -  -  -  Additions  274  -  274  Disposals  -  -  -  At March 31, 2021  274  -  274  Additions  94  -  94  Disposals  368  -  368  At March 31, 2022  -  -  -  At April 1, 2020  8,883  -  8,883  At March 31, 2021  3,197  -  3,197  At March 31, 2022  4,198  -  4,198   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) CWIP ageing schedule As on March 31, 2022

| (  H  in Lakhs)  Particulars  Amount in CWIP for a period of  Total  Less than 1 year  1 - 2 years  2 - 3 years  More than 3 years  Projects in progress  4,198  -  -  -  4,198  Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -  4,198  -  -  -  4,198   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## As on March 31, 2021  (  H  in Lakhs)  Particulars  Amount in CWIP for a period of  Total  Less than 1 year  1 - 2 years  2 - 3 years  More than 3 years  Projects in progress  2,035  654  97  411  3,197  Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -  2,035  654  97  411  3,197   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(b) For CWIP whose completion is overdue or has exceeded its cost compared to its original plan As on March 31, 2022 NIL

As on March 31, 2021

| Particulars  To be completed in  Total  Less than 1 year  1 - 2 years  2 - 3 years  More than 3 years  Various machines  1,162  -  -  -  1,162  1,162  -  -  -  1,162   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.3 OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

(

H

in Lakhs)

| Asset Category  Computer Software  Product  Development  Technical know-how  Intangible  Assets Total  Gross Block  At April 1, 2020  2,040  636  430  3,106  Additions  67  -  -  67  Disposals  -  -  -  -  At March 31, 2021  2,107  636  430  3,173  Additions  22  -  -  22  Disposals  -  -  -  -  At March 31, 2022  2,129  636  430  3,195  Depreciation  At April 1, 2020  1,179  636  229  2,044  Additions  280  -  172  452  Disposals  -  -  -  -  At March 31, 2021  1,459  636  401  2,496  Additions  245  -  29  274  Disposals  -  -  -  -  At March 31, 2022  1,704  636  430  2,770  At April 1, 2020  861  -  201  1,062  At March 31, 2021  648  -  29  677  At March 31, 2022  425  -  -  425   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

1. Additions to PPE &amp; CWIP include exchange loss aggregating to C 24 Lakhs for the year 2021-22 (exchange gain of C 53 Lakhs for the year 2020-21) capitalised under Plant &amp; Machinery

2. All term loans both Rupee and Foreign Currency are secured by first pari passu charge on fixed assets of the company. Refer Note no. 3.7

## NOTE No. 1.4 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Opening  8,342  10,847  Additions  2,476  573  Depreciation expense  (2,145)  (2,176)  Deletions  (91)  (901)  Closing  8,582  8,343   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Refer note: B.6 &amp; 3.8a for detailed disclosures

## NOTE No. 1.5 NON CURRENT INVESTMENTS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Investment in Equity of Subsidiaries  Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte. Ltd.  (Wholly owned subsidiary of the company)  Subsidiary liquidated on June 21, 2021. (7 ,67 ,000 equity shares of SGD 1 each fully  paid up -at cost  C  3,78,81,075 as on March 31, 2021)  -  379  Less: Provision for diminution in value (Refer note 3.4b)  -  (379)  Craftsman Europe B.V. Netherlands  (Wholly owned subsidiary of the company)  (formerly known as Craftsman Marine B.V.)  28,900 equity shares of Euro 100 each fully paid up - at cost  C  22,64,15,848  2,264  2,264  Investment in Equity of Joint Venture  Carlstahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Ltd ( 30% stake )  600,000 equity shares of  C  1 0 each fully paid up  60  60  Investment in Equity instruments ( at Fair Value through OCI)  Unquoted  MC Machinery Systems India Private Ltd ( 10% stake )  (Formerly known as MC Craftsman Machinery Private Ltd)  2,10,000 equity shares of  C  1 00 each fully paid up. Sold entirely on Nov 30, 2021  -  -  iEnergy wind farm (Theni) Private Ltd  #  4550 equity shares of  C  1 0 each fully paid up  -  -  TAGMA Centre of Excellence and Training  15 equity shares of  C  1 0 each fully paid up  5  5  Bhatia Coke &amp; Energy Limited  -  -  34,810 equity shares of  C  1 0 each fully paid up (cost  C  1 0,999,960)  Hurricane Windfarms Pvt Limited (26% stake)*  4  4  39,000 equity shares of  C  1 0 each fully paid up  Watsun Infrabuild Private Limited  21  21  209,252 equity shares of  C  10 each fully paid up   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Other Investments at fair value  Deemed Equity- Wholly Owned Subsidiary (Refer note 3.4b)  463  463  Craftsman Europe B.V Netherlands  Total  2,817  2,817   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Note: The company holds 26% equity stake in Hurricane Windfarms Pvt Ltd. As the shareholders agreement entered into with the  promoters of Hurricane Windfarms Pvt Ltd contains restrictive covenants, the company cannot exercise 'Significant influence' in terms of Ind AS 28 and therefore is not classified under 'Investments in Associates' and accordingly is not considered as a component for consolidated financial statements

#  amount is below rounding off norms adopted by the Company

| Aggregate amount of quoted investments and market value thereof  -  -  Aggregate amount of unquoted investments including deemed equity  2,817  3,196  Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments  -  (379)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Details of Significant Investments:

| Name of the entity  Relationship  Principal  activity  Place of incor-  poration and  principal place  of business  Proportion of ownership interest  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Craftsman Automation  Singapore Pte Ltd  (Dissolved on June 21, 2021)  Wholly owned  subsidiary  Sourcing Office  Singapore  -  100%  Craftsman Europe B.V.  Wholly owned  subsidiary  Trading - Marine  Engines  Netherlands  100%  100%  Carl Stahl Craftsman  Enterprises Private Limited  Joint Venture  Trading - Hoists &amp;  Cranes  India  30%  30%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.6 LOANS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Loan to Wholly Owned Subsidiaries  Craftsman Europe B.V. The Netherlands  -  125  Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore #  -  -  Add: Interest Accrued  -  3  Less: Provision for Doubtful Advances (Refer note 3.4b)  -  (3)  Total  -  125  # amount is below rounding off norms adopted by the Company  Loans receivable considered good - Secured  -  -  Loans receivable considered good - Unsecured  -  125  Loans Receivables - significant increase in Credit Risk  -  -  Loans Receivables - credit impaired  -  3   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.7 SECURITY DEPOSITS - NON CURRENT

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Rent Deposit  1,353  1,015  Other Deposits  1,158  1,053  Total  2,511  2,068   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.8 OTHER NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Currency swap &amp; IRS Derivative  43  146   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.9 OTHER NON CURRENT ASSETS

(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Capital Advances  3,169  1,229  Less: Provision for doubtful advances to supplier  (28)  (28)  Total  3,141  1,201   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.10 INVENTORIES

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Raw Materials, Components and Consumables  33,367  17 ,183  Work-in-progress  10,758  7 ,614  Finished goods  2,194  1,971  Consumable Stores  3,919  3,731  Tools in use  2,848  1,960  Machinery Spares  8,185  6,684  Packing Materials  414  349  Stock in transit  379  272  Total  62,064  39,764  Inventory valued at NRV  496  575  Amount written down to arrive at NRV*  311  128   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   These were recognised as an expense during the year and included in changes in value of inventories of WIP in Statement of Profit and Loss

Provision for slow moving inventory made in the current year is C 485 Lakhs (previous year is C 175 Lakhs)

## NOTE No. 1.11 TRADE RECEIVABLES

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Considered good - Secured  -  -  Considered good - Unsecured  29,415  23,548  Significant increase in Credit Risk  542  599  Credit impaired  184  184  Less: Provision for doubtful debts  (726)  (783)  Total  29,415  23,548   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Receivables from related parties - refer note 3.5

## Movement in Provision for doubtful debt is as follows (including under ECL model):

| Opening  Allowance made  during the year  Write off during  the year  Closing  March 31, 2022  783  (57)  -  726  March 31, 2021  795  187  (199)  783   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  Ageing as on March 31, 2022  a. Less than  6 Months  b. 6 months  - 1 year  c. 1 - 2  years  d. 2 - 3  years  e. More  than 3  years  Grand Total  Undisputed  (i) Considered good  28,403  948  65  -  -  29,416  (ii) significant increase in credit risk  -  -  277  152  101  530  (ii) Credit impaired  -  -  -  -  73  73  Disputed  (iv) Considered good  -  -  -  -  -  -  (v) significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  (vi) Credit impaired  -  -  8  4  110  122  Gross Total  30,141  Less: Provision for doubtful debts  (726)  Total  29,415   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  Ageing as on March 31, 2021  a. Less than  6 Months  b. 6 months  - 1 year  c. 1 - 2  years  d. 2 - 3  years  e. More  than 3  years  Grand Total  Undisputed  (i) Considered good  22,501  879  169  -  -  23,549  (ii) significant increase in credit risk  -  -  332  203  64  599  (ii) Credit impaired  64  9  73  Disputed  (iv) Considered good  -  -  -  -  -  -  (v) significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  (vi) Credit impaired  -  -  -  33  77  110  Gross Total  24,331  Less: Provision for doubtful debts  (783)  Total  23,548   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.12 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  a. Balances with banks  2,260  2,632  b. Cash on hand  6  2  Total  2,266  2,634   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.13 OTHER BANK BALANCES

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Margin money against LC &amp; Guarantee  1,377  1,151  Earmarked balances with banks  27  -  Other Deposits  1  388  Total  1,405  1,539   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.14 SECURITY DEPOSIT-CURRENT

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Security Deposits  335  330   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.15 OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS

(

H

in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Currency swap, Interest Rate Swaps ('IRS') &amp; Forward cover derivative  812  425  Interest receivable  53  69  Total  865  494   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.16 OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  (Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)  Balances with Government Authorities  702  832  Advance to Suppliers ( Other than Capital Goods )  2,744  5,089  Prepaid Expenses  1,214  1,075  Advance to Employees  98  34  Contract assets - Unbilled Revenue  170  170  Others  26  43  Total  4,954  7,243   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.17 EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at March 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  Nos.  Amount  Nos.  Amount  Authorised  Equity Shares of  C  5 each  4,00,00,000  2,000  4,00,00,000  2,000  Issued, called, subscribed &amp; Paid Up  Equity Shares of  C  5 each  2,11,28,311  1,056  2,11,28,311  1,056  Total  2,11,28,311  1,056  2,11,28,311  1,056   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movement of equity shares is as below

| Particulars  As at March 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  Nos.  Amount  Nos.  Amount  Shares outstanding at the beginning of the year  2,11,28,311  1,056  2,01,21,600  1,006  Additions due to issue of shares  -  -  10,06,711  50  Shares outstanding at the end of the year  2,11,28,311  1,056  2,11,28,311  1,056   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Rights, Preferences and Restrictions to equity shares

The company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of C 5 per share. Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share.

In the event of liquidation of the company, the shareholders will be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the company, in proportion to their shareholding.

## Details of equity shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the company

| Name of the equity shareholder  As at March 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  Nos.  %  Nos.  %  S Ravi  1,05,00,000  49.70%  1,05,00,000  49.70%  S Murali  21,26,260  10.06%  21,26,260  10.06%  Marina III (Singapore) Pte Limited  11,56,808  5.48%  11,56,808  5.48%  Total  1,37 ,83,068  65.24%  1,37 ,83,068  65.24%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Details of Promoter's shareholding in the company

| Name of the equity  shareholder  As at March 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  No. of  Shares held  % of Holding  % Change  No. of  Shares held  % of Holding  % Change  Promoter  S Ravi  1,05,00,000  50%  0%  1,05,00,000  50%  -1%  Promoter Group  Murali S  21,26,260  10%  0%  21,26,260  10%  0%  Chithra Ravi  200  0%  0%  200  0%  0%  Gautham Ram R  200  0%  0%  200  0%  0%  Mirthula R  200  0%  0%  200  0%  0%  Total  1,26,26,860  60%  0%  1,26,26,860  60%  -1%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## For the period of five years immediately preceding the balance sheet date

- i) Details of number and class of shares allotted as fully paid up pursuant to contract(s) without payment being received in cash
2. -The  company  has  not  allotted  any  shares  pursuant  to  contracts  without  payment  being received in cash

## ii) Details of number and class of shares allotted as fully paid up by way of bonus shares:

- -Based on the approval by the shareholders in the Extra ordinary General Meeting held on December 11, 2017 , the Company had allotted 431,177 number of fully paid Bonus shares on December 21, 2017 in the ratio of three equity shares of C 100 each fully paid up for every four existing equity shares of C 100 each fully paid up.

## iii)  Details of number and class of shares bought back:

- -The company has not bought back any shares during the period of 5 years immediately preceding the balance sheet date

## Sub-division of shares:

The shareholders of the company at the Extra ordinary General Meeting held on April 30, 2018 approved the subdivision of equity shares of C 100/- each into equity shares having a face value of C 5/- each. Consequently the total number of equity shareholding has changed to 20,121,600 equity shares of face value C 5/- each from that date.

## Initial Public Offering of shares:

The equity shares of the Company have been listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited on March 25, 2021 upon successful completion of the Initial Public Offer ('IPO' or 'the Public Offer'). The IPO involved (a) Fresh Issue of 10,06,711 equity shares and (b) Offer for Sale of 45,21,450 equity shares of face value of C 5 each at an offer price of C 1,490 per share.

## NOTE No. 1.18 OTHER EQUITY

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Reserves &amp; Surplus  Securities Premium  A  28,123  28,308  General Reserves  B  9,662  9,662  Retained Earnings  C  76,142  60,093  Total Reserves &amp; Surplus  1,13,927  98,063  Cash Flow Hedging Reserve  D  (442)  (953)  Equity instruments through Other Comprehensive Income  (321)  (321)  Total  1,13,164  96,789   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Additions and Deductions since the last balance sheet date:

## (i) Securities Premium Account

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Opening balance  28,308  13,795  Premium on fresh issue of shares  -  14,950  Issue expenses adjusted  (185)  (437)  Closing balance  28,123  28,308   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (ii) Retained Earnings

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Opening balance  60,093  50,579  Profit for the year  16,045  9,676  Items of other comprehensive income recognised directly in retained earnings:  - Remeasurements of defined benefit obligation (net of tax)  4  (162)  Dividend  -  -  Closing balance  76,142  60,093   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (iii) Cash Flow Hedging Reserve

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Opening balance  (953)  (1,661)  Changes in fair value of hedging instruments  785  1,088  Deferred Tax  (274)  (380)  Closing Balance  (442)  (953)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (iv) Equity instruments through Other Comprehensive Income

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Opening balance  (321)  (211)  Changes in fair value of FVOCI equity instruments  -  (110)  Closing Balance  (321)  (321)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Refer 'Statement of Changes in Equity' for additions/deletions in each of these items

- A.   Securities Premium represents premium received on equity shares issued, which can be utilised only in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2013 for specified purposes.
- B.   General reserve is created from time to time by transferring profits from retained earnings and can be utilised for purposes such as dividend pay-out, bonus issue, etc.
- C.   Retained Earnings includes C 5542 Lakhs of revaluation reserve created due to Land revaluation on transition date to Ind AS (April 01,2015 ), which will not be available for distribution of profits
- D.   Cash flow hedge reserve represents the cumulative effective portion of gains or losses arising on changes in fair value of hedging instruments entered into for cash flow hedges.  The cumulative gain or loss arising on changes in fair value of the hedging instruments that are recognised and accumulated in this reserve are reclassified to profit or loss only when the hedged transaction affects the profit or loss.
- E. The  amount  that  can  be  distributed  by  the  Company  as  dividends  to  its  equity  shareholders  is determined considering the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 and the dividend distribution policy of the Company. Thus, the amount reported in General Reserve is not entirely distributable.

In respect of the year ended March 31, 2022, the Board of Directors has proposed a final dividend of C 3.75 per share of face value C 5 each be paid on fully paid equity shares.  This equity dividend is subject to approval by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting and has not been included as a liability in these financial statements. The proposed equity dividend is payable to all holders of fully paid equity shares. The total estimated equity dividend to be paid is C 792 Lakhs.

## NOTE No. 1.19 LONG TERM BORROWINGS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at March 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  Non Current  Current*  Non Current  Current*  Secured  From Banks  Rupee Term Loans  10,969  5,267  11,528  4,051  Foreign Currency Term Loans  17 ,886  7 ,384  24,509  6,770  28,855  12,651  36,037  10,821  From NBFC  Rupee Term Loans  8,524  2,208  7 ,682  -  Total  37,379  14,859  43,719  10,821   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1.  The above long term borrowings are carried at amortised cost.

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Loans at amortised cost as at the end of the year  52,238  54,540  Add : Unamortised upfront fee paid as at the end of year  153  236  Gross loan outstanding as at the end of the year  52,391  54,776   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2. Refer note no 3.7 for security and terms of borrowings.

* Taken to short term borrowings ( Note 1.24)

## Net Debt Reconciliation:

For the year ended March 31, 2022

| Particulars  Cash and  cash  equivalents  Instrument  to hedge  the finance  liability**  Current  Borrowing  Non-Current  Borrowing  plus current  maturity of  long term  debt*  Lease  Liability  Total  Balance as at  April 1, 2021  2,634  (732)  (15,821)  (55,152)  (10,244)  (79,315)  Acquisition of RoU asset  -  -  -  -  (2,476)  (2,476)  Pre-closure of leases  -  -  -  -  91  91  Cash Flows  (368)  -  (3,508)  3,406  4,234  3,764  Fair Value changes  -  1,049  -  -  -  1,049  Foreign exchange adjustments  -  -  (1,008)  -  (1,008)  Interest expense &amp; other charges  -  -  (1,918)  (4,322)  (924)  (7 ,164)  Interest &amp; charges paid  -  -  1,908  4,376  924  7 ,208  Balance as at March 31, 2022  2,266  317  (19,339)  (52,700)  (8,395)  (77 ,851)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## For the year ended March 31, 2021

| Particulars  Cash and  cash  equivalents  Instrument  to hedge  the finance  liability**  Current  Borrowing  Non-Current  Borrowing  plus current  maturity of  long term  debt*  Lease  Liability  Total  Balance as at April 1, 2020  5,851  (539)  (24,488)  (80,350)  (11,576)  (1,11,102)  Acquisition of RoU asset  -  -  -  -  (573)  (573)  Pre-closure of leases  -  -  -  -  901  901  Cash Flows  (3,217)  -  8,359  23,870  1,004  30,016  Fair Value changes  -  (193)  -  -  -  (193)  Foreign exchange adjustments  -  254  1,443  -  1,697  Interest expense &amp; other charges  -  -  (2,117)  (7 ,222)  (1,077)  (10,416)  Interest &amp; charges paid  -  -  2,171  7 ,107  1,077  10,355  Balance as at March 31, 2021  2,634  (732)  (15,821)  (55,152)  (10,244)  (79,315)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Includes the portion of 'interest accrued but not due' pertaining to borrowings.

** does not include foreign currency forward contracts that are used for hedging liabilities that are operating cash flows

## NOTE No. 1.20 LEASE LIABILITIES - NON-CURRENT

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Lease Liabilities - Non-current portion  6,685  8,303  Total  6,685  8,303   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Refer Note No B.6 &amp; 3.8

## NOTE No. 1.21 NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES- OTHERS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Currency swap &amp; IRS Derivative  353  902  Rent Advance  2  2  Total  355  904   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. Currency swaps are for principal only and are cash flow hedge and hence are carried at fair value through OCI
2.   IRS &amp; IRC derivatives that are hedge effective are carried at fair value through OCI &amp; others are carried at fair value through Statement of Profit &amp; Loss
3.   Rent advance is carried at amortized cost as it is not material to be fair valued

## NOTE No. 1.22 LONG TERM PROVISIONS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Other Provisions  Provision for Warranty Cost  15  36   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Movement in Provision for product warranties  is as follows :

| Particulars  Opening  Transferred to  Short Term  Warranty  provided for  current year  Closing  As at March 31, 2022  36  25  4  15  As at March 31, 2021  87  53  2  36   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This provision is recognised once the products are sold. The estimated provision takes into account historical information, frequency and average cost of warranty claims and the estimate regarding possible future incidence of claims. The provision for warranty claims represents the present value of management's best estimate of the future obligations. The outstanding provision for product warranties as at the reporting date is for the balance unexpired period of the respective warranties on the various products which ranges from 2 to 5 years

## NOTE No. 1.23 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (NET)

## ( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Deferred Tax Liabilities  16,171  16,219  Deferred Tax Assets  (2,135)  (2,400)  Deferred Tax Liabilities (net)  14,036  13,819  MAT Credit Entitlement- Unused tax credit  (2,359)  (6,911)  Total  11,677  6,908   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note : Refer Note No 3.1 for detailed deferred tax working and effective tax rate reconciliation

## NOTE No. 1.24 SHORT TERM BORROWINGS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Secured  Loans repayable on demand from banks  Rupee Loans  4,031  1,890  Foreign Currency Loans  3,791  13,924  Sub-total (A)  7,822  15,814  Unsecured  Rupee Loans  11,500  -  Sub-total (B)  11,500  -  Current maturities of long-term debt ( refer note 1.19)  (C  )  14,859  10,821  Total  (A + B + C)  34,181  26,635   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Short Term Borrowings from banks are secured by a. first pari passu charge on current assets of the company.

b. second pari passu charge on fixed assets of the company.

## NOTE No. 1.25 LEASE LIABILITIES- CURRENT

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Lease Liabilities - Current portion  1,710  1,941  Total  1,710  1,941   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.26 TRADE PAYABLES

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Due to Micro and Small Enterprises  554  1,841  Sub-total (A)  554  1,841  Due to Other Suppliers  43,767  31,969  Accrued Expenses and others  2,215  1,419  Sub-total (B)  45,982  33,388  Total  (A + B)  46,536  35,229   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Payables to related parties - refer note 3.5

| Particulars  Ageing as on March 31, 2022  a. Less than  1 year  b. 1 - 2 years  c. 2 - 3 years  d. More  than 3 years  Grand Total  (i) MSME  554  -  -  -  554  (ii) Others  43,452  154  151  10  43,767  (iii) Disputed dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  (iv) Disputed dues - others  -  -  -  -  -  Gross Total  44,321  Accrued Expenses and others  2,215  Total  46,536   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  Ageing as on March 31, 2021  a. Less than  1 year  b. 1 - 2 years  c. 2 - 3 years  d. More  than 3 years  Grand Total  (i) MSME  1,841  -  -  -  1,841  (ii) Others  31,756  201  7  5  31,969  (iii) Disputed dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  (iv) Disputed dues - others  -  -  -  -  -  Gross Total  33,810  Accrued Expenses and others  1.419  Total  35,229   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.27 OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Interest accrued but not due on borrowings  441  620  Currency swap , IRS &amp; Forward cover derivative  185  400  Creditors for capital goods and services  3,996  1,452  Employee related liabilities  1,671  1,546  Dues to directors  17  9  Liability towards selling shareholders (from IPO proceeds)  16  3,081  Others  1,045  1,495  Total  7,371  8,603   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.28 CURRENT TAX LIABILITIES (NET)

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Income tax provisions less advance payment  690  67   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.29 OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Advance from customers  5,327  3,120  Deferred Revenue- EPCG benefit  -  1,148  Statutory Dues  1,789  1,358  Total  7,116  5,626   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.30 SHORT TERM PROVISIONS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Provision for employee benefits  Gratuity  203  148  Other Provisions  Provision for Warranty Cost  144  99  Provision for Rejection  110  94  Total  457  341   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

## Movement in Provision for product warranties is as follows :

| Particulars  Opening  Expired during  the year  Warranty  provided for  current year  Closing  As at March 31, 2022  99  99  144  144  As at March 31, 2021  111  111  99  99   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This provision is recognised once the products are sold. The estimated provision takes into account historical information, frequency and average cost of warranty claims and the estimate regarding possible future incidence of claims. The provision for warranty claims represents the present value of management's best estimate of the future obligations. The outstanding provision for product warranties as at the reporting date is for the balance unexpired period of the respective warranties on the various products which ranges upto one year.

## Movement in Provision for rejection is as follows :

| Particulars  Opening  Expired during  the year  Rejection  provided for  current year  Closing  As at March 31, 2022  94  94  110  110  As at March 31, 2021  60  60  94  94   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This provision is recognised once the products are sold. Materials are rejected due to various reasons and either get re processed and replaced to the customers depending on the type of rejections.  These rejections gets fulfilled within a period of 3 months and the provisions represents the present value of management's best estimate of possible rejections within the next one quarter.

## NOTE No. 2.1 REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Sale of products;  Domestic Sales  1,32,727  88,952  Export Sales  16,331  13,574  A.  1,49,058  1,02,526  Sale of services;  Machining Charges  50,919  39,058  Service Charges  686  299  B.  51,605  39,357  Other operating revenues;  Sale of swarf &amp; others  17 ,663  10,377  Duty Drawback  267  207  EPCG income on fulfilling obligation  1,891  1,938  Export Incentive under RoDTEP  159  -  Export Incentive under MEIS  -  224  C.  19,980  12,746  Revenue from operations ( A+B+C )  2,20,643  1,54,629   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Refer Note no: 3.12 'Segment Reporting' for breakup of revenue from operations.

## NOTE No. 2.2 OTHER INCOME

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Interest Income from deposits measured at amortised cost  138  118  Interest Income due to unwinding of fair valued assets  - Rent Advance  95  92  - Deemed Equity  156  314  Net gain on sale of assets  141  59  Rental income  28  28  Exchange rate Gain/(Loss) on Transaction &amp; Translation  368  694  Unclaimed balances written back  -  17  Others  1  -  Total  927  1,322   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 2.3 COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Cost of goods sold  1,03,997  65,700  Carriage inward  1,476  719  Sub Contract Charges  974  491  Total  1,06,447  66,910   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

NOTE No. 2.4 CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS AND WORK-IN-PROGRESS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Inventory at the end of the year  Work in Progress  10,758  7 ,614  Finished Goods  2,194  1,972  Sub total  12,952  9,586  Inventory at the beginning of the year  Work in Progress  7 ,614  8,626  Finished Goods  1,971  -  Sub total  9,585  8,626  ( Increase ) /  decrease  in inventory  (3,367)  (960)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 2.5 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Salaries and wages  14,352  10,820  Contributions to PF &amp;  ESI  489  376  Contribution to Gratuity fund  210  156  Managerial  Remuneration  1,195  1,277  Staff welfare expenses  2,359  1,663  Total  18,605  14,292   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 2.6 DEPRECIATION, AMORTIZATION AND IMPAIRMENT EXPENSE

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Depreciation on Property, Plant &amp; Equipment  18,031  16,146  Amortization of  Intangible Assets ( Software &amp; Dev.Exp.)  274  452  Amortization- Right-of-use Asset  2,145  2,176  Write off (including current year CWIP -  C  368 Lakhs)  422  193  Impairment of Capital Work in Progress  (274)  274  Total  20,598  19,241   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 2.7 OTHER EXPENSES

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Manufacturing Expenses  Stores, Spares &amp; tool consumed  14,077  9,730  Power &amp; Fuel  11,254  8,210  Repairs &amp; Maintenance  - Machinery  6,057  3,224  - Building  419  197  - Others  1,485  662  Payment to contractors  3,702  2,853  Other manufacturing expenses  335  169  A.  37,329  25,045   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contd..

| Administrative Expenses  Professional and Consultancy charges  619  437  Insurance Charges  406  398  Rates &amp; Taxes  136  196  Software Licenses  484  362  General Administrative Expenses  538  413  Printing &amp; Stationary  177  89  Postage &amp; Telegrams  46  26  Rent  95  80  Telephone Expenses  133  135  Travelling Expenses  607  240  Directors'  Sitting Fees  21  21  Remuneration to auditors  Statutory Audit  54  55  Taxation and Certification  10  21  CSR  Expenses  225  154  Amounts written off  Bad debts  -  199  Doubtful advances  382  (4)  Provisions for the year  Doubtful advances  (3)  -  Diminution in value of investment  (379)  -  Warranty  23  (62)  Rejections  17  34  Doubtful debts  (57)  (13)  B.  3,534  2,781  Selling expenses  Packing material consumed  1,944  1,105  Carriage Outward  2,953  1,698  Sales Promotion Expenses  267  355  C.  5,164  3,158  Total   ( A+B+C)  46,027  30,984   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 2.8 FINANCE COSTS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Interest expenses  On Short Term Borrowings  1,918  2,014  On Long Term Borrowings at Amortised Cost  4,226  7 ,006  Others  110  103  Other Borrowing costs  Unwinding of discounted Upfront fee on loans  96  216  Interest unwind - lease liability  924  1,077  Unwinding of Rent Advance  95  92  Bank charges  330  578  MTM (Gain) / Loss - Derivative -(Net)  (14)  13  Net (gain)/loss on foreign currency transactions and translation  735  (371)  Total  8,420  10,728   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES ANNEXED TO AND FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTE No. 3.1 INCOME TAXES

## Income tax expense for the year reconciled to accounting profit

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Year ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  Profit before tax  a  24,840  14,756  Income tax rate  b  34.944%  34.944%  Income tax expenses  a*b  8,680  5,156  Effect of  i) EPCG Benefit Capitalisation not considered for Income Tax purpose  (8)  (87)  ii) Effect of expenses inadmissible for tax  123  11  Income tax expense recognised in Statement of Profit &amp; loss  8,795  5,080   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Movement of Deferred Tax Assets/Liability:

( H in Lakhs)

| Movement during the year ended  March 31, 2022  As at March  31, 2021  Recognised  in P&amp;L  Recognised  in OCI  MAT  utilisation  As at March  31, 2022  Depreciation &amp; Amortization  (15,340)  118  -  -  (15,222)  Provision for doubtful debts  274  (20)  -  -  254  Provision for Loans &amp; Advances and Others  133  (133)  -  -  -  Other Temporary Differences  1,114  94  (276)  -  932  MAT Credit Entitlement- Unused tax credit  6,911  -  -  (4,552)  2,359  (6,908)  60  (276)  (4,552)  (11,677)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| Movement during the year ended  March 31, 2021  As at March  31, 2020  Recognised  in P&amp;L  Recognised  in OCI  MAT  utilisation  As at March  31, 2021  Depreciation &amp; Amortization  (15,375)  35  -  -  (15,340)  Provision for doubtful debts  278  (4)  -  -  274  Provision for Loans &amp; Advances and Others  133  -  -  -  133  Other Temporary Differences  1,130  278  (293)  -  1,114  MAT Credit Entitlement- Unused tax credit  9,858  -  -  (2,947)  6,911  (3,976)  309  (293)  (2,947)  (6,908)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 3.2 Employee Benefits

## Defined Contribution Plan

The employee provident fund is in the nature of Defined contribution plan. The contribution made to the scheme is considered as expense in the statement of Profit and loss when the employee renders the related service.  There is no other obligation other than the contribution payable to employee provident fund.

The  total  expenses  recognised  in  statement  of  profit  and  loss  of C 437  Lakhs  (2020-21: C 307  Lakhs) represents contribution payable to these plans by the company at rates specified in the rules of the plan.

## Defined benefit plans

The company extends defined benefit plan in the form of gratuity to employees. The company makes annual contribution to gratuity fund administered by trustees and managed by SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd.  The Company's liability is determined based on actuarial valuation done at the year end as per projected unit credit method. The plan provides for a lump-sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death, while in employment or on termination of employment of an amount equivalent to 15 days salary payable for each completed year of service subject to the maximum of C 20 Lakhs. Vesting occurs upon completion of five years of service.

These plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk and salary risk.

| Investment risk  For funded plans that rely on insurers for managing the assets, the value of assets  certified by the insurer may not be the fair value of instruments backing the liability. In  such cases, the present value of the assets is independent of the future discount rate.  This can result in wide fluctuations in the net liability or the funded status if there are  significant changes in the discount rate during the inter-valuation period.  Liquidity Risk  Employees  with  high  salaries  and  long  durations  or  those  higher  in  hierarchy,  accumulate significant level of benefits. If some of such employees resign / retire from  the company there can be strain on the cash flows.  Market Risk  Market risk is a collective term for risks that are related to the changes and fluctuations  of  the  financial  markets.  One  actuarial  assumption  that  has  a  material  effect  is  the  discount  rate. The  discount  rate  reflects  the  time  value  of  money.  An  increase  in  discount rate leads to decrease in Defined Benefit Obligation of the plan benefits &amp;  vice  versa. This  assumption  depends  on  the  yields  on  the  corporate  /  government  bonds and hence the valuation of liability is exposed to fluctuations in the yields as at  the valuation date.  Legislative Risk  Legislative risk is the risk of increase in the plan liabilities or reduction in the plan assets  due to change in the legislation / regulation. The government may amend the Payment  of Gratuity Act thus requiring the companies to pay higher benefits to the employees.  This will directly affect the present value of the Defined Benefit Obligation and the  same will have to be recognised immediately in the year when any such amendment  is effective.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The principal assumptions used for the purposes of the actuarial valuations were as follows

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Discount rate  7 .48%  7 .02%  Expected rate of salary increase  5.00%  5.00%  Attrition rate  5.00%  5.00%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  estimate  of  future  salary  increase  (which  has  been  set  in  consultation  with  the  company),  take account of inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.

Amounts recognised in total comprehensive income in respect of these defined benefit plans are as follows: ( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Current Service Cost  204  174  Net interest expense/ (income)  5  (18)  Component of defined benefit cost recognised in P&amp;L  209  156  Remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability comprising:  Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in financial assumptions  (69)  174  Actuarial (Gain)/ Losses due to Experience on DBO  57  81  Actuarial  (Gain)/Loss  arising  from  changes  in  financial  assumptions  due  to  demographic assumption changes in DBO  0  (10)  Return on Plan Assets (Greater) / Less than Discount rate  5  4  Components  of  defined  benefit  costs  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  (6)  249  Total Defined Benefit Cost  203  405   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amount included in the balance sheet arising from the Company's obligation in respect of its defined benefit plans is as follows

## ( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Present value of defined benefit obligation  1718  1580  Fair value of plan assets  1516  1432  Net liability arising from defined benefit obligation (funded)  (202)  (148)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Movements  in  the  present  value  of  the  defined  benefit  obligation  in  the  current  year  were  as follows: ( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Year ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  Opening defined benefit obligation  1580  1419  Current Service Cost  204  174  Interest Cost  105  88  Benefits paid  (158)  (344)  Actuarial (gain)/loss  (12)  244  Closing defined benefit obligation  1,718  1,580   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Movements in fair value of plan assets in the current year were as follows:

(

H

in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Year ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  Opening fair value of plan assets  1432  1675  Interest income of the assets  100  105  Employer contribution  148  0  Benefits payout  (158)  (344)  Actuarial gain/(loss)  (5)  (4)  Closing fair value of plan assets  1,516  1,432   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company funds the cost of the gratuity expected to be earned on a yearly basis to SBI Life Insurance Company Limited, which manages the plan assets.

The actual return on plan assets was C 95 Lakhs (2020-21: C 102 Lakhs)

Significant  actuarial  assumptions  for  the  determination  of  the  defined  obligation  are  discount  rate  and expected salary increase.  The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumption occurring at the end of the reporting year. ( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  If the discount rate is 100 basis points higher/lower, the defined benefit obligation  would    Decrease by (Mar22: (8.75%); Mar21: (8.87%))  (150)  (140)    Increase by (Mar 22:10.19%; Mar 21:10.37%)  175  164  If the expected salary is 100 basis points higher/lower, the defined benefit obligation  would    Increase by (Mar 22: 8.75%; Mar 21: 9.13%)  150  144    Decrease by (Mar 22: (7 .90%); Mar 21: (8.15%))  (136)  (129)  If  the attrition rate is 100 basis points higher/lower, the defined benefit obligation  would    Increase by (Mar 22: 1.71%; Mar 21: 1.36%)  29  21    Decrease by (Mar 22: (1.92%); Mar 21: (1.53%)  (33)  (24)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined benefit obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the assumptions may be correlated.

Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of each reporting year, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability recognised in the balance sheet. There was no change in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from previous year.

## Funding arrangements

The company has been fully funding the liability through a trust administered by an insurance company. Regular assessment of the increase in liability is made by the insurance company and contributions are being made to maintain the fund. Subject to credit risk of the insurance company &amp; the asset liability mismatch risk of  the  investments,  the  Company  will  be  able  to  meet  the  past  service  liability  on  the valuation date that falls due in the future.

The Company expects to make a contribution of H 232 Lakhs (as at March 31, 2021: H 260 Lakhs) to the defined benefit plans for the next financial year.

Information on the maturity profile of the liabilities:

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Weighted average duration of the DBO  12.18 years  13.08 years  H  in Lakhs  H  in akhs  Projected Benefit Obligation  1,719  1,580  Accumulated Benefits Obligation  1,160  1,446   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Maturity Profile (Para 147 C of Ind AS 19):

H

| FUTURE PAYOUTS  Present Value  Year (i)  104  Year (ii)  105  Year (iii)  109  Year (iv)  98  Year (v)  95  Next 5 year pay-outs(6-10yrs)  369  Pay-outs above ten years  840   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.3 Earnings per share

(

in Lakhs)

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Year ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  Earnings per share ('EPS')  Basic earnings per share  75.94  48.02  Diluted earnings per share  75.94  48.02  Face value per share for EPS  5  5  Basic and diluted earnings per share  H  in Lakhs  H  in Lakhs  Profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders  16,045  9,676  Nos.  Nos.  Total number of equity shares outstanding at the end of the year  2,11,28,311  2,11,28,311  Weighted average number of equity shares  used in the calculation of basic earnings per share  2,11,28,311  2,01,49,181  after adjustment for effect of dilution  2,11,28,311  2,01,49,181   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company completed its Initial Public Offering (IPO) and listed its shares on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited on March 25, 2021. The IPO involved fresh issues of 10,06,711 equity shares face value of C 5 each.  The 'weighted average number of equity shares' for computation of EPS has been calculated considering above mentioned fresh issue of shares from the date of allotment. (refer note: 1.17 for movement in equity share capital during year)

## 3.4 Financial Instruments:

## 3.4a Capital Management:

The  Company  manages  its  capital  to  ensure  that  it  will  be  able  to  continue  as  going  concern  while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance.

The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of changes to economic conditions and the strategic objectives of the Company. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, buy back shares and cancel them, or issue new shares. The Company finances its operations by a combination of retained profit, bank borrowings, disposals of property assets and leases.

The Company monitors the capital structure on the basis of total debt to equity and maturity profile of the overall debt portfolio of the Company.

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Debt (long-term and short-term borrowings including current maturities)  71,560  70,354  Equity  1,14,222  97 ,845  Debt Equity Ratio  0.63  0.72   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.4b Financial risk management

In course of its business, the Company is exposed to certain financial risks that could have significant influence on the Company's business and operational / financial performance. These include market risk (including currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

The Board of Directors reviews and approves risk management framework and policies for managing these risks and monitors suitable mitigating actions taken by the management to minimise potential adverse effects and achieve greater predictability to earnings.

In line with the overall risk management framework and policies, the treasury function provides services to the business, monitors and manages through an analysis of the exposures by degree and magnitude of risks.

The  Company  uses  derivative  financial  instruments  to  hedge  risk  exposures  in  accordance  with  the Company's policies as approved by the board of directors.

## i.Market Risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, liquidity and other factors that could have an adverse effect on realisable fair values or future cash flows to the Company. The Company's activities expose it primarily to the financial risks of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates as future specific market changes cannot be normally predicted with reasonable accuracy

## · Foreign currency risk management:

The  Company  undertakes  transactions  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  and  thus  it  is  exposed  to exchange  rate  fluctuations. The  Company  actively  manages  its  currency  rate  exposures,  arising  from transactions entered and denominated in foreign currencies, through treasury division and uses derivative instruments such as foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the risks from such exposures.  The use of derivative instruments is subject to limits and regular monitoring by Management.  The carrying amounts of the Company's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the end of the reporting year are as follows.

| Assets  As at March 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  Currency  Amount in Foreign  currency (Lakhs)  Amount in  D  (Lakhs)  Amount in Foreign  currency (Lakhs)  Amount in  D  (Lakhs)  Receivables  USD  49  3,684  32  2,327  EUR  12  991  9  733  GBP  0  4  0  4  Loans given in FC  EUR  -  -  3  283  Total Receivables (A)  4,678  3,347  Hedged by derivative  contracts (B)  -  -  -  -  Unhedged receivables (C=A-B)  4,678  3,347   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Liabilities  As at March 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  Currency  Amount in Foreign  currency (Lakhs)  Amount in  D  (Lakhs)  Amount in Foreign  currency (Lakhs)  Amount in  D  (Lakhs)  Payable (trade &amp; others)  USD  65  4,928  93  6,784  JPY  699  436  313  207  EUR  14  1,167  3  230  GBP  0  5  0  7  CHF  0  0  0  0  Borrowings (ECB and Others)  USD  371  28,131  596  43,584  EUR  12  1,026  21  1,771  Total Payables (A)  35,693  52,583  Hedges by derivative contracts (B)  199  15,121  271  19,817  Unhedged Payables (C=A-B)  20,572  32,767   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Foreign currency sensitivity analysis:

Movement in the functional currencies of the various operations of the Company against major foreign currencies  may  impact  the  Company's  revenues  from  its  operations. Any  weakening  of  the  functional currency may impact the Company's cost of imports and cost of borrowings and consequently may increase the cost of financing the Company's capital expenditures.

The foreign exchange rate sensitivity is calculated for each currency by aggregation of the net foreign exchange rate exposure of a currency and a parallel foreign exchange rates shift in the foreign exchange rates of each currency by 1%, which represents Management's assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates.

The  sensitivity  of  profit  or  loss  to  changes  in  the  exchange  rates  arises  mainly  from  foreign  currency denominated financials instruments.  The following table details the Company's sensitivity movement in the unhedged foreign exposure: ( H in Lakhs)

| 1% Strengthening of FC  Currency  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  USD  (143)  (282)  GBP  0  0  CHF  0  0  EUR  (12)  (10)  JPY  (4)  (2)  (159)  (294)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A depreciation of foreign currencies would have the opposite effect to the impact in the table above.

The following table details the forward foreign currency contracts outstanding at the end of the reporting year:

| (  H  in Lakhs)  Foreign Currency  Equivalent value  Fair value of contracts  Cash flow  hedges  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Sell USD  -  12  -  863  -  844   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

The MTM of the above has been included in the balance sheet under 'Other Current Financial Liability'. [Refer Note 1.27] as on March 31, 2021.

## Interest rate risk management:

The Company is exposed to interest rate risk  pertaining  to  funds  borrowed  at  both  fixed  and  floating interest rates. The risk of floating interest rates in foreign currency loans is managed by the Company by the use of interest rate swap contracts. Hedging activities are evaluated regularly to align with interest rate views and defined risk appetite, ensuring the most cost-effective hedging strategies.

## Interest rate sensitivity analysis

The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates at the end of the reporting year. For floating rate liabilities which are unhedged, the analysis is prepared assuming that the amount of the liability as at the end of the reporting year was outstanding for the whole year. An increase or decrease of 50 basis point in rupee interest rates and 25 basis points in USD libor rate is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents Management's assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

A decrease in interest rates would have the opposite effect to the impact in the table below.

| Base Rate  Increase in  Base rate  Effect of change in interest rates  Outstanding as on  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  USD Libor  25 bps  23  24  9,014  9,510  C  Baserate  50 bps  56  86  11,260  17 ,122  79  110  20,275  26,632   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Foreign currency and interest rate sensitivity analysis for swap contracts:

The company has taken interest rate swaps ('IRS') to hedge the interest rate risks. The marked-to-market loss as at March 31, 2022 is C 182 Lakhs (March 31, 2021 loss is C 836 Lakhs).  The amount of gain recognised in OCI for the year ended 31 st  March 2022 is C 640 Lakhs (March 31, 2021 - gain C 642 Lakhs) and the amount of gain recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss for the ineffective portion of cash flow hedge for the year ended 31 st  March 2022 is C 14 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: loss of C 13 Lakhs).

In addition to the above, the Company has an Interest Rate Collar ('IRC'), to hedge the interest rate risks. The marked-to-market gain as at March 31, 2022 is C 37 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: Loss C 85 Lakhs). The amount of gain recognised in OCI for the year ended 31 st  March 2022 is C 122 Lakhs (March 31, 2021 Loss C 26 Lakhs).

In case of currency swaps, the effective portion of cash flow hedges, is recognised in OCI in the cash flow hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit and loss. Amounts recognised as OCI are transferred to profit and loss when the hedged transaction affects profit or loss, such as when the hedged financial income or financial expense is recognised or when a forecast sale occurs when the hedged item is the cost of a non-financial asset or non-financial liability, the amounts recognised as  OCI are transferred to the initial  carrying  amount  of  the  non-financial  asset  or  liability. The  mark-tomarket gain as at March 31, 2022 is C 218 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: gain of C 174 Lakhs). The amount of gain recognised in OCI for the year ended 31 st  March 2022 is C 45 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: loss of C 426 Lakhs). Also, the effect given to OCI on account of restatement loss of the underlying foreign currency loans for the year ended 31 st  March 2022 is C 249 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: gain of C 1273 Lakhs).

Further, the Company has call options for principal payments of two of its foreign currency loan which is designated as a cash flow hedge. The marked-to-market gain as at March 31, 2022 is C 243 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: gain of C 28 Lakhs). The amount of gain recognised in OCI for the period year 31 st  March 2022 is C 215 Lakhs (March 31, 2021 - loss of C 410 Lakhs).

## Credit Risk:

Credit  risk  is  the  risk  of  financial  loss  to  the  Company  if  a  customer  or  counter-party  fails  to  meet  its contractual obligations.

- T rade receivables:

The Company periodically assesses the financial reliability of customers / corporates taking into account the financial condition, current economic trends, analysis of historical bad debts and ageing of accounts receivable. These include customers / corporates, which have high credit-ratings assigned by international and domestic credit-rating agencies. Individual risk limits are set accordingly.  The Company's trade and other receivables, including loans under customer financing activities, consists of a large number of customers, across geographies.

The company has used a practical expedient by computing the expected credit loss allowance for trade receivable  based  on  a  provision  matrix. The  provision  matrix  takes  into  account  historical  credit  loss experience and adjusted for forward-looking information.

## Movement in Credit loss allowance

(

H

in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Balance as at beginning of the year  783  795  Allowance for bad and doubtful debts during the year  (57)  187  Trade Receivables written off during the year  -  (199)  Balance as at the end of the year  726  783   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

· Other financial assets:

a. Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte Limited- wholly owned subsidiary:

Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte Limited was a wholly owned subsidiary and a sourcing office to the Company.  The investment and the loan outstanding to its subsidiary was fully impaired in FY2016-17 .

During October 2019, the loan outstanding to the extent of SGD 0.67 million ( C 348 Lakhs) was converted to equity share capital. Subsequently, the Company passed Board Resolution at their meeting held on August 20, 2019 to wind up the subsidiary

However, the process of winding up could not be completed immediately due to the global pandemic. The subsidiary was non-operational as on March 31, 2021. The subsidiary was dissolved on June 21, 2021. As the subsidiary company was defunct, there is no impact on the financial statements of the Group for the year ended March 31, 2022.

## b. Craftsman Europe BV- wholly owned subsidiary:

The Company had granted interest-free loans to Craftsman Europe B.V (formerly Craftsman Marine BV). Earlier, the Company fair valued the loan based on an estimated contractual repayment schedule, and the difference between the initial fair value and the amount of cash advanced was considered as an additional capital contribution in the subsidiary (deemed equity) and accounted in the books.

During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Company has provided an extension in repayment of loan due from the subsidiary. On account of modification in the contractual cash flow, the Company has recalculated the fair value &amp; deemed equity portion on the interest-free loan outstanding as on March 31, 2021.

Further, the management based on the information available and considering the future business plan, cash flow projections &amp; forecasts is of the view that the recoverable amount of investment is more than

the carrying amount of investments and there has not been any significant increase in the credit risk &amp; loan being credit impaired as the subsidiary is operating on a self-sustaining basis and generating profits.

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Carrying amount of Investment in Subsidiaries  2,264  2,264   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## c. Bhatia Coke &amp; Energy Limited

Bhatia Coke &amp; Energy Limited is under 'Corporate Insolvency resolution process' as per the MCA website. Also,  the  management  of  the  Company  is  taken  over  by  an  insolvency  professional  appointed  by  the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT)

Given this, the Company has fair valued the investment to NIL as at March 31, 2022. Fair value loss recognised in OCI for the year ended 31 st  March 2022 is Nil (for the year ended March 31, 2021 is loss of C 110 Lakhs)

## d. Others

None of the Company's other cash equivalents, including time deposits with banks, are overdue or impaired.

## Movement in Provision for advances:

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Balance as at beginning of the year  31  31  Allowance for the doubtful advances made during the year  379  (4)  Advances written off during the year  (382)  4  Balance as at the end of the year  28  31   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Refer Note 1.6 and 1.9 of the financial statements.

## ii. Liquidity Risk:

Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company cannot meet its financial obligations. The objective of liquidity  risk  management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use as per requirements. The Company has obtained fund and non-fund based working capital limits from various banks. The Company invests its surplus funds in bank fixed deposit, which carry minimal mark to market risks.

The table below summarizes the maturity profile remaining contractual maturity period at the balance sheet date for its non-derivative financial liabilities based on the discounted cash flows. ( H in Lakhs)

| As at March 31, 2022  Due within 1 year  Due between  2 and 5 years  Due beyond  5 years  Total Amount  Bank and other borrowings  34,181  36,853  526  71,560  Interest payments on borrowings  3,282  4,169  8  7 ,459  Lease Liability  1,710  3,963  2,722  8,395  Trade Payables  46,536  -  -  46,536   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| As at March 31, 2021  Due within 1 year  Due between  2 and 5 years  Due beyond  5 years  Total Amount  Bank and other borrowings  26,635  40,165  3,554  70,354  Interest payments on borrowings  3,870  5,973  126  9,969  Lease Liability  1,941  4,709  3,594  10,244  Trade Payables  35,229  -  -  35,229   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  table  below  summarizes  the  maturity  profile  for  its  derivative  financial  liabilities  based  on  the undiscounted contractual net cash inflows and outflows on derivative liabilities that settle on a net basis or gross basis. The table includes both hedge effective &amp; ineffective derivative instruments. Hedge effective instruments are fair valued through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) &amp; hedge ineffective derivative instruments are fair valued through statement of profit and loss. ( H in Lakhs)

| As at March 31, 2022  Due within  1 year  Due between  2 and 5 years  Due beyond  5 years  Carrying Amount  Currency &amp; Interest  rates- Swaps &amp; Options  627  (310)  -  317  Foreign exchange forwards  -  -  -  -  627  (310)  -  317   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| As at March 31, 2021  Due within  1 year  Due between  2 and 5 years  Due beyond  5 years  Carrying Amount  Currency &amp; Interest rates- Swaps &amp;  Options  37  (757)  -  (720)  Foreign exchange forwards  (12)  -  -  (12)  25  (757)  -  (732)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Company manages the Capital and debt by closely monitoring the bank covenants.

## 3.4c Categories of Financial assets and liabilities:

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Financial Assets  a. Measured at amortized cost:  Investments (net)  2,324  2,324  Cash and cash equivalents  2,266  2,634  Other bank balances &amp; Interest receivable  1,458  1,608  Trade Receivables  29,415  23,548  Loans  -  125  Security Deposit  2,846  2,398  b.   Mandatorily maintained at fair value through other comprehensive income  (FVTOCI)  Investments  30  30  Currency swaps &amp; options and IRS &amp; IRC  855  571  c. Deemed equity measured at fair value  Investments  463  463   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Financial Liabilities  a. Measured at amortized cost:  Borrowings  71,560  70,354  Lease Liability  8,395  10,244  Trade Payables  46,536  35,229  Other Financial Liabilities  7 ,188  8,205  b.   Mandatorily maintained at fair value through other comprehensive income  (FVTOCI)  Currency Swaps &amp; IRS  538  1,288  c. Mandatorily maintained at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)  Others  -  14   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.4d Fair value measurements:

## i)   Financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at the end of each reporting year:

The fair  value  of  financial  instruments  as  referred  to  in  note  (A)  above  have  been  classified  into  three categories depending on the inputs used in the valuation technique.  The hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements).

The categories used are as follows:

- Level 1 : Quoted Price for identical instruments in an active market
- Level 2 : Directly or indirectly observable market inputs, Other than level 1 inputs and
- Level 3 : Inputs which are not based on observable market data

For assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as at balance sheet date., the classification of fair value calculation by category is summarized below

## As at March 31, 2022

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Asset at fair value  Investments measured at  i) fair value through OCI  -  -  30  30  ii) fair value through P&amp;L  -  463  -  463  Derivative Instruments measured at  i) fair value through OCI  -  855  -  855  ii) fair value through P&amp;L  -  -  -  -  Liabilities at fair value  Derivative Instruments measured at  i) fair value through OCI  -  538  -  538   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## As at March 31, 2021

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Asset at fair value  Investments measured at  i) fair value through OCI  -  -  30  30  ii) fair value through P&amp;L  -  463  -  463  Derivative Instruments measured at  i) fair value through OCI  -  571  -  571  ii) fair value through P&amp;L  -  -  -  -  Liabilities at fair value  Derivative Instruments measured at  i) fair value through OCI  -  1,288  -  1,288  ii) fair value through P&amp;L  -  14  -  14   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Calculation of Fair Values:

The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair values are consistent with those used.

## Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at Balance Sheet date:

- The fair values of investment in quoted investment in equity shares is based on the current bid price of respective investment as at the Balance Sheet date.
- The fair values of the derivative financial instruments has been determined using valuation techniques with market observable inputs. The models incorporate various inputs including the credit quality of counter-parties and foreign exchange forward rates.

## 3.5 Related party disclosure

- a) List of parties where control exists
2. Subsidiaries

Craftsman Europe B.V

Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte Limited till June 21, 2021

- b) Other related parties

Joint Ventures

Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited

## Company with common directors

MC  Machinery  Systems  India  Private  Limited  (Formerly  known  as  MC  Craftsman  Machinery Private Limited) till November 30, 2021

## Key Management Personnel

- Mr. SRINIVASAN RAVI, Chairman and Managing Director
- Mr. RAVI GAUTHAMRAM, Whole Time Director
- Mr. CHANDRASHEKAR BHIDE, Independent Director
- Mr. CHANDRAMOHAN NATARAJAN, Whole Time Director (till July 10 2020)
- Mr. SUNDARARAMAN KALYANARAMAN, Independent Director
- Mr. UDAI DHAWAN, Nominee Director till June 20, 2021 &amp; Non-Executive Non-Independent Director from June 21, 2021 till March 19, 2022
- Mr. KALLAKURICHI KANNIAH BALU, Independent Director (till May 23, 2020)

Mrs. VIJAYA SAMPATH, Independent Director

- Mr. TAMRAPARNI SRINIVASAN VENKATA RAJAGOPAL, Additional Director (from March 19, 2022)
- Mr. C.B.CHANDRASEKAR, Chief Financial Officer
- Mr. THIYAGARAJ DAMODHARASWAMY, Chief Operating Officer
- Mr. SHAINSHAD ADUVANNI, Company Secretary

## c) Related Party  T ransactions - Summary:

( H in Lakhs)

| Transactions during  the year ended  Subsidiaries  Joint Ventures  Common director  company  Key Management  Personnel  Mar-22  Mar-21  Mar-22  Mar-21  Mar-22  Mar-21  Mar-22  Mar-21  Purchase of Goods &amp; Services  13  40  243  113  37  68  -  -  Sale of Goods &amp; Services#  818  373  3,102  1,676  -  -  -  -  Sales Commission expenses#  -  -  3  -  -  -  -  -  Reimbursement of Expenditure to  -  75  -  -  -  -  -  -  Reimbursement of Expenditure from  -  -  -  4  3  3  -  -  Unwinding effect of deemed equity  156  314  -  -  -  -  -  -  Dividend payments  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Remuneration  to  key  management  personnel  -  -  -  -  -  -  644  584  Commission  -  -  -  -  -  -  740  844  Sitting Fee  -  -  -  -  -  -  21  21  Interest Income#  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Loans recovered  285  268  -  -  -  -  -  -  Rental Income  -  -  2  2  17  26  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(

H

in Lakhs)

| Balances as at the end of  Subsidiaries  Joint Ventures  Common director  company  Key Management  Personnel  Mar-22  Mar-21  Mar-22  Mar-21  Mar-22  Mar-21  Mar-22  Mar-21  Trade Receivables  132  63  723  164  -  -  -  -  Trade Payables  218  223  6  2  -  25  -  -  Loans - Receivable*  -  125  -  -  -  -  -  -  Interest receivable*  -  3  -  -  -  -  -  -  Remuneration payable  -  -  -  -  -  -  17  9  Rent advance received  -  -  -  -  -  2  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## d) Significant Related party transactions:

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Year ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  Purchase of Goods &amp; Services  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited  243  113  Craftsman Europe BV - Netherlands  13  40  MC Machinery Systems India Private Limited  37  68  Sale of Goods &amp; Services  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited  3,102  1,676  Craftsman Europe BV - Netherlands  818  373  MC Machinery Systems India Private Limited  -  -  Sales Commission Paid  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited #  3  -  Reimbursement of Expenditure to  Craftsman Europe BV - Netherlands  -  75  Reimbursement of Expenditure from  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited  -  4  MC Machinery Systems India Private Limited  3  3  Unwinding effect of deemed equity  Craftsman Europe BV-Netherlands  156  314  Remuneration to key management personnel  Executive Directors  457  435  Chief Financial Officer  91  72  Chief Operating Officer  71  61  Company Secretary  25  17  Commission  Executive Directors  715  814  Non-Executive Directors  25  30  Sitting Fee  Non-Executive Directors  21  21  Loans recovered  Craftsman Europe BV - Netherlands  285  268  Rent Income  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Pvt Ltd  2  2  MC Machinery Systems India Private Limited  17  26   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## e) Balances of Related Parties:

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Year ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  Trade Receivable  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited  723  164  Craftsman Europe BV - Netherlands  132  63  MC Machinery Systems India Private Limited  -  -  Trade Payable  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited  6  2  Craftsman Europe BV - Netherlands  218  223  MC Machinery Systems India Private Limited  -  25  Loans - Receivable  Craftsman Europe B.V. Netherlands  -  125  Interest Receivable  Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte Limited*  -  3  Rent advance received  MC Machinery Systems India Private Limited  -  2  Remuneration payable  Mr. S Ravi  17  9   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## f) Details of advances in the nature of loans

(

in Lakhs)

H

| Name of the Company  Year Ended March 31, 2022  Year Ended March 31, 2021  Status  Out-  standing  Amount  Maximum  loan out-  standing  Invest-  ment in  shares of  the  company  Out-  standing  Amount  Maximum  loan out-  standing  Invest-  ment in  shares of  the com-  pany  Craftsman Europe B.V  Subsidiary  -  125  2,264  125  433  2,264  Craftsman  Automation  Singapore Pte Limited  Subsidiary  - Loan Receivable* #  -  -  -  -  -  379  - Interest Receivable*  -  3   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## g) Disclosure as required under section 186(4) of the Companies Act, 2013

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Purpose  Loan Outstanding  Craftsman Europe B.V  -  125  Funding for operations  Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte Limited #  -  -  Funding for operations  Investments  Craftsman Europe B.V  2,264  2,264  Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte Limited*  -  379  Deemed Equity-Craftsman Europe B.V  463  463   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  Provisions of C 379 Lakhs &amp; C 3 Lakhs have been carried as on March 31, 2021 against investment in and loan &amp; interest receivable from Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary.

#amount is below rounding off norms adopted by the Company.

## 3.6 Contingent Liabilities and Contingent assets

## a) Contingent Liabilities

Contingent  liabilities  are  disclosed  when  there  is  a  possible  obligation  arising  from  past  events,  the existence of which will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Company or a present obligation that arises from past events where it is either not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation or a reliable estimate of the amount cannot be made.

( H in Lakhs)

| Contingent Liabilities  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  a.Claims against the company not acknowledged as debt  Excise  7  7  VAT  50  55  Service tax  67  67  GST  16  36  Income tax  1,821  1,821  Stamp duty  56  56  b.Sales Bills discounted  2,217  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Commitments

Commitment on Capital Account not provided as on March 31, 2022: C 20,570 Lakhs; March 31, 2021: C 10,260 Lakhs.

## 3.7 Non-Current Borrowings:

(

H

in Lakhs)

| As at March 31, 2022  Particulars of Repayment  As at March 31, 2021  Non-  Current  Current  Maturity  Total  Installments  Amount/Inst  Non-  Current  Current  Maturity  Total  ECB-4  237  237  474  Quarterly  USD 0.63/8 , 0.93/8,  1.57/8  534  304  838  ECB-11  909  1,212  2,121  Quarterly  USD 4.00/ 20  2,046  1,168  3,214  ECB-12  -  1,030  1,030  Quarterly  INR  0.5/  2,  1 .0/  4.  2.18/ 15, 2.3/ 1  994  978  1,972  ECB-13  13,940  3,464  17 ,404  Half-yearly  USD 11.54 / 13  16,789  2,494  19,283  ECB-14  2,458  754  3,212  Quarterly  USD 2.50/ 20  3,098  543  3,641  FCTL -1  128  255  383  Quarterly  EUR 0.76 / 16  392  260  652  FCTL -2  214  428  642  Quarterly  EUR 1.28 / 15  657  -  657  FCNRB-2  -  -  -  Quarterly  USD 3.33/ 15  -  1,022  1,022  TL -1  2,207  1,289  3,496  Quarterly  INR 208.33/ 24  3,701  -  3,701  TL -4  -  -  -  Quarterly  INR 41.87/ 24  375  249  624  TL -8  -  298  298  Quarterly  INR 160.00/ 20  297  -  297  TL -13  990  703  1,693  Quarterly  INR 66.87 / 20  1,862  938  2,800  TL -14  1,497  995  2,492  Quarterly  INR 250.00/ 20  2,493  992  3,485  TL -15  299  -  299  Quarterly  INR 250.00/ 16  892  -  892  TL -18  3,275  1,874  5,149  Quarterly  INR 156.25 / 48  5,611  1,871  7 ,482  TL -19  2,993  745  3,738  Quarterly  INR 250.00/ 16  3,982  -  3,982  TL -20  3,324  174  3,498  Quarterly  INR 175.00 / 20  -  -  -  TL -21  4,907  1,400  6,308  Quarterly  INR 350.88 / 20  -  -  -  Total  37,379  14,859  52,238  43,719  10,821  54,540   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The balances mentioned above are at amortized cost. Refer note 1.19

All term loans, both Rupee and Foreign Currency are secured by first pari passu charge on fixed assets of the company. Also, a second pari passu charge on current assets of the company are created for all term loans except for loan from Kotak Mahindra Bank.

## 3.8 Lease arrangements

## 3.8a Company as lessee

Following are the changes in the carrying value of right of use assets for the year ended March 31, 2022:

( C In Lakhs)

Total

8,343

2,476

(2,145)

(91)

8,582

Particulars

Balance as at April 1, 2021

Additions

Amortization/ expense

Deletion

Balance as of March 31, 2022

811

-

(496)

-

315

Land &amp; Buildings

7 ,532

2,476

(1,649)

(91)

8,268

| Particulars  Machinery  Land &amp; Buildings  Total  Balance as at April 1, 2020  1,307  9,540  10,847  Additions  -  573  573  Amortization/ expense  (496)  (1,680)  (2,176)  Deletion  -  (901)  (901)  Balance as of March 31, 2021  811  7,532  8,343   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  aggregate  depreciation  expense  on  ROU  assets  is  included  under  depreciation  and  amortization expense in the statement of Profit and Loss.

The following is the break-up of current and non-current lease liabilities:

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Current lease liabilities  1,710  1,941  Non-current lease liabilities  6,685  8,303  Total  8,394  10,244   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following is the movement in lease liabilities during the year:

| Particulars  Amount in  D  Lakhs  Balance as at April 1, 2021  10,244  Additions  2,476  Finance cost accrued during the year  924  Deletion  (91)  Payment of lease liabilities  (5,158)  Balance as of March 31, 2022  8,395   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  Amount in  D  Lakhs  Balance as at April 1, 2020  11,576  Additions  573  Finance cost accrued during the year  1,077  Deletion  (901)  Payment of lease liabilities  (2,081)  Balance as of March 31, 2021  10,244   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Machinery

The  table below  provides  details regarding the contractual maturities of lease liabilities  on  an undiscounted basis:

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Less than one year  2,460  2,887  One to five years  5,839  7 ,010  More than five years  3,154  4,347  Total  11,453  14,244   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities as the current assets are sufficient to meet the obligations related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due.

Rental expense recorded for short-term leases was C 95 Lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2022. (March 31, 2020: C 80 Lakhs)

Total cash outflow for leases including short-term was C 5,253 Lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2022. (March 31, 2021: C 2161 Lakhs).

Note: The Company has elected not to assess any reduction in lease payments during the year ended March 31, 2021 as lease modification in accordance with MCA notification G.S.R. 463E dated July 24, 2020 on Ind AS 116 'Leases'.

## 3.8b Company as lessor

Company has provided a portion of its building on operating lease to MC Machinery Systems India Private Ltd &amp; Carlstahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited for a period of 3 years.

| Non-Cancellable Operating lease commitment  As at March 31,  2022  As at March 31,  2021  Not later than 1 year  28  19  Later than 1 year but not later than 5 years  15  2  Later than 5 years  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.9 The  information  required  to  be  disclosed  under  the  Micro,  Small  and  Medium  Enterprises Development Act, 2006 ( C In Lakhs)

| As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  The principal amount due to Micro and Small Suppliers under this Act  554  1,841  Interest accrued and due to suppliers on the above amount  5  8  Interest paid to suppliers under this Act ( Section 16)  Nil  Nil  Interest due and payable for the delay (for payment during the year beyond due date)  Nil  Nil  Payment made to suppliers (other than interest) beyond the  Nil  Nil  appointed date, during the year  Interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of year to suppliers under this Act  5  8  Interest due and payable to suppliers under this Act for payment already made  Nil  Nil   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The information has been given in respect of Vendors to the extent they could be identified as 'Micro and Small Enterprises' on the basis of information available with the company.

## 3.10 Offer Expenses for the IPO:

The equity  shares  of  the  Company  were  listed  on  BSE  Limited  and  National  Stock  Exchange  of  India Limited on March 25, 2021 upon successful completion of the Initial Public Offer ('IPO' or 'the Public Offer'). Owing to pandemic situation, there have been delays in receipt of invoices in relation to services availed for IPO.  These expenses are allocated between the selling shareholders and the Company wherein the Company's portion is adjusted against the securities premium reserve. Based on the invoices received and estimates by the management, the total issue expenses for IPO has been crystallised at C 3838 Lakhs (including GST). Out of the total expenses, share of Selling shareholders of C 3104 Lakhs (including GST) has been adjusted against their proceeds and the Company has adjusted C 622 Lakhs (excluding GST) against securities premium ( C 185 Lakhs during the year ended March 31, 2022 and C 437 Lakhs during the year ended March 31, 2021).

## 3.11 CSR Expenditure:

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Year Ended  March 31, 2022  Year Ended  March 31, 2021  (a)   Gross amount required to be spent by the company during the year as per section  135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule VII  224  154  (b) Amount spent during the year  225  52  (c) Amount transferred to CSR on-going projects subsequently  NA  102   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  In Cash  Yet to be paid  in cash  Total  (i) Construction / acquisition of any asset  111  -  111  (ii) On purposes other than (i) above  114  -  114   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Year Ended  March 31, 2022  Year Ended  March 31, 2021  (i)   amount required to be spent by the company during the  year  224  154  (ii) amount of expenditure incurred  225  52  (iii) shortfall at the end of the year  Nil  102  (iv) total of previous years shortfall  Nil  Nil  (v) reason for shortfall  Not Applicable  Delay in project due to  lockdowns induced by  COVID-19 pandemic. The  unspent amount has been  transferred to separate bank  account.  (vi) nature of CSR activities  1.   Promotion of Health care/  Eradicating hunger  1.   Promotion of Health care/  Eradicating hunger  2. Promotion of education  2. Promotion of education  3.   Environment  sustainability  3. Environment sustainability  4. Safety &amp; Welfare  4. Safety &amp; Welfare  (vii)   details  of  related  party  transactions,  e.g.,  contribution  to a trust controlled by the company in relation to CSR  expenditure as per relevant Accounting Standard,  Nil  Nil  viii)   where  a  provision  is  made  with  respect  to  a  liability  incurred  by  entering  into  a  contractual  obligation,  the  movements  in  the  provision  during  the  year  shall  be  shown separately.  Nil  Nil   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.12 Segment Reporting:

## a. Segment disclosure

( H in Lakhs)

| Segment Revenue  Year Ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31 2020  Automotive- Powertrain &amp; Others  1,15,435  81,127  Automotive- Aluminium Products  44,049  32,975  Industrial &amp; Engineering  61,159  40,527  Total Revenue as per Statement of Profit and Loss  2,20,643  1,54,629   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| Segment Profit or Loss  Year Ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  Automotive - Powertrain &amp; Others  30,374  22,064  Automotive - Aluminium Products  954  253  Industrial &amp; Engineering  6,439  7 ,535  Total Segments  37,767  29,852  Less: Unallocable Expenditure  (5,434)  (5,690)  Add: Other Income  927  1,322  Earnings Before Interest, Exceptional Item &amp; Tax  33,260  25,484  Less: Finance Costs  (8,420)  (10,728)  Profit before  T ax  24,840  14,756   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| Segment Assets  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Automotive - Powertrain &amp; Others  1,12,333  98,036  Automotive - Aluminium Products  68,966  55,765  Industrial &amp; Engineering  69,603  60,227  Total Segments  2,50,902  2,14,028  Unallocable Assets  17 ,490  22,129  Total Assets as per Balance Sheet  2,68,392  2,36,157   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ( H in Lakhs)

| Segment Liabilities  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Automotive - Powertrain &amp; Others  60,938  52,017  Automotive - Aluminium Products  34,220  29,689  Industrial &amp; Engineering  31,295  27 ,760  Total Segments  1,26,453  1,09,466  Unallocable Liabilities  27 ,719  28,846  Total Liabilities as per Balance Sheet  1,54,172  1,38,312   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| Geographical Information  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Revenue from operations  India  2,02,255  1,39,206  Outside India  18,388  15,423  Total Revenue  2,20,643  1,54,629   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b. Disclosure about major customers

Revenue from customers individually contributing more than 10% of total revenue of the Company across all the segments, amounts to C 68,098 Lakhs ( C 48,505 Lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2021) of the total revenue of the Company across all the segments.

## 3.13 Ratio Analysis

| Ratios  FY 21-22  FY 20-21  % Variance  (a) Current Ratio  1.03  0.96  7%  (b) Debt-Equity Ratio  0.63  0.72  -13%  (c) Debt Service Coverage Ratio*  1.70  1.32  28%  (d) Return on Equity Ratio  15%  11%  34%  (e) Inventory turnover ratio  4.33  4.34  0%  (f)  T rade Receivables turnover ratio  8.33  7 .21  16%  (g)  T rade payables turnover ratio  3.53  2.72  30%  (h) Net capital turnover ratio **  6  6  -6%  (i) Net profit ratio  7 .3%  6.3%  16%  (j) Return on Capital employed  20%  16%  21%  (k) Return on investment #  NA  NA  NA   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Ratios  Formula (Numerator/Denominator)  Remarks for 25% change  (a) Current Ratio  Current Assets / Current Liabilities  NA  (b) Debt-Equity Ratio  Total Debt/Shareholder's Equity  NA  (c) Debt Service Coverage Ratio*  Earnings available for debt service /  Debt Service  Debt service = Interest &amp; Lease  Payments + Principal Repayments  Higher profits  (d) Return on Equity Ratio  Net Profits after taxes/Average  Shareholder's Equity  Higher profits  (e) Inventory turnover ratio  Sales/ Average Inventory  NA  (f)  T rade Receivables turnover ratio  Sales / Average Accounts Receivable  NA  (g)  T rade payables turnover ratio  Purchases / Trade Payables  Improved sales volumes &amp; realisation  (h) Net capital turnover ratio **  Net Sales/Working Capital  NA  (i) Net profit ratio  Net Profit/ Net Sales  NA  (j) Return on Capital employed  Earnings before interest and taxes/  Capital Employed  Capital employed = Total Assets-  Current Liabilities  NA  (k) Return on investment #   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

* Excluding repayment made out of IPO funds

** Net working capital does not include short term borrowings

# Investments are made only for production and product related. Hence ROI is not applicable

- 3.14. a) No  proceedings  have  been  initiated  on  or  are  pending  against  the  Company  for  holding benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules made thereunder
- b) The Company has not been declared as a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any government authority
- c) As  per  the  information  available  with  the  Company,  the  Company  has  no  transactions  with the  companies  struck  off  under  section  248  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  or  section  560  of Companies Act, 1956
- d) There has been no charges or satisfaction yet to  be  registered  with  ROC  beyond  the  statutory  period
- e) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Intermediary shall
- 1) directly  or  indirectly  lend  or  invest  in  other  persons  or  entities  identified  in  any  manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate beneficiaries)
- 2) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries. Company has  not  received  any  fund  from  any  person(s)  or  entity(ies),  including  foreign  entities (Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the company shall
- i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
- ii) provided any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
- f) The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or  Virtual Currency during the financial year ended March 31, 2022.
- 3.15 Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.

| ## For SHARP &amp; TANNAN  Chartered Accountants Firm Registration No. 003792S  V.  Viswanathan Partner Membership No. 215565  Place :  Coimbatore  Date :  May 9, 2022  For and on behalf of the Board  R.Gauthamram Whole Time Director DIN : 06789004  S.Ravi Chairman and Managing Director DIN : 01257716  Shainshad Aduvanni Company Secretary M.No.A27895  C. B. Chandrasekar Chief Financial Officer  Place :  Coimbatore  Date :  May 9, 2022   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the members of Craftsman Automation Limited

Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

## Opinion

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated financial statements of Craftsman Automation Limited (hereinafter referred to as the 'Company' / 'Holding Company'), its subsidiaries (the Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as 'the Group') and a joint venture which include Group's  share  of  profit  in  joint  venture,  which comprise  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheet  as  at March  31,  2022  ,  the  Consolidated  Statement  of Profit  and  Loss  (including  Other  Comprehensive Income), the Consolidated Statement  of  Cash Flows and the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended on that date and notes to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  including a  summary  of  significant  accounting  policies  and other  explanatory  information  (hereinafter  referred to as 'the consolidated financial statements').

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements  in  accordance  with  the  Standards  on Auditing  ('SAs')  specified  under  section  143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards  are  further  described  in  the  ' Auditor's Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of  the  Consolidated Financial Statements' section of our report.

In  our  opinion  and  to  the  best  of  our  information and according to the explanations given to us the aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the information  required  by  the  Companies  Act,  2013 ('the Act') in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with Indian Accounting Standards  prescribed  under  section  133  of  the Act  read  with  the  Companies  (Indian  Accounting Standards)  Rules,  2015,  as  amended  ('Ind  AS') and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Group, its associates and joint venture as at March 31, 2022 , the consolidated profit and consolidated total comprehensive income, its consolidated cash flows  and  consolidated  changes  in  equity  for  the year ended on that date.

We are independent of the Group and joint venture in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ('ICAI') together with the independence requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements  under  the  provisions  of  the  Act  and the  Rules  made  thereunder,  and  we  have  fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities  in  accordance with  these  requirements  and  the  ICAI's  Code  of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide a  basis  for  our  audit  opinion  on  the  consolidated financial statements.

## Key Audit Matters

Key  audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period.  These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.

## Sr. No Key audit matter description and principal audit procedures

## 1. Accounting for derivative contracts

Refer Notes B.8,1.8, 1.15, 1.21, 1 .27 , 2.8 and 3.6 in consolidated financial statements

A significant source of Company's funds is borrowings, denominated in Indian rupee and foreign currency with a combination of fixed and floating interest rates.

The Company's cost of borrowing will be impacted by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and  movement  in  interest  rates. The  Company's  mitigation  plan  for  risk  of  foreign  currency fluctuation  and  interest  rate  fluctuation  includes  using  derivative  instruments  as  per  its  risk management policy.

These hedges taken using derivative instruments are designated as either cashflow or fair value hedge. Estimating future cash flows is a significant factor in determining the mark to market gain or loss, accounting of such forward contracts and in the determination of its fair value. Significant judgement is applied in making these estimates by the expert used by the management.

As at March 31, 2022 , the carrying value of the Company's derivatives included derivative assets amounting to C 855 Lakhs and derivative liabilities of C 538 Lakhs.

Accounting for derivative contracts is considered as a key audit matter because of the significant judgement and estimates used in the fair valuation and the complex compliance framework for determining the accounting &amp; disclosure of these transactions in accordance with Ind AS 109 'Financial Instruments' - Accounting (including recognition and derecognition of financial assets or liabilities).  These class of transactions are material with respect to the financial statements.

Our procedures related to audit of accounting for derivative contracts include the following

- understanding and evaluating the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of internal controls over the completeness, existence and valuation of derivative instruments and management's documentation of the hedge effectiveness, accounting of derivative and hedging transactions;
- examining the derivative contracts;
- testing qualifying criteria for hedge accounting in accordance with Ind AS 109, including:
- o understanding  the  risk  management  objectives  and  strategies  for  different  types  of hedge instruments;
- o evaluating that the relationship between the underlying liability and the hedge instrument;
- o using an expert for auditing the valuation and reviewing the hedge effectiveness test carried  out  by  management  as  per  Ind  AS  109,  including  the  economic  relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
- evaluating competence and capabilities of the auditor's experts and ensuring independence;
- involving the auditor's expert for testing the appropriateness of hedge accounting to qualified hedge relationships i.e., cash flow or fair value hedges;
- testing on sample basis the valuation of derivative instruments by management expert;
- for  selected  samples,  checking  the  confirmations  from  counterparties  to  the  derivative contracts for the valuation as at the year-end;
- checking  the  presentation  and  disclosures  in  the  financial  statements  for  compliance with Ind AS 109.

## 2. Accounting for Property, Plant and Equipment

Refer Notes B.4, B.6, 1.1, 1.2 and 2.6 in consolidated financial statements

Property, plant and equipment including capital work in progress ('PPE') represents 56% of the Company's total assets.

The capitalisation of PPE includes the fair value of the consideration given to acquire the asset (net of discounts and rebates) and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use (inclusive of non-refundable purchase taxes and duties).

Depreciation is generally charged as per Schedule II to Companies Act, 2013. In respect of certain classes of PPE, the useful life has been ascertained based on technical review by a Chartered Engineer and assessment by the management.

The Company carries out physical verification of PPE as per their policy on an annual basis.

The Company uses estimates and assumptions to determine the useful life of assets, residual value,  assess  impairment  loss  (if  any). The  useful  life  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is determined by the technical team of the management taking into consideration the industry practice, the application and usage factors and past historical trend.  The residual value at the end of the useful life of property, plant and equipment is estimated in determining the depreciable value of the asset. Impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment involves identification of Cash Generating Unit (CGU) using judgement and estimating future cash flows arising of out of such CGUs.

Due to the material value to total assets and estimates/judgements involved in their valuation, the audit of accounting of Property, Plant and Equipment has been considered as a Key Audit Matter in the audit of these financial statements

Our  procedures  relating  to  audit  of  accounting  for  Property,  Plant  and  Equipment  includes the following:

- evaluating of design and implementation of controls and testing the operating effectiveness of the internal controls over:
- o measurement of initial recognition costs including costs of self-constructed PPE;
- o valuation of PPE and review of useful lives including depreciation rates applied;
- o periodic physical verification of property, plant and equipment by the management;
- testing on sample basis the value of self-constructed assets with underlying documentation to assess compliance with applicable accounting standards;
- wherever the useful life of a PPE considered is different from the useful life indicated in the Act, obtain confirmation from management's technical team for the useful life for the same;
- reviewing the residual value of PPE considered by the management for consistency and appropriateness;
- understanding the basis behind identification of Cash Generating Units by the management and review the future cash flow projections for the same;
- checking the computation and correctness of the discounting factor applied for arriving at value in use and impairment thereof, if any;
- checking the reasonableness of the assumptions made by the management in identifying CGUs, assessing the future cash flows, discount factor and impairment loss;
- physically inspecting a sample of assets at one of the main units of the Company during the year to ensure existence of PPE;
- reviewing  the  physical  verification  reports  of  the  management  and  the  treatment  of discrepancies in the books of accounts / Fixed Asset Register, wherever applicable.

## Information Other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditor's Report thereon

The  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Holding  Company is  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  the  other information. The  other  information  comprises  the information included in the Management Discussion and  Analysis,  Board's  Report  and  Annexures  to Board's  Report  including  the  report  on  Corporate Governance, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information  is materially inconsistent with  the  consolidated  financial  statements  or  our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of Management and those charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Board of Directors of the Holding Company is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of  the  Act  with  respect  to  preparation  of  these consolidated  financial  statements  that  give  a  true and fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated  financial  performance,  consolidated total  comprehensive  income,  consolidated  cash flows  and  consolidated  changes  in  equity  of  the Group and the joint venture in accordance with the Ind  AS  and  other  accounting  principles  generally accepted in India. The respective Board of Directors of  the  companies  included  in  the  Group  and  its joint venture are responsible for maintenance of adequate  accounting records in  accordance with  the  provisions  of  the  Act  for  safeguarding the assets of the Group, and its joint venture and for preventing and  detecting frauds and  other irregularities; the selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and  estimates  that  are  reasonable  and  prudent; and  the  design,  implementation  and  maintenance of  adequate  internal  financial  controls,  that  were operating  effectively  for  ensuring  accuracy  and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Board of Directors of the companies included  in  the  Group  and  of  its  joint  venture  are responsible  for  assessing  the  ability  of  the  Group and  of  its  joint  venture  to  continue  as  a  going concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The respective Board of Directors of the companies included  in  the  Group  and  its  joint  venture  is responsible  for  overseeing  the  financial  reporting process of the Group and its joint venture.

## Auditor's  Responsibility  for  the  Audit  of  the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements  as  a  whole  are  free  from  material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit  conducted  in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement  when  it  exists.  Misstatements  can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in  the  aggregate,  they  could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions  of  users  taken  on  the  basis  of  these consolidated financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  SAs,  we  exercise professional  judgment  and  maintain  professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence  that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a material  misstatement  resulting  from  fraud is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  financial controls over financial reporting relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Holding Company have adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting system in place

with reference to the financial statements and the operating effectiveness of such controls.

- evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures  made  by  the  management  of  the Holding Company.
- conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related  to  events  or  conditions  that  may  cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group, and its joint venture to continue as a going concern. If  we  conclude  that  a  material  uncertainty exists,  we  are  required  to  draw  attention  in our  auditor's  report  to  the  related  disclosures in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  or, if  such  disclosures  are  inadequate,  to  modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's  report.  However,  future  events  or conditions may cause the Group, its associates and  joint  venture  to  cease  to  continue  as  a going concern.
- evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements, including  the  disclosures,  and  whether  the consolidated financial statements  represent the  underlying  transactions  and  events  in  a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- obtain sufficient appropriate audit  evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group and its joint venture to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.  We are  responsible  for  the  direction,  supervision and  performance  of  the  audit  of  the  financial statements of the Holding Company included in the consolidated financial statements of which we are the independent auditors. For the other entities  included  in  the  consolidated  financial statements,  which  have  been  audited  by  the other auditors, such  other auditors  remain responsible for the direction, supervision and  performance  of  the  audits  carried  out  by them.  We  remain  solely  responsible  for  our audit opinion.

Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the consolidated financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the consolidated  financial  statements  may  be  influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i)  planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the consolidated financial statements.

We communicate with those charged with governance  regarding,  among  other  matters,  the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  and other  matters  that  may  reasonably  be  thought  to bear  on  our  independence,  and  where  applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged  with  governance,  we  determine  those matters  that  were  of  most  significance  in  the audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare  circumstances,  we  determine  that  a  matter should not be communicated in our report because the  adverse  consequences  of  doing  so  would reasonably  be  expected  to  outweigh  the  public interest benefits of such communication.

## Other matters

- a. The  consolidated  financial  statements  include the  Group's  share  of  profit  after  tax  of C 38 Lakhs  and  total  comprehensive  income  of C 39 Lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2022 ,  in respect of a joint venture, whose financial statements have not been audited by us. The financial  information  of  the  joint  venture  has been  audited  by  other  auditor  whose  report has  been  furnished  to  us by the  Holding Company's  management  and  our  opinion  on the consolidated financial statements, in so far as  it  relates  to  the  amounts  and  disclosures included in respect of the joint venture, is based solely on the report of such other auditor.

b.

- The  consolidated  financial  statements  include the financial statements of subsidiaries, Craftsman  Automation  Singapore  Pte.  Ltd.,

which has been liquidated and Craftsman Europe B.V., whose financial statements reflect total  assets  of C 2,210  Lakhs  and  net  assets of C 1,975  Lakhs  as  at  March  31,  2022  ,  total revenues of C 1,936 Lakhs, net profit after tax of C 194 Lakhs, total comprehensive income of C 185  Lakhs  and  net  cash  inflows  amounting to C 183 Lakhs for the year ended on that date, have  not  been  audited  by  us. These  financial statements  of  the  subsidiaries  are  unaudited and  has  been  furnished  to  us  by  the  Holding Company's  management  and  our  opinion  on the consolidated financial statements, in so far as  it  relates  to  the  amounts  and  disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries, is  based  solely  on  such  unaudited  financial statements certified by the Holding Company's management. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us by the Holding Company's management, financial statements of the subsidiaries are not material to the Group.

Our  opinion  above  on  the  consolidated  financial statements  are  not  modified  in  respect  of  the above matters.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit we report that:

- (a) we have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of  our  knowledge  and  belief  were  necessary for  the  purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements;
- (b) in  our  opinion,  proper  books  of  account  as required  by  law  relating  to  preparation  of  the aforesaid consolidated financial statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books and the reports of the other auditors;
- (c) the Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated  Statement  of  Profit  and  Loss (including  other  comprehensive  income),  the Consolidated  Statement  of  Cash  Flows  and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the  relevant  books  of  account  maintained  for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements;
- (d) in our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial  statements  comply  with  the  Ind  AS specified under section 133 of the Act and read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended;
- (e) on  the  basis  of  the  written  representations received  from  the  directors  of  the  Holding Company  as  on  March  31,  2022    taken  on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and reports of the statutory auditors of  its  group  companies  incorporated  in  India, none of the directors of the group companies incorporated in India is disqualified as on March 31, 2022  from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act;
- (f) with  respect  to  the  adequacy  of  the  internal financial controls over financial reporting and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in 'Annexure A' which is based on our report of the Holding Company and its group companies incorporated in India. Our  report  expresses  an  unmodified  opinion on  the  adequacy  and  operating  effectiveness of  the  internal  financial  controls  over  financial reporting for those Companies.
- (g) with respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor's Report in accordance with the requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended. In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given  to  us,  the  remuneration  paid  by  the Holding  Company  to  its  directors  during  the year  is  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of section 197 of the Act;
- (h) with respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor's Report in accordance with Rule 11  of  the  Companies  (Audit  and  Auditor's) Rules, 2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us:
- i. the Group, as detailed in Note 3.8 to the consolidated financial statements, has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its consolidated financial position of the Group;
- ii. the Group has made provision, as required under  the  applicable  law  or  accounting standards, for material foreseeable losses, if  any,  on  long-term  contracts  including derivative contracts;
- iii. there  were  no  amounts  due  which  were required  to  be  transferred  to  the  Investor Education and Protection Fund  by the Holding Company or the joint venture.
- iv. a) the  respective  managements  of  the Company  and  its  group  companies incorporated  in  India,  whose  financial statements  have  been  audited  under the  Act,  have  represented  that,  to the  best  of  its  knowledge  and  belief, no  funds  (which  are  material  either individually  or  in  the  aggregate)  have been advanced or loaned or invested (either  from borrowed funds or share premium  or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company or its group  companies  to  or  in  any  other person or entity, including foreign entity ("Intermediaries"), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary  shall,  whether,  directly or  indirectly  lend  or  invest  in  other persons  or  entities  identified  in  any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company ("Ultimate Beneficiaries") or provide any guarantee, security or  the  like  on  behalf  of  the  Ultimate Beneficiaries;
- b) the  respective  managements  of  the Company  and  its  group  companies incorporated  in  India,  whose  financial statements  have  been  audited  under the  Act,  have  represented  that,  to the  best  of  its  knowledge  and  belief, no  funds  (which  are  material  either individually  or  in  the  aggregate)  have been received by the Company or its group companies from any person or entity, including foreign entity ("Funding

Parties"), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise,  that  the  Company  shall, whether,  directly or indirectly, lend or  invest  in  other  persons  or  entities identified  in  any  manner  whatsoever by  or  on  behalf  of  the  Funding  Party ("Ultimate Beneficiaries") or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;

- c)  based  on  the  audit  procedures  that have been considered reasonable and  appropriate  in  the  circumstances performed  by  us  on  the  Company and its group companies incorporated in  India  whose  financial  statements have  been  audited under  the  Act, nothing  has  come  to  our  notice  that has  caused  us  to  believe  that  the representations  under  sub-clause  (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material misstatement
- v. as stated in Note 1.18 to the consolidated financial statements, the Board of Directors of the Company have proposed final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval  of  the  members  at  the  ensuing Annual  General  Meeting. The  amount  of dividend  proposed  is  in  accordance  with section 123 of the Act, as applicable.

for SHARP &amp; TANNAN Chartered Accountants (Firm's Registration No. 003792S)

## V.  Viswanathan

Place: Coimbatore Date: May 9, 2022

Partner Membership No. 215565 UDIN: 22215565AIQIYC1271

## Annexure A to the Independent Auditor's Report

(Referred to in paragraph (f) under 'Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements' section of our report to the Members of Craftsman Automation Limited of even date)

## Independent Auditors'  Report  on  the  Internal  Financial  Controls  over  financial  reporting  under clause (i) of sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act')

We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Craftsman Automation Limited ('the Holding Company') and its group companies, which are incorporated in India, as of March 31, 2022 in  conjunction  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated financial  statements  of  the  Holding  Company  for the year ended on that date.

## Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls

The  respective  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Holding Company  and  its  group  companies,  which  are incorporated in India, are responsible for establishing and  maintaining  internal  financial  controls  based on  the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Holding Company considering  the  essential  components  of  internal control  stated  in  the  Guidance  Note  on  Audit  of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting ('the  Guidance  Note')  issued  by  the  Institute  of Chartered  Accountants  of  India  ('ICAI').  These responsibilities include the design, implementation and  maintenance  of  adequate  internal  financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the  orderly  and  efficient  conduct  of  its  business, including adherence to Holding Company's policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection  of  frauds  and  errors,  the  accuracy  and completeness  of  the  accounting  records,  and  the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.

## Auditors' Responsibility

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company and its group companies, which are incorporated in India, based on our audit. Our audit is conducted in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the 'Guidance Note') issued by the ICAI and  the  Standards  on  Auditing  prescribed  under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to  an  audit  of  internal  financial  controls.  Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply  with  ethical  requirements  and  plan  and perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.

Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over financial reporting and their  operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial  controls  over  financial  reporting  included obtaining  an  understanding  of  internal  financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that  a  material  weakness  exists,  and  testing  and evaluating  the  design  and  operating  effectiveness of  internal  control  based  on  the  assessed  risk. The  procedures  selected  depend  on  the  auditor's judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for our  audit  opinion  on  the  internal  financial  controls system over financial reporting of the Company and its group companies, which are incorporated in India.

## Meaning  of  Internal  Financial  Controls  Over Financial Reporting

A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  the consolidated financial statements for external purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial  control  over  financial  reporting  includes those  policies  and  procedures  that  (1)  pertain  to the  maintenance  of  records  that,  in  reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of consolidated  financial  statements  in  accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of  management  and  directors  of  the  company; and  (3)  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding prevention or timely detection of  unauthorised acquisition,  use,  or  disposition  of  the  company's assets  that  could  have  a  material  effect  on  the consolidated financial statements.

## Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting

Because  of  the  inherent  limitations  of  internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over  financial  reporting  may  become  inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

## Opinion

In  our  opinion  and  to  the  best  of  our  information and  according  to  the  explanations  given  to  us, the Company and its group companies, which are incorporated in India, have, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls  system over  financial  reporting  and  such  internal  financial controls  over  financial  reporting  were  operating effectively  as  of  March  31,  2022  ,  based  on  the internal control over financial reporting criteria established  by  the  Holding  Company  considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls  Over  Financial  Reporting  issued  by  the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

for SHARP &amp; TANNAN Chartered Accountants (Firm's Registration No. 003792S)

## V.  Viswanathan

Place: Coimbatore Date: May 9, 2022

Partner

Membership No. 215565 UDIN: 22215565AIQIYC1271

## CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

as at March 31, 2022

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Note No.  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31 2021  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, Plant and Equipment  1.1  1,45,372  1,42,028  Capital Work in progress  1.2  4,198  3,198  Other Intangible assets  1.3  424  678  Right-of-use Asset  1.4  8,582  8,343  Investments accounted for using equity method  1.5  235  195  Financial assets  Investments  1.6  30  30  Security Deposits  1.7  2,514  2,072  Other Financial assets  1.8  43  146  Other non-current assets  1.9  3,141  1,201  1,64,539  1,57 ,891  Current assets  Inventories  1.10  62,641  40,564  Financial assets  Trade receivables  1.11  29,621  23,895  Cash and cash equivalents  1.12  2,943  3,127  Other bank balances  1.13  1,405  1,539  Security Deposits  1.14  335  330  Other Financial assets  1.15  865  494  Other Current assets  1.16  5,129  7 ,350  1,02,939  77 ,299  Total Assets  2,67 ,478  2,35,190  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  EQUITY  Equity Share capital  1.17  1,056  1,056  Other Equity  1.18  1,12,518  95,887  1,13,574  96,943  LIABILITIES  Non-current liabilities  Financial liabilities  Borrowings  1.19  37 ,378  43,719  Lease Liabilities  1.20  6,685  8,303  Other Non-Current Financial Liabilities  1.21  355  904  Provisions  1.22  -  21  Deferred tax liabilities (Net)  1.23  11,678  6,838  56,096  59,785  Current liabilities  Financial Liabilities  Borrowings  1.24  34,182  26,635  Lease Liabilities  1.25  1,710  1,941  Trade payables  (a) total outstanding dues of micro enterprises &amp; small enterprises  1.26  554  1,841  (b)   total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro  enterprises &amp; small enterprises  45,702  33,375  Other current Financial Liabilities  1.27  7 ,37 4  8,603  Current tax liabilities (Net)  1.28  690  67  Other current liabilities  1.29  7 ,125  5,647  Provisions  1.30  471  353  97 ,808  78,462  ## Total Equity and Liabilities  2,67 ,478  2,35,190  The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated financial statements  This is the Balance Sheet referred to in our report of even date  For SHARP &amp; TANNAN Chartered Accountants Firm Registration No. 003792S V.  Viswanathan Partner Membership No. 215565  Place :  Coimbatore  For and on behalf of the Board S.Ravi Chairman and Managing Director  R.Gauthamram Whole Time Director DIN : 06789004  DIN : 01257716  Shainshad Aduvanni Company Secretary M.No.A27895  C. B. Chandrasekar Chief Financial Officer  Place :  Coimbatore   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Place :

Coimbatore

Date :

May 9, 2022

Place :

Coimbatore

Date :

May 9, 2022

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS

for the year ended March 31, 2022

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Note  No.  Year ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  INCOME  Revenue From Operations  2.1  2,21,702  1,55,995  Other Income  2.2  740  1,008  Total Income  2,22,442  1,57 ,003  EXPENSES  Cost of materials consumed  2.3  1,06,549  67 ,275  Changes in inventories of finished goods and work-in-progress  2.4  (3,144)  (622)  Employee benefits expense  2.5  18,776  14,462  Depreciation, amortization and impairment expense  2.6  20,599  19,245  Other expenses  2.7  46,105  31,056  Finance costs  2.8  8,422  10,728  Total expenses  1,97 ,307  1,42,144  Profit before tax  25,135  14,859  Share of profit from JV  38  17  Profit before tax  25,173  14,876  Tax expense:  3.3  (1) Current tax for the year  8,849  5,432  Current tax pertaining to earlier years  6  (43)  Net Current Tax  8,855  5,389  (2) Deferred tax  9  (249)  Profit for the year  16,309  9,736  Other Comprehensive Income  ('OCI')  A  (i)  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  - Remeasurement of defined benefit plans  6  (249)  - Equity Instruments through OCI  -  (110)  - Share of OCI of Joint Venture accounted for using equity method  1  -  (ii)  Income  tax  relating  to  items  that  will  not  be  reclassified  to  profit or loss  (2)  87  B  (i)  Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss  -   Exchange differences in  translating  the  financial  statements  of  foreign operations  (9)  49  -    The  effective  portion  of  gains  or  loss  on  hedging  instruments  in a cash flow hedge  785  1,088  (ii)  Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss  (274)  (380)  Other Comprehensive Income for the year, net of tax  507  485  Total  Comprehensive  Income  for  the  year  (Comprising  Profit  and  Other Comprehensive Income for the year)  16,816  10,221  Earnings per equity share Basic &amp; Diluted (Face value of  C  5/-)  3.5  - for continuing operations  77 .19  48.32  - for discontinued operations  -  -  - for continuing &amp; discontinued operations  77 .19  48.32   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated financial statements This is the Statement of Profit &amp; Loss referred to in our report of even date

## For SHARP &amp; TANNAN

Chartered Accountants Firm Registration No. 003792S

V.  Viswanathan

Partner

Membership No. 215565

Place :

Coimbatore

Date :

May 9, 2022

For and on behalf of the Board S.Ravi

Chairman and Managing Director DIN : 01257716

C. B. Chandrasekar

Chief Financial Officer

R.Gauthamram DIN : 06789004

Shainshad Aduvanni Company Secretary M.No.A27895

Whole Time Director Place : Coimbatore Date : May 9, 2022

## CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT

for the year ended March 31, 2022

| Particulars  Year ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  Cash flows from operating activities  Profit before taxation ('PBT')  25,173  14,876  Adjustments to reconcile PBT to net cash flows:  Depreciation, amortization and impairment expense  20,598  19,245  Gain on sale of assets  (141)  (59)  Exchange difference on transaction/translation (loss/(gain))  367  (1,065)  Share of Profit of Joint Venture  (38)  (17)  MTM (Gain) / Loss - Derivative -(Net)  (14)  13  Provision for :  Doubtful debts  (57)  (13)  Warranty &amp; Rejection  40  (25)  Slow moving inventory  485  175  Interest income (including fair value changes in financial instruments)  (233)  (210)  Government grant income  (2,317)  (2,369)  Liabilities no longer required written back  -  (17)  Assets no longer receivable written off (including exceptional item)  -  195  Interest expense (including fair value changes in financial instruments)  7 ,699  11,086  Operating cash flow before changes in working capital  51,562  41,815  Adjustments for:  Increase/ (Decrease) in provisions  62  (101)  Increase/ (Decrease) in other financial liabilities  (3,111)  4,104  Increase/ (Decrease) in other current liabilities  2,641  1,025  Increase/ (Decrease) in Trade Payables and other Payables  11,048  7 ,104  (Increase)/ Decrease in other non-current assets  -  256  (Increase)/ Decrease in other financial assets  (586)  187  (Increase)/ Decrease in other current assets  2,646  (3,7 46)  (Increase)/ Decrease in trade and other receivables  (5,303)  (3,955)  (Increase)/ Decrease in inventories  (22,562)  (8,178)  Cash generated from operations  36,397  38,511  Income taxes paid  (3,676)  (2,273)  Net cash from operating activities - A  32,721  36,238  Cash flows from investing activities  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  (21,267)  (9,861)  Purchase of Intangible  (22)  (67)  Proceeds from sale of equipment  258  321  Interest received  138  118  Net cash used in investing activities - B  (20,893)  (9,489)  Cash flows from financing activities  Proceeds from issue of shares  (185)  14,563  Proceeds from long-term borrowings  10,505  9,378  Repayment of long term borrowings  (13,911)  (33,248)  Net proceeds from short-term borrowings  3,508  (8,359)  Principal payments towards lease liability  (4,234)  (1,004)  Interest paid (incl. interest on lease liability)  (7 ,687)  (10,932)  Net cash used in financing activities- C  (12,004)  (29,602)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(

H

in Lakhs)

## CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT(Contd..)

for the year ended March 31, 2022

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Year ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents - (A+B+C)  (176)  (2,853)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  3,127  5,976  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  (8)  4  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year  2,943  3,127   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. Reconciliation of Cash &amp; Cash equivalents as per Cash Flow Statement

| The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated financial statements This is the Statement of Cash Flows referred to in our report of even date  Cash &amp; cash equivalents consists of:  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Cash and cash equivalents (note : 1.12)  2,943  3,127  Total  2,943  3,127  ## 2. Refer to note: 1.19 for Net Debt Reconciliation  For  SHARP &amp; TANNAN  Chartered Accountants  Firm Registration No. 003792S  V.  Viswanathan  Partner  Membership No. 215565  Place :  Coimbatore  Date :  May 9, 2022  For and on behalf of  the Board  R.Gauthamram  S.Ravi  Whole Time Director  Chairman and Managing Director  DIN : 06789004  DIN : 01257716  Shainshad Aduvanni  C. B. Chandrasekar  Company Secretary M.No.A27895  Chief Financial Officer  Place :  Coimbatore  Date :  May 9, 2022   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

for the year ended March 31, 2022

| The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated financial statements This is the Statement of Changes in Equity referred to in our report of even date  a.  Equity Share Capital  Balance at the beginning of  April 1 2021  Changes in equity share  capital  during the year  Balance as at  March 31, 2022  1,056  0  1,056  b.  Other Equity  Reserves and Surplus  Other Reserves  Total  Securi-  ties  Premium  Reserve  Gen-  eral  Re-  serve  Retained  Earnings  Share in  Networth  of Joint  Venture  Equity In-  struments  through  Other Com-  prehensive  Income  Effective  portion of  Cash Flow  Hedges  Foreign  Currency  Trans-  lation  Reserve  Balance as at  April 1, 2020  13,795  9,662  49,304  119  (211)  (1,661)  145  71,153  Profit for the year  -  -  9,719  17  -  -  -  9,736  Other Comprehensive  Income  -  -  -  -  (110)  708  49  647  - Defined Benefit Plan  -  -  (162)  -  -  -  -  (162)  Total  Comprehensive  Income for the year  -  -  9,557  17  (110)  708  49  10,221  Issues of shares  14,513  -  -  -  -  14,513  Dividends  -  -  -  -  -  -  Balance as at  March 31, 2021  28,308  9,662  58,861  136  (321)  (953)  194  95,887  Profit for the year  -  -  16,271  38  -  -  -  16,309  Other Comprehensive  Income  -  -  -  -  511  (9)  502  - Defined Benefit Plan  -  -  4  1  -  -  5  Total  Comprehensive  Income for the year  -  -  16,275  39  -  511  (9)  16,816  Issues of shares  (refer note 3.12)  (185)  -  -  -  -  (185)  Dividends  -  -  -  -  -  -  Balance as at  March 31, 2022  28,123  9,662  75,136  175  (321)  (442)  185  1,12,518  For  SHARP &amp; TANNAN  Chartered Accountants  Firm Registration No. 003792S  V.  Viswanathan  Partner  Membership No. 215565  Place :  Coimbatore  Date :  May 9, 2022  For and on behalf of  the Board  R.Gauthamram  S.Ravi  Whole Time Director  Chairman and Managing Director  DIN : 06789004  DIN : 01257716  Shainshad Aduvanni  C. B. Chandrasekar  Company Secretary M.No.A27895  Chief Financial Officer  Place :  Coimbatore  Date :  May 9, 2022   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

H

(

in Lakhs)

## Notes annexed to and forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements:

## A. CORPORATE INFORMATION

The  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  comprise of  Financial  Statements  of  Craftsman  Automation Limited (the Company), its subsidiaries and its joint venture (collectively 'the Group') for the year ended March  31,  2022.  Craftsman  Automation  Private Limited  was  incorporated  under  the  Companies Act,  1956  on  July  18,  1986. The  shareholders  of the Company approved the conversion into a public limited  company  at  the  meeting  held  on April  30, 2018 and the Registrar of Companies, Coimbatore issued a fresh Certificate of Incorporation dated May 4,  2018. The company is engaged in the business of  manufacturing  engineering  components,  subassemblies,  products  and  rendering  of  contract manufacturing services to various industries

## SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Statement of Compliance

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been prepared  in  accordance  with  Indian  Accounting Standards  (Ind  AS)  as  notified  under  the  Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act) read with the Companies  (Indian  Accounting  Standards)  Rules 2015. The presentation of the Financial Statements is based on Schedule III of the Companies Act,2013.

## B.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

The items included in Consolidated Financial Statements  of  each  of  the  Group  entities  are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment (functional currency) in which  each  of  the  Group's  entity  operates.  The consolidated  financial  statements  are  presented in Indian Rupees (INR) which is the functional and presentation currency of the Company and all values are  rounded  to  the  nearest  Lakhs,  except  where otherwise  indicated.  In  the  Group's  Consolidated Financial Statements, all assets, liabilities and transactions  of  Group  entities  with  a  functional currency other than the INR are translated into INR upon consolidation.

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of  the  consideration  given  in  exchange  for  goods and services. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at  the  measurement  date,  regardless  of  whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.

All  assets  and  liabilities  for  which  fair  value  is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

Level  1  -  Quoted  (unadjusted)  market  prices  in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

Level  2  -  Valuation  techniques  for  which  the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or indirectly observable

Level  3  -  Valuation  techniques  for  which  the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following assets  and  liability  which  have  been measured at fair value

- i) Derivative financial instruments
2. ii)  Certain financial assets and liability measured at fair value (refer note. 3.6)

## iii)  Defined Benefit Obligation.

The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared  on  accrual  and  going  concern  basis.  All assets  and  liabilities  are  presented  as  Current  or Non-current  as  per  the  Group's  normal  operating cycle and other criteria set out in the Schedule III of  the  Act.  Based  on  the  nature  of  products  and the  time  between  the  acquisition  of  assets  for processing  and  their  realization,  the  Group  has ascertained its operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose  of  Current  /  Non-current  classification  of assets and liabilities.

## B.2 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

The accounting policies which  have the  most significant  effect  on  the  figures  disclosed  in  the financial  statements  are  mentioned  below  and these  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the disclosure  of  the  significant  Ind  AS  accounting policies provided below:

## i. Useful life of Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangibles

The  assessment  of  the  useful  life  of  each asset  by  considering  the  historical  experience and  expectations  regarding  future  operations and expected usage, estimated technical obsolescence, residual value, physical wear and tear and the operating environment in which the asset  is  located  needs  significant  judgement by the management. In case of intangibles the useful  life  is  determined  based  on  the  period over  which  future  economic  benefit  will  flow to the Group.

## ii.  Tools in use

The assessment of useful life of tools in use has been done considering the historical experience and estimated refurbishment cycle and operating environment.

## iii. Income  T axes

The calculation of income taxes requires judgement in interpreting tax rules and regulations.  Management  judgement  is  used to determine the amounts  of deferred tax assets and liabilities and future tax liabilities to be recognized.

## iv.  Fair  Value

Certain financial instruments, such as investments in equity securities, derivative financial instruments and certain elements of borrowings, are carried in the financial statements  at  fair  value,  with  changes  in  fair value  reflected  in  the  Statements  of  Profit  &amp; Loss.  Fair  values  are  estimated  by  reference to published price quotations or by using other valuation techniques that may include inputs that are not based on observable market data, such as discounted cash flows analysis.

## v.  Measurement of defined benefit obligations

Gratuity actuarial valuation  considers  various assumptions  which  are based  on the past experience and general economic conditions.

## vi. Measurement and likelihood of occurrence of provisions and contingencies

The  provision  for  warranty  and  rejection  have been done based on past experiences, product lifecycle maturity, reprocessing/repair cost.

## vii.  Recognition of deferred tax asset

The Group estimates the possible utilization of unabsorbed  losses  while  recognizing  deferred tax asset considering the future business plans and economic environment.

## B.3 PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

The  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  relate  to Craftsman  Automation  Limited,  its subsidiaries, joint  venture  and  associates.  Subsidiaries  are  all entities over which the Company exercises control. The Company exercises control if and only if it has the following:

- power over the entity.
- exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity; and
- the  ability  to  use  its  power  over  the  entity  to affect the amount of its returns.

The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on the following basis:

- The  Financial  Statements  of  the  Group  have been combined on a line-by-line basis by adding together the book values of like items of assets, liabilities, income and expenses, after fully eliminating intra-group balances and intra-group transactions and  resulting unrealised  profits, unrealised  losses  from  intra-group  transactions are eliminated unless cost cannot be recovered.
- The Group treats transactions with noncontrolling interests that do not result in a loss of control as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of the  controlling  and  non-controlling  interests  to reflect  their  relative  interests  in  the  subsidiary. Any  difference  between  the  amount  of  the adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration  paid  or  received  is  recognised within equity.
- An associate is an entity over which the investor has  significant  influence.  Significant  influence is  the  power  to  participate  in  the  financial  and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not  control  or  joint  control  of  those  policies. A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the

parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the arrangement. Investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method.

- Under the equity method, on initial recognition the investment in an associate or a joint venture is  recognised  at  cost. The  carrying  amount  of the investment in associates and joint ventures is  increased  or  decreased  to  recognise  the Group's share of the profit or loss after the date of acquisition.
- The Financial Statements of the associate or  joint  venture  are  prepared  for  the  same reporting period as the Group. When necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Group.
- The  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  have been prepared using uniform accounting policies for like transactions and other events in similar circumstances and are presented to the extent possible, in the same manner, as the Company's separate Financial Statements.

## B.4 PROPERTY PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

## Recognition and Measurement

All Property Plant &amp; Equipment (PPE) barring land as at transition date are stated at cost of acquisition / installation as adjusted for import duty waivers and foreign  exchange  losses  /  gains  less  accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

Cost  of  acquisition  /  installation  includes  the  fair value  of  the  consideration  given  to  acquire  the asset (net of discounts and rebates) and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to working condition  for  its  intended  use  (inclusive  of  nonrefundable purchase taxes and duties).

The Company capitalizes the import duty waived in respect  of  capital  equipment  imported  under  the Export Promotion Capital Goods Scheme

Foreign  exchange  gain  /loss  arising on  foreign currency  denominated  borrowing  which  are  not hedged  that  were  incurred  to  acquire  PPE  are recorded  as  part  of  the  cost  of  asset  as  per  Ind AS 101 Para D13AA and Ind AS 21 Para 7AA and depreciated  over  their  remaining  useful  life.  In respect  of  exchange  gain  or  loss  arising  from foreign  currency  denominated  borrowings  which are  hedged  accounting  has  been  done  based  on Hedge  effectiveness  either  as  derivative  or  cash flow hedge as per Ind AS 109.

The cost of a self-constructed asset is determined using the same principles as for an acquired asset. If Company makes similar assets for sale in the normal course of business, the cost of the asset is usually the same as the cost of constructing an asset for sale. Any internal profits are eliminated in arriving at such costs. Similarly, the cost of abnormal amounts of  wasted  material,  labour,  or  other  resources incurred in self-constructing an asset is not included in the cost of the asset. Borrowing Costs is covered by Ind AS 23 criteria for the recognition of interest as a component of the carrying amount of a selfconstructed item of property, plant and equipment.

Subsequent expenditure relating to an item of PPE is capitalised if it meets the recognition criteria

The  import  duty  waived  on  capital  assets  which are purchased under the Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) schemes and which are capitalized are recorded as deferred revenue and recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the related performance obligations are fulfilled.

The  Company  in  respect  of  all  PPE  barring  land elected  to  continue  with  the  carrying  value  of the  relevant  PPE  as  recognized  in  the  financial statements as at transition date to Ind-AS measured as  per  the  previous  GAAP  duly  adjusting  for  the import duty waiver and used that as the deemed cost  as  at  transition  date  pursuant  to  exemption under  Ind  -AS  101. The  Company  elected  to  fair value the land as at transition date and use that fair value as the deemed cost.

## Depreciation on Plant Property and Equipment

The  depreciable  amount  of  PPE  (being  the  gross carrying value less the estimated residual value) is depreciated on a systematic basis over its useful life.

In respect of certain classes of PPE, the Group uses different useful life other than those prescribed in Schedule II to the Act. The useful life of such class of  PPE  has  been  ascertained  based  on  technical review by a Chartered Engineer and assessment by the Management as detailed in the following table

| Classes of PPE  Useful life and basis  of depreciation  New Plant and Machinery  20 Years  Used Plant and Machinery  10 Years  Tool holder, jigs, fixtures,  patterns, dies, moulds and  instruments and gauges  5 Years  Lease hold improvements  Over lease period   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## De-recognition:

An  item  of  PPE  is  de-recognised  at  the  time  of its  disposal  or  when  it  is  assessed  that  no  future economic benefit  would  accrue  from  it. The  gain/ loss arising out of such disposal/retirement is taken to Statement of profit or loss

## B.5 INTANGIBLE ASSETS

An intangible asset is an identifiable non-monetary asset without physical substance.

An  intangible  asset  with  finite  useful  life  that  are acquired  separately  and  where  the  useful  life  is 2years  or  more  is  capitalized  and  carried  at  cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is recognized on a straight line basis over the useful life of the asset. The class of asset and the estimated useful life is as follows

| Description of the asset  Useful life and basis  of amortization  Software - Acquired  5 Years  Technical Know - Acquired  2.5 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Internally generated intangible assets

Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred. An internally  generated  intangible  asset  arising  from development (or from the development phase of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

- -the technical feasibility of completing the intangible  asset  so  that  it  will  be  available  for use or sale,
- -the  intention  to  complete  the  intangible  asset and use or sell it, · the ability to use or sell the intangible asset,
- -how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits.
- -the availability of adequate technical, financial and other  resources  to  complete  the  development

-

and to use or sell the intangible asset, and

- the  ability  to  measure  reliably  the  expenditure attributable  to  the  intangible  asset  during  its development.

The amount initially recognised for internally generated  intangible  assets  is  the  sum  of  the expenditure incurred from  the  date  when  the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally generated intangible  asset  can  be  recognised,  development expenditure  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  in  the period in which  it is incurred.  Subsequent  to initial  recognition,  internally  generated  intangible assets are reported at cost less  accumulated amortisation  and  accumulated  impairment  losses, on  the  same  basis  as  intangible  assets  that  are acquired separately.

| Description of the asset  Useful life and basis  of amortization  Development Expenditure  3 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## De-recognition

An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when  no  future  economic  benefits  are  expected from use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in  Statement  of  profit  or  loss  when  the  asset  is derecognised.

## B.6 IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS

At  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  the  Group determines whether there is any indication that its assets (tangible, intangible assets and investments in equity instruments carried at cost) have suffered an impairment loss with reference to their carrying amounts. If any indication of impairment exists, the recoverable amount of such assets is estimated and impairment  is  recognised,  if  the  carrying  amount exceeds the recoverable amount. Recoverable amount  is  higher  of  the  fair  value  less  costs  of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects  current  market  assessments  of  the  time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

## B.7 LEASES

A  contract  is,  or  contains,  a  lease  if  the  contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## The Group as a lessee

The  Group's  lease  asset  classes  primarily  consist of leases for Machineries and buildings. The Group assesses  whether  a  contract  contains  a  lease,  at inception of a contract.  To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Group assesses whether: (i) the contract involves the use of an identified asset (ii) the Group has substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset through-out the period of the lease and  (iii)  the  Group  has  the  right  to  direct  the  use of the asset.

At  the  date  of  commencement  of  the  lease,  the Group  recognizes  a  right-of-use  asset  ('ROU') and  a  corresponding  lease  liability  for  all  lease arrangements  in  which  it  is  a  lessee,  except  for leases with a term of twelve months or less (shortterm leases) and low value leases. For these shortterm  and  low  value  leases,  the  Group  recognizes the lease payments as an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

Certain lease arrangements include the options to extend or terminate the lease before the end of the lease term. ROU assets and lease liabilities include these options when it is reasonably certain that they will be exercised.

The  right-of-use  assets  are  initially  recognized  at cost,  which  comprises  the  initial  amount  of  the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or prior to the commencement date of the lease plus any initial direct costs less any lease incentives. They  are  subsequently  measured  at  cost  less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

Right-of-use assets are depreciated from the commencement date on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and useful life of the underlying asset. Right of use assets are evaluated for  recoverability  whenever  events  or  changes  in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may  not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment  testing,  the  recoverable  amount  (i.e. the higher of the fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-use)  is  determined  on  an  individual  asset basis  unless  the  asset  does  not  generate  cash flows  that  are  largely  independent  of  those  from other assets. In such cases, the recoverable amount is determined for the Cash Generating Unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs.

The lease liability is initially measured at amortized cost  at  the  present  value  of  the  future  lease payments.  The  lease  payments  are  discounted using  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  the  lease  or,  if not  readily  determinable,  using  the  incremental borrowing  rates  of  the  entity.  Lease  liabilities  are remeasured with a corresponding adjustment to the related right of use asset if the entity changes its assessment if whether it will exercise an extension or a termination option.

Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments have been classified as financing cash flows.

## B.8 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments. Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to  the  acquisition  or  issue  of  financial  assets  and financial  liabilities  (other  than  financial  assets  and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on  initial recognition.  Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## Classification of financial assets

The  financial  assets  are  initially  measured  at  fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets are added to the fair value of the financial assets on initial recognition.

## After initial recognition:

- i) Financial  assets  (other  than  investments  and derivative instruments) are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

Effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a debt instrument  and  of  allocating  interest  income over  the  relevant  period. The  effective  interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated

future cash receipts (including all fees paid that form  an  integral  part  of  the  effective  interest rate,  transaction  costs  and  other  premiums  or discounts) through the expected life of the debt instrument,  or,  where  appropriate,  a  shorter period,  to  the  net  carrying  amount  on  initial recognition.

- ii)  Financial assets (i.e. derivative instruments and investments  in  instruments  other  than  equity of  joint  ventures)  are  subsequently  measured at fair value.

Such financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any gains or losses arising on re-measurement recognised in other comprehensive income.

## Investments  in  equity  instruments  other  than joint venture

The  Group  has  valued  the  investments  in  equity instruments other than joint ventures at fair value through  Other  Comprehensive  Income.  Fair  value of  quoted  instrument  has  been  valued  at  market rate and in case of unquoted instrument it has been valued  at  book  value  of  that  Company  based  on Level 2 input.

In respect of investment in equity share capital of group  captive  power  companies  which  are  made to  comply  with  the  provisions  of  Electricity  Rules 2003,  these  investments  are  carried  at  cost  as these investments can be sold back only at par.

## Cash and cash equivalents:

For  the  purpose  of  presentation  in  the  statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash  on  hand,  deposits  held  at  call  with  financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the balance sheet.

## Trade receivables

Trade  receivables  are  initially  recognised  at  fair value. Subsequently,  these  assets  are held at amortised cost net of any expected credit losses. Loss allowance on trade receivables is measured at an amount equal to life time expected losses i.e., expected cash shortfall.

## Impairment of financial assets:

A financial asset is regarded as credit impaired when one  or  more  events  that  may  have  a  detrimental effect on estimated future cash flows of the asset have  occurred.  The  Group  applies  the  expected credit  loss  model  for  recognizing  impairment  loss on  financial  assets  (i.e.  the  shortfall  between  the contractual  cash  flows  that  are  due  and  all  the cash  flows  (discounted)  that  the  Group  expects to receive).

## De-recognition of financial assets:

The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another party. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. On de-recognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the  asset's  carrying  amount  and  the  sum  of  the consideration received and receivable is recognised in the Statement of profit and loss.

The Group has applied the de-recognition requirements  of  financial  assets  prospectively  for transactions occurring on or after April 1, 2015 (the transition date).

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments:

## Classification as debt or equity

Debt and equity instruments issued by the Group are  classified  as  either  financial  liabilities  or  as equity  in  accordance  with  the  substance  of  the contractual  arrangements  and  the  definitions  of  a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a  residual  interest  in  the  assets  of  an  entity  after deducting  all  of  its  liabilities.  Equity  instruments issued are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

Repurchase of the Company's own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company's own equity instruments.

## Financial liabilities

All financial liabilities (other than derivative instruments) are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The  carrying  amounts  of  financial  liabilities  that are subsequently measured at amortised cost are determined based on the effective interest method. Interest expense that is not capitalized as a part of cost of an asset is included in the 'Finance Costs' .

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The  effective  interest  rate  is  the  rate  that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments (including  all  fees  paid  or  received  that  form  an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs  and  other  premiums  or  discounts)  through the expected life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate)  a  shorter  period,  to  the  net  carrying amount on initial recognition.

## De-recognition of financial liabilities

The Group derecognises financial liabilities when,  and  only  when,  the  Group's  obligations are discharged, cancelled or have  expired.  An exchange  with  a  lender  of  debt  instruments  with substantially  different  terms  is  accounted  for  as an  extinguishment  of  the  original  financial  liability and  the  recognition  of  a  new  financial  liability. Similarly,  a  substantial  modification  of  the  terms of an existing financial liability is accounted for as an  extinguishment  of  the  original  financial  liability and the recognition of a new financial liability. The difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

The Group has applied the de-recognition requirements of financial liabilities prospectively for transactions occurring on or after April 1, 2015 (the transition date).

## Derivative financial instruments:

The Group enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to interest rate and  foreign  exchange  rate  risks,  including  foreign exchange  forward  contracts  and  cross  currency interest  rate  swaps.  Further  details  of  derivative financial instruments are disclosed in Note 3.6.

Derivatives  are  initially  recognised  at  fair  value  at the  date  the  derivative  contracts  are  entered  into and are subsequently re-measured to their fair value at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period. The  resulting gain or loss is recognised in Statement of profit or loss immediately unless the derivative is designated and  effective  as  a  hedging  instrument,  in  which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of the hedging relationship and the nature of the hedged item.

## Hedge accounting:

The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments in  respect  of  foreign  currency  risk  as cash flow hedges. Hedges of foreign exchange risk on  firm  commitments  are  accounted  for  as  cash flow hedges.

At  the  inception  of  the  hedge  relationship,  the entity  documents  the  relationship  between  the hedging  instrument  and  the  hedged  item,  along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

Note 3.6b sets out details of the fair values of the derivative instruments used for hedging purposes.

## Cash flow hedges

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of cash flow  hedging  reserve. The  gain  or  loss  relating  to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss, and is included in the 'Other Income' .

Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity  (relating  to  effective  portion  as  described above)  are  reclassified  to  Statement  of  profit  or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit  or  loss,  in  the  same  line  as  the  recognised hedged item. However, when the hedged forecast transaction  results  in  the  recognition  of  a  nonfinancial asset or a non-financial liability, such gains and losses are transferred from equity (but not as a reclassification adjustment) and are included in the initial measurement of the cost of the non-financial asset or non-financial liability.

Any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive

income  and  accumulated  in  equity  at  that  time remains  in  equity  and  is  recognised  when  the forecast transaction is ultimately recognised in profit or  loss. When  a  forecast  transaction  is  no  longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in equity is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or  exercised,  or  when  it  no  longer  qualifies  for hedge accounting.

## B.9 INVENTORIES

The Group determines the cost for items that are not interchangeable or that have been segregated for  specific  contracts  on  an  individual-item  basis as  per  Ind  AS  2,  'Inventories'. The  cost  of  other inventory items used is assigned by using weighted average cost formula.

The  Group  uses  the  same  cost  formula  for  all inventories  of  similar  nature  and  use.  The  cost formula used is applied on a consistent basis from period to period.

Inventories  are  initially  recognized  at  the  lower of  cost  and  net  realisable  value  (NRV).  Cost  of inventories  includes  import  duties,  non-refundable taxes, transport and handling costs and any other directly  attributable  costs,  less  trade  discounts, rebates  and  similar  items.  NRV  is  the  estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the  estimated  costs  of  completion  and  estimated selling expenses.

- i) Raw materials, components, stores and spares of inventory are measured at weighted average cost. Materials and other items held for use in the production of inventories are not written down below cost if the finished products in which they will be incorporated are expected to be sold at or  above  cost.  Work  in  progress  and  finished goods  are  valued  at  cost  or  Net  Realizable Value  whichever  is  lower.  Cost  includes  direct materials, labor and a portion of manufacturing overheads. Saleable scrap is valued at the lowest of the net realizable value in the last two months.
2. ii)  Tools are valued at cost till they are issued for usage  in production  process.  In respect  of issued tools which can be refurbished, the group depending  upon  its  useful  life  amortizes  on  a straight line basis over its useful life. Useful life determined  for  certain  classes  of  tools  is  2-  3 years.  Tools  which  are  not  refurbish-able  are

charged off to Statement of profit and loss upon issue from stores to usage.  The 'tools in use' are carried at Cost less accumulated amortization.

## B.10 PROVISIONS

The Group recognizes a provision when there is a present obligation to transfer economic benefits as a  result  of  past  events,  it  is  probable  (more  likely than  not)  that  such  a  transfer  will  be  required  to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking  into  account  the  risks  and  uncertainties surrounding  the  obligation.  When  a  provision  is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the  present  obligation,  its  carrying  amount  is  the present value of those cash flows (when the effect of the time value of money is material).

When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset  if  it  is  certain  that  reimbursements  will  be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from  past  events  and  whose  existence  will  be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the entity. Contingent assets are  disclosed  in  the  Financial  Statements  by  way of notes to accounts when an inflow of economic benefits is probable.

## A contingent liability is

- (a) a possible obligation that arises from past events and  whose  existence  will  be  confirmed  only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the entity; or
- (b) a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognised because:
- (i) it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; or
- (ii)  the  amount  of  the  obligation  cannot  be measured with sufficient reliability.

Contingent liabilities  are  disclosed  in  the  Financial

Statements  by  way  of  notes  to  accounts,  unless possibility  of  an  outflow  of  resources  embodying economic benefit is remote.

## Provision for Warranty

Provisions for expected cost of warranty obligations are recognized based on Management's best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the obligation  which  takes  into  account  the  empirical data on the nature, frequency and average cost  of  warranty  claims  and  regarding  possible future incidences.

## Provision for Rejection

Provision for rejection on sales is recognised once the  products  are  sold.  Materials  are  rejected  due to various reasons and are either re processed and replaced to the customers depending on the type of rejections. These rejections get fulfilled within a period of 3 months and the provisions represent the value  of  management's  best  estimate  of  possible rejections within the next one quarter.

## B.11 REVENUE RECOGNITION

## Sale of Goods &amp; Rendering of Services

Revenue is recognised when a promise in a customer contract (performance obligation) has been satisfied by  transferring  control  over  the  promised  goods to  the  customer.  Control  over  a  promised  good refers to the ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially  all  of  the  remaining  benefits  from, those  goods.  Control  is  usually  transferred  upon shipment, delivery to, upon receipt of goods by the customer, in accordance with the individual delivery and acceptance terms agreed with the customers. The amount of revenue to be recognized (transaction price) is based on the consideration expected to be received in exchange for goods, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties such as sales tax or other taxes directly linked to sales.

Revenue from rendering of services is recognised over time as and when the customer receives the benefit  of  the  Company's  performance  and  the Company has an enforceable right to payment for services  transferred.  Unbilled  revenue  represents value of services performed in accordance with the contract terms but not billed.

## Other Operating revenues

Other  operating  revenues  comprise  income  from ancillary  activities  incidental  to  the  operations  of the  Group  and  are  recognised  when  the  right  to receive the income is established as per the terms of the contract.

## Dividend and Interest Income

Dividend  income  from  investments  is  recognised when  the  Group's  right  to  receive  payment  has been established (provided that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the amount of income can be measured reliably).

Interest  income  is  accrued  on  a  time  basis,  by reference  to  the  principal  outstanding  and  at  the effective  interest  rate  applicable  (provided  that  it is  probable  that  the  economic  benefits  will  flow to  the  Group  and  the  amount  of  income  can  be measured reliably).

## B.12 BORROWING COST

Since the Group does not have any qualifying assets, capitalisation of borrowing cost is not applicable to the  Group.  All  borrowing  costs  are  recognised  in Statement of profit and loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## B.13 GOVERNMENT GRANT

Government grants (including export incentives) are recognised only when there is reasonable assurance that  the  Group  will  comply  with  the  conditions attaching to them and the grants will be received.

Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.

Import  duty  waivers  for  capital  assets  purchased under  Export  Promotion  Capital  Goods  (EPCG) schemes  are  recorded  as  deferred  revenue  and recognized  in  Statement  of  Profit  and  Loss  on  a systematic  basis  over  the  periods  in  which  the related performance obligations are fulfilled.

## B.14 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

## Defined contribution plans

## Provident fund (PF)

Contribution  towards  PF  is  determined  under  the Employees' Provident Funds &amp; Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 and charged to the Statement of  Profit  and  Loss  during  the  period  of  incurrence when the services are rendered by the employees.

The  Union  Ministry  of  Labour  issued  draft  rules under section 67 of the Code on  Wages Act on July 7 2020 in the Gazette and the Act is yet to be effective

The  three  labour  codes,  the  Occupational  Health, Safety  and  Working  Conditions  Code  2020,  the Industrial  Relations  Code  2020  and  the  Code  on Social  Security  2020  have  been  passed  by  the parliament and have also received the assent of the President of India on September 28, 2020. However, the date on which these Codes will come into effect has not been notified. The Company will assess the impact of these Codes and will record any related impact in the period these Codes become effective.

## Defined benefit plans

## Gratuity

Accounting  for defined benefit plans is  based on  actuarial  assumptions  and  different  valuation methods to measure the balance sheet obligation and the expense.

Where defined benefit plans are funded, the plan assets are measured at fair value. At each balance sheet date, the plan assets and the defined benefit obligations are remeasured. The Statement of Profit &amp; Loss reflects the change in the surplus or deficit, except  for  contributions  made  to  the  plan  and  benefits paid by the plan, along with business combinations and Re-measurement gains and losses.

Re-measurement gains and losses comprise actuarial  gains  and  losses,  return  on  plan  assets (comprise amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability or asset) and any change in the effect of the asset ceiling (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability or asset). Re-measurements are recognized in other comprehensive income.

The  defined  benefit  costs  are  comprised  of  the following individual components:

- Service costs (including current and past service costs  as  well  as  gains/losses  on  curtailments and settlements)
- Net interest costs or income
- Re-measurement

The  Group  presents  the  first  two  components  of defined benefit costs in profit or loss in the line item 'Employee benefits expense'. Curtailment gains and losses are accounted for as past service costs.

Re-measurement  of  net  defined  benefit  liability/

asset  pertaining  to  gratuity  comprises  actuarial gains/  losses  (i.e.  changes  in  the  present  value resulting from experience adjustments and effects of changes in actuarial assumptions) and is reflected immediately in the balance sheet with a charge or credit  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income in the period in which they occur. Re-measurement recognised in other comprehensive income is reflected  immediately  in  retained  earnings  and  is not reclassified to profit or loss.

## Voluntary Retirement Scheme

A liability for termination benefits like expenditure on Voluntary Retirement Scheme is recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of termination benefit or when the Group recognises any related restructuring costs.

## Short-term employee benefits:

A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees in respect of salaries, wages, performance incentives, medical benefits and other short term benefits in the period the related service  is  rendered,  at  the  undiscounted  amount of the benefits expected to be paid in exchange for that service.

## Compensated leave absences:

Compensated  leave  absences  are  encashed  by employees  at  year  end  and  no  carry  forward  of leave  is  permitted  as  per  the  leave  policy.  All leave remaining to be encashed at period end are fully provided.

## B.15 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS

The Group's foreign operations are an integral part of the Company's activities. In preparing the financial statements,  transactions  in  currencies  other  than the entity's functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary  items  denominated in  foreign  currencies  are  retranslated  at  the  rates prevailing  at  that  date.  Non-monetary  items  that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise except for:

- Exchange differences on translation or settlement of  long  term  foreign  currency  monetary  items

in  respect  of  loans  borrowed,  which  are  not hedged,  before  April  1,  2016  at  rates  different from those at which they were initially recorded or reported in the previous financial statements, insofar as it relates to acquisition of depreciable assets,  are  adjusted  to  the  cost  of  the  assets and depreciated over remaining useful life of  such  assets.  Where  the  borrowal  is  after April 1, 2016, such exchange difference is recognised  in  Statement  of  Profit  and  loss.  In other cases, where it has been hedged the same has been restated and adjusted against cash flow hedge of the respective derivative instruments.

- Exchange difference on translation of derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedge (see Note B.8 for hedging accounting policies).

## B.16 FOREIGN OPERATIONS

In  the  Group's Consolidated Financial Statements, all  assets,  liabilities  and  transactions  of  the  Group entities  with  a  functional  currency  other  than  the INR  are  translated  into  INR  upon  consolidation. The  functional  currency  of  Craftsman  Europe  BV is EURO and the functional currency of Craftsman Automation  Singapore  Pte  Limited  is  Singapore Dollar (S$).

On  consolidation,  assets  and  liabilities  have  been translated into INR  at  the  closing rate at the reporting  date.  Income  and  expenses  have  been translated  into  INR  at  the  average  rate  over  the reporting period. Exchange differences are  charged  or  credited  to  other  comprehensive income and recognised in the currency translation reserve in equity. On disposal of a foreign operation, the related cumulative translation differences recognised in equity are re-classified to Statement of Profit and Loss and are recognised as part of the gain or loss on disposal.

## B.17 INCOME TAXES

Income  tax  expense  represents  the  sum  of  the tax currently payable and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they  relate  to  items  that  are  recognised  in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in  which  case,  the  current  and  deferred  tax  are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

## Current Tax

Current  tax  is  determined  on  taxable  profits  for the year chargeable to tax in accordance with the applicable tax rates and the provisions of the Income Tax  Act,  1961  including  other  applicable  tax  laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted.

Minimum Alternate Tax  (MAT)  paid  in  accordance with  the  tax  laws,  which  gives  future  economic benefit,  in  the  form  of  adjustment  to  future  tax liability,  is  considered  as  an  asset  in  the  Balance Sheet. The carrying amount of MAT is reviewed at each reporting date and the asset would be written down to the extent the Group's right of adjustment would lapse.

## Deferred Tax

Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between  the  carrying amounts  of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised  for  all  taxable  temporary  differences. Deferred  tax  assets  are  generally  recognised  for all  deductible  temporary  differences  to  the  extent that it is probable  that  taxable  profits  will  be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  the  temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than  in  a  business  combination)  of  assets  and liabilities  in  a  transaction  that  affects  neither  the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

Deferred tax asset is recognised for the carryforward of unused tax losses and unused tax credits to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax losses and unused tax credits can be utilised.

The  carrying  amount  of  deferred  tax  assets  is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that  sufficient  taxable  profits  will  be  available  to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

The  measurement  of  deferred  tax  liabilities  and assets  reflects  the  tax  consequences  that  would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

## B.18 SEGMENT REPORTING

The Chief Operating Decision Maker  (CODM) evaluates  the  Group's  performance  and  allocates resources based on an analysis of various performance indicators of the reportable segments. The Group's reportable segments have been identified based on end consumption of the products sold or services rendered. The reportable segments are as follows:

- AutomotivePowertrain &amp; Others : This segment develops, manufactures, sells its goods and  services  of  powertrain  &amp;  other  products to  manufacturers  of  commercial  /  passenger vehicles, farm equipment, construction / mining equipment.
- Automotive- Aluminium Products  : This  segment  develops,  manufactures,  sells  its  goods and services consisting of aluminium automotive products to the manufacturers of two wheelers, passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles.
- Industrial &amp; Engineering : This segment develops,  manufactures,  sells  its  goods  and  services such as castings, gears, material handling equipment,  railway  products,  special  purpose machines,  other  general  engineering  products (together broadly termed as 'High End Sub-assembly, Contract Manufacturing &amp; Others') and storage products to various end user industries.

Segment  revenue,  segment  expenses,  segment assets and segment liabilities have been identified to  segments  on  the  basis  of  their  relationship  to the operating activities of the segment and as well as  those  which  can  be  allocated  on  a  reasonable basis. Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting to the CODM of the Group.

## NOTES  TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

for the year ended March 31, 2022

## NOTE No.1.1 PROPERTY, PLANT &amp; EQUIPMENT

| Asset Category  Freehold  land  Building*  Plant &amp;  Machinery  Office  Equipment  Furniture  &amp; Fixtures  Vehicles  Property, Plant &amp;  Equipment Total  Gross Block  At April 1, 2020  7,664  18,292  1,78,478  1,746  522  114  2,06,816  Additions  -  1,178  14,732  42  12  -  15,964  Disposals  -  132  515  1  -  5  653  Translation reserve  -  -  -  1  -  -  1  At March 31, 2021  7,664  19,338  1,92,695  1,788  534  109  2,22,128  Additions  787  3,057  17 ,319  284  13  86  21,546  Disposals  -  -  681  7  29  41  758  Translation reserve  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  At March 31, 2022  8,451  22,395  2,09,333  2,065  518  154  2,42,916  Depreciation  At April 1, 2020  -  3,600  59,016  1,247  189  94  64,146  Additions  -  1,033  15,074  177  53  8  16,345  Disposals  -  132  254  1  -  5  392  Translation reserve  -  -  -  1  -  -  1  At March 31, 2021  -  4,501  73,836  1,424  242  97  80,100  Additions  -  829  17 ,042  154  54  7  18,086  Disposals  -  -  565  7  29  41  642  Translation reserve  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  At March 31, 2022  -  5,330  90,313  1,571  267  63  97,544  At April 1, 2020  7,664  14,692  1,19,462  499  333  20  1,42,670  At March 31, 2021  7,664  14,837  1,18,859  364  292  12  1,42,028  At March 31, 2022  8,451  17,065  1,19,020  494  251  91  1,45,372   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(

H

in Lakhs)

*Includes WDV of improvements on leasehold buildings worth C 438 Lakhs as on  March 31, 2022 (WDV of C 655 Lakhs as on March 31, 2021)

## NOTE No.1.2 CAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS

( H in Lakhs)

| Asset Category  TANGIBLE - CWIP  INTANGIBLE - CWIP  Total Capital Work in Progress  Gross Block  At April 1, 2020  8,882  -  8,882  Additions  2,023  -  2,023  Disposals  7 ,433  -  7 ,433  Translation reserve  -  -  At March 31, 2021  3,472  -  3,472  Additions  4,182  -  4,182  Disposals  3,456  -  3,456  Translation reserve  -  -  At March 31, 2022  4,198  -  4,198  Impairment of CWIP  At April 1, 2020  -  -  -  Additions  274  -  274  Disposals  -  -  -  Translation reserve  -  -  At March 31, 2021  274  -  274  Additions  94  -  94  Disposals  368  -  368  Translation reserve  -  -  At March 31, 2022  -  -  -  At April 1, 2020  8,882  -  8,882  At March 31, 2021  3,198  -  3,198  At March 31, 2022  4,198  -  4,198   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) CWIP ageing schedule As on March 31, 2022

| Particulars  Amount in CWIP for a period of  Total  Less than 1 year  1 - 2 years  2 - 3 years  More than 3 years  Projects in progress  4,198  -  -  -  4,198  Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -  Total  4,198  -  -  -  4,198   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## As on March 31, 2021

| Particulars  Amount in CWIP for a period of  Total  Less than 1 year  1 - 2 years  2 - 3 years  More than 3 years  Projects in progress  2,036  654  97  411  3,198  Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -  Total  2,036  654  97  411  3,198   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(b) For CWIP whose completion is overdue or has exceeded its cost compared to its original plan As on March 31, 2022 NIL

As on March 31, 2021

| Particulars  To be completed in  Total  Less than 1 year  1 - 2 years  2 - 3 years  More than 3 years  Various machines  1,162  -  -  -  1,162  Total  1,162  -  -  -  1,162   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.3 OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

( H in Lakhs)

| Asset Category  Computer Software  Product  Development  Technical know-how  Intangible  Assets Total  Gross Block  At April 1, 2020  2,040  636  430  3,106  Additions  68  -  -  68  Disposals  -  -  -  -  Translation reserve  -  -  -  -  At March 31, 2021  2,108  636  430  3,174  Additions  21  -  -  21  Disposals  -  -  -  -  Translation reserve  -  -  -  -  At March 31, 2022  2,129  636  430  3,195  Depreciation  At April 1, 2020  1,179  636  229  2,044  Additions  280  -  172  452  Disposals  -  -  -  -  Translation reserve  -  -  -  -  At March 31, 2021  1,459  636  401  2,496  Additions  246  -  29  275  Disposals  -  -  -  -  Translation reserve  -  -  -  -  At March 31, 2022  1,705  636  430  2,771  At April 1, 2020  861  -  201  1,062  At March 31, 2021  649  -  29  678  At March 31, 2022  424  -  -  424   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

1. Additions to PPE &amp; CWIP include exchange gain or loss aggregating to C 53 Lakhs for the year 2020-21 ( C 175 Lakhs for the year 2019-20) capitalised under Plant &amp; Machinery

2.   All term loans both Rupee and Foreign Currency are secured by first pari passu charge on fixed assets of the company. Refer Note no. 3.9

## NOTE No. 1.4 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Opening  8,342  10,847  Additions  2,476  573  Depreciation expense  (2,145)  (2,176)  Deletions  (91)  (901)  Closing  8,582  8,343   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Refer note: B.7 &amp; 3.10a for detailed disclosures

## NOTE No. 1.5 INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING EQUITY METHOD

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Investment in Equity of Joint Venture  Carlstahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Ltd ( 30% stake )  600,000 equity shares of  C  10 each fully paid up  60  60  Recognition of opening value of investment in Joint venture  136  119  Share of Current year profits in Joint venture  39  16  Total  235  195   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.6 NON CURRENT INVESTMENTS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Investment in Equity instruments ( at Fair Value through OCI)  Unquoted  MC Machinery Systems India Private Ltd ( 10% stake )  (Formerly known as MC Craftsman Machinery Private Ltd)  2,10,000 equity shares of  C  100 each fully paid up. Sold entirely on 30-Nov-21  -  -  iEnergy wind farm (Theni) Private Ltd #  4550 equity shares of  C  10 each fully paid up  -  -  TAGMA Centre of Excellence and Training  15 equity shares of  C  10 each fully paid up  5  5  Bhatia Coke &amp; Energy Limited  -  -  34,810 equity shares of  C  10 each fully paid up (cost  C  10,999,960)  Hurricane Windfarms Pvt Limited (26% stake)*  4  4  39,000 equity shares of  C  10 each fully paid up  Watsun Infrabuild Private Limited  21  21  209,252 equity shares of  C  10 each fully paid up  Total  30  30   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Note: The company holds 26% equity stake in Hurricane Windfarms Pvt Ltd. As the shareholders agreement entered into with the  promoters of Hurricane Windfarms Pvt Ltd contains restrictive covenants, the company cannot exercise 'Significant influence' in terms of Ind AS 28 and therefore is not classified under 'Investments in Associates' and accordingly is not considered as a component for consolidated financial statements

# amount is below rounding off norms adopted by the Company

| Aggregate amount of quoted investments and market value thereof  -  -  Aggregate amount of unquoted investments including deemed equity  30  30  Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.7 SECURITY DEPOSITS - NON CURRENT

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Rent Deposit  1,356  1,019  Other Deposits  1,158  1,053  Total  2,514  2,072   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.8 OTHER NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Currency swap &amp; IRS Derivative  43  146   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.9 OTHER NON CURRENT ASSETS

(Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Capital Advances  3,169  1,229  Less: Provision for doubtful advances to supplier  (28)  (28)  Total  3,141  1,201   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.10 INVENTORIES

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Raw Materials, Components and Consumables  33,366  17 ,183  Work-in-progress  10,758  7 ,614  Finished goods  2,771  2,771  Consumable Stores  3,919  3,731  Tools in use  2,848  1,960  Machinery Spares  8,185  6,684  Packing Materials  414  349  Stock in transit  380  272  Total  62,641  40,564  Inventory valued at NRV  496  575  Amount written down to arrive at NRV*  311  128   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   These were recognised as an expense during the year and included in changes in value of inventories of WIP in Statement of  Profit and Loss

Provision for slow moving inventory made in the current year is C 485 Lakhs (previous year is C 175 Lakhs)

## NOTE No. 1.11 TRADE RECEIVABLES

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Considered good - Secured  -  -  Considered good - Unsecured  29,621  23,895  Significant increase in Credit Risk  550  607  Credit impaired  184  184  Less: Provision for doubtful debts  (734)  (791)  Total  29,621  23,895   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Receivables from related parties - refer note 3.7

## Movement in Provision for doubtful debt is as follows (including under ECL model):

| Opening  Allowance made  during the year  Write off during  the year  Closing  March 31, 2022  791  (57)  -  734  March 31, 2021  803  187  (199)  791   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  Ageing as on March 31, 2022  a. Less  than 6  Months  b. 6  months - 1  year  c. 1 - 2  years  d. 2 - 3  years  e. More  than 3  years  Grand Total  Undisputed  (i) Considered good  28,617  948  56  -  -  29,621  (ii) significant increase in credit risk  -  -  286  152  101  539  (ii) Credit impaired  -  -  -  -  73  73  Disputed  (iv)Considered good  -  -  -  -  -  -  (v) significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  (vi) Credit impaired  -  -  8  4  110  122  Gross Total  30,355  Less: Provision for doubtful debts  (734)  Total  29,621   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  Ageing as on March 31, 2021  a. Less  than 6  Months  b. 6  months - 1  year  c. 1 - 2  years  d. 2 - 3  years  e. More  than 3  years  Grand Total  Undisputed  (i) Considered good  22,856  879  160  -  -  23,895  (ii) significant increase in credit risk  -  -  341  203  64  608  (ii) Credit impaired  64  9  73  Disputed  (iv) Considered good  -  -  -  -  -  -  (v) significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  (vi) Credit impaired  -  -  -  33  77  110  Gross Total  24,686  Less: Provision for doubtful debts  (791)  Total  23,895   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.12 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  a. Balances with banks  2,936  3,125  b. Cash on hand  7  2  Total  2,943  3,127   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.13 OTHER BANK BALANCES

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Margin money against LC &amp; Guarantee  1,377  1,151  Earmarked balances with banks  27  -  Other Deposits  1  388  Total  1,405  1,539   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.14 SECURITY DEPOSIT-CURRENT

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Security Deposits -Current  335  330   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.15 OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Currency swap, Interest Rate Swaps ('IRS') &amp; Forward cover derivative  812  425  Interest receivable  53  69  Total  865  494   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.16 OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  (Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)  Balances with Government Authorities  702  832  Advance to Suppliers ( Other than Capital Goods )  2,763  5,117  Prepaid Expenses  1,240  1,097  Advance to Employees  98  34  Contract assets - Unbilled Revenue  170  170  Others  156  100  Total  5,129  7,350   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.17 EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at March 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  Nos.  Amount  Nos.  Amount  Authorised  Equity Shares of  C  5 each  4,00,00,000  2,000  4,00,00,000  2,000  Issued, called, subscribed &amp; Paid Up  Equity Shares of  C  5 each  2,11,28,311  1,056  2,11,28,311  1,056  Total  2,11,28,311  1,056  2,11,28,311  1,056   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movement of equity shares is as below

| Particulars  As at March 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  Nos.  Amount  Nos.  Amount  Shares outstanding at the beginning of the year  2,11,28,311  1,056  2,01,21,600  1,006  Additions due to issue of shares  -  -  10,06,711  50  Shares outstanding at the end of the year  2,11,28,311  1,056  2,11,28,311  1,056   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Rights, Preferences and Restrictions to equity shares

The company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of C 5 per share. Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share.

In the event of liquidation of the company, the shareholders will be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the company, in proportion to their shareholding.

## Details of equity shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the company

| Name of the equity shareholder  As at March 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  Nos.  %  Nos.  %  S Ravi  1,05,00,000  49.70%  1,05,00,000  49.70%  S Murali  21,26,260  10.06%  21,26,260  10.06%  Marina III (Singapore) Pte Limited  11,56,808  5.48%  11,56,808  5.48%  Total  1,37 ,83,068  65.24%  1,37 ,83,068  65.24%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Details of Promoter's shareholding in the company

| Name of the equity  shareholder  As at March 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  No. of  Shares held  % of Holding  % Change  No. of  Shares held  % of Holding  % Change  Promoter  S Ravi  1,05,00,000  50%  0%  1,05,00,000  50%  -1%  Promoter Group  Murali S  21,26,260  10%  0%  21,26,260  10%  0%  Chithra Ravi  200  0%  0%  200  0%  0%  Gautham Ram R  200  0%  0%  200  0%  0%  Mirthula R  200  0%  0%  200  0%  0%  Total  1,26,26,860  60%  0%  1,26,26,860  60%  -1%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## For the period of five years immediately preceding the balance sheet date

- i)   Details of number and class of shares allotted as fully paid up pursuant to contract(s) without payment being received in cash
2. -The company has not allotted any shares pursuant to contracts without payment being received in cash

## ii)  Details of number and class of shares allotted as fully paid up by way of bonus shares:

- -Based  on  the  approval  by  the  shareholders  in  the  Extra  ordinary  General  Meeting  held  on December  11,  2017  the  Company  had  allotted  431,177  number  of  fully  paid  Bonus  shares  on December 21, 2017 in the ratio of three equity shares of C 100 each fully paid up for every four existing equity shares of C 100 each fully paid up.

## iii) Details of number and class of shares bought back:

- -The company has not bought back any shares during the period of 5 years immediately preceding the balance sheet date

## Sub-division of shares:

The shareholders of the company at the Extra ordinary General Meeting held on April 30, 2018 approved the subdivision of equity shares of C 100/- each into equity shares having a face value of C 5/- each. Consequently the total number of equity shareholding has changed to 20,121,600 equity shares of face value C 5/- each from that date.

## Initial Public Offering of shares:

The equity shares of the Company have been listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited on March 25, 2021 upon successful completion of the Initial Public Offer ('IPO' or 'the Public Offer'). The IPO involved (a) Fresh Issue of 10,06,711 equity shares and (b) Offer for Sale of 45,21,450 equity shares of face value of C 5 each at an offer price of C 1,490 per share.

## NOTE No. 1.18 OTHER EQUITY

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Reserves &amp; Surplus  Securities Premium  A  28,123  28,308  General Reserves  B  9,662  9,662  Retained Earnings  C  75,136  58,861  Total Reserves &amp; Surplus  1,12,921  96,831  Cash Flow Hedging Reserve  D  (442)  (953)  Equity instruments through Other Comprehensive Income  (321)  (321)  Foreign currency translation reserve  185  194  Share of Networth in JV  175  136  Total  1,12,518  95,887   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Additions and Deductions since the last balance sheet date:

## (i) Securities Premium Account

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Opening balance  28,308  13,795  Premium on fresh issue of shares  -  14,950  Issue expenses adjusted  (185)  (437)  Closing balance  28,123  28,308   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (ii) Retained Earnings

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Opening balance  58,861  49,304  Profit for the year  16,271  9,719  Items of other comprehensive income recognised directly in retained earnings:  - Remeasurements of defined benefit obligation (net of tax)  4  (162)  Dividend  -  -  Closing balance  75,136  58,861   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (iii) Cash Flow Hedging Reserve

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Opening balance  (953)  (1,661)  Changes in fair value of hedging instruments  785  1,088  Deferred Tax  (274)  (380)  Closing Balance  (442)  (953)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (iv) Equity instruments through Other Comprehensive Income

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Opening balance  (321)  (211)  Changes in fair value of FVOCI equity instruments  -  (110)  Closing Balance  (321)  (321)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (v) Foreign currency translation reserve

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Opening balance  194  145  Exchange differences in translating the financial statements of foreign operations  (9)  49  Closing Balance  185  194   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (vi) Share of Networth in JV

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Opening balance  136  119  Share of current year profits in Joint Venture  38  17  Share of other comprehensive income in Joint Venture  1  -  Closing Balance  175  136   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Refer 'Statement of Changes in Equity' for additions/deletions in each of these items

- A.   Securities Premium represents premium received on equity shares issued, which can be utilised only in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2013 for specified purposes.
- B.   General reserve is created from time to time by transferring profits from retained earnings and can be utilised for purposes such as dividend pay-out, bonus issue, etc.
- C.   Retained Earnings includes C 5542 Lakhs of revaluation reserve created due to Land revaluation on transition date to Ind AS (April 01, 2015), which will not be available for distribution of profits
- D.   Cash flow hedge reserve represents the cumulative effective portion of gains or losses arising on changes in fair value of hedging instruments entered into for cash flow hedges.  The cumulative gain or loss arising on changes in fair value of the hedging instruments that are recognised and accumulated in this reserve are reclassified to profit or loss only when the hedged transaction affects the profit or loss.
- E. The  amount  that  can  be  distributed  by  the  Company  as  dividends  to  its  equity  shareholders  is determined considering the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 and the dividend distribution policy of the Company. Thus, the amount reported in General Reserve is not entirely distributable.

In respect of the year ended March 31, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company has proposed a final dividend of C 3.75 per share of face value C 5 each be paid on fully paid equity shares. This equity dividend  is  subject  to  approval  by  shareholders  at  the  Annual  General  Meeting  and  has  not  been included as a liability  in  these  financial  statements. The  proposed  equity  dividend  is  payable  to  all holders of fully paid equity shares. The total estimated equity dividend to be paid is C 792 Lakhs.

## NOTE No. 1.19 LONG TERM BORROWINGS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at March 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  Non Current  Current*  Non Current  Current*  Secured  From Banks  Rupee Term Loans  10,969  5,267  11,528  4,051  Foreign Currency Term Loans  17 ,886  7 ,384  24,509  6,770  28,854  12,652  36,037  10,821  From NBFC  Rupee Term Loans  8,524  2,208  7 ,682  -  Total  37 ,378  14,860  43,719  10,821   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1.  The above long term borrowings are carried at amortised cost.

| March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Loans at amortised cost as at the end of the year  52,238  54,540  Add : Unamortised upfront fee paid as at the end of year  153  236  Gross loan outstanding as at the end of the year  52,391  54,776   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2. Refer note no 3.7 for security and terms of borrowings.

* Taken to short term borrowings ( Note 1.24)

## Net Debt Reconciliation:

For the year ended March 31, 2022

| Particulars  Cash and  cash  equiva-  lents  Instrument  to hedge  the finance  liability**  Current  Borrowing  Non-Current  Borrowing plus  current maturity  of long term debt*  Lease  Liability  Total  Balance as at April 01, 2021  3,127  (732)  (15,821)  (55,152)  (10,244)  (78,822)  Acquisition of RoU asset  -  -  -  -  (2,476)  (2,476)  Pre-closure of leases  -  -  -  -  91  91  Cash Flows  (176)  -  (3,508)  3,406  4,234  3,956  Fair Value changes  -  1,049  -  -  1,049  Foreign exchange adjustments  (8)  -  (1,008)  -  (1,016)  Interest expense &amp; other charges  -  -  (1,918)  (4,322)  (924)  (7 ,164)  Interest &amp; charges paid  -  -  1,908  4,376  924  7 ,208  Balance as at March 31, 2022  2,943  317  (19,339)  (52,700)  (8,395)  (77 ,174)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## For the year ended March 31, 2021

| Particulars  Cash and  cash  equiva-  lents  Instrument  to hedge  the finance  liability**  Current  Borrowing  Non-Current  Borrowing plus  current maturity  of long term debt*  Lease  Liability  Total  Balance as at April 01, 2020  5,976  (539)  (24,488)  (80,350)  (11,576)  (1,10,977)  Acquisition of RoU asset  -  -  -  -  (573)  (573)  Pre-closure of leases  -  -  -  -  901  901  Cash Flows  (2,853)  -  8,359  23,870  1,004  30,380  Fair Value changes  -  (193)  -  -  -  (193)  Foreign exchange adjustments  4  -  254  1,443  -  1,701  Interest expense &amp; other charges  -  -  (2,117)  (7 ,222)  (1,077)  (10,416)  Interest &amp; charges paid  -  -  2,171  7 ,107  1,077  10,355  Balance as at March 31, 2021  3,127  (732)  (15,821)  (55,152)  (10,244)  (78,822)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Includes the portion of 'interest accrued but not due' pertaining to borrowings.

** does not include foreign currency forward contracts that are used for hedging liabilities that are operating cash flows

## NOTE No. 1.20 LEASE LIABILITIES - NON-CURRENT

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Lease Liabilities - Non-current portion  6,685  8,303  Total  6,685  8,303   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Refer Note No B.7 &amp; 3.10

## NOTE No. 1.21 NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES- OTHERS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Currency swap &amp; IRS Derivative  353  902  Rent Advance  2  2  Total  355  904   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. Currency swaps are for principal only and are cash flow hedge and hence are carried at fair value through OCI
2.   IRS &amp; IRC derivatives that are hedge effective are carried at fair value through OCI &amp; others are carried at fair value through Statement of Profit &amp; Loss
3.   Rent advance is carried at amortized cost as it is not material to be fair valued

## NOTE No. 1.22 LONG TERM PROVISIONS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Other Provisions  Provision for Warranty Cost  -  21   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

Movement in Provision for product warranties  is as follows :

| Particulars  Opening  Transferred to  Short Term  Warranty  provided for  current year  Closing  As at March 31, 2022  21  6  -  15  As at March 31, 2021  68  47  -  21   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This provision is recognised once the products are sold. The estimated provision takes into account historical information, frequency and average cost of warranty claims and the estimate regarding possible future incidence of claims. The provision for warranty claims represents the present value of management's best estimate of the future obligations. The outstanding provision for product warranties as at the reporting date is for the balance unexpired period of the respective warranties on the various products which ranges from 2 to 5 years

## NOTE No. 1.23 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (NET)

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Deferred Tax Liabilities  16,437  16,219  Deferred Tax Assets  (2,400)  (2,470)  Deferred Tax Liabilities (net)  14,037  13,749  MAT Credit Entitlement- Unused tax credit  (2,359)  (6,911)  Total  11,678  6,838   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note : Refer Note No 3.3 for detailed deferred tax working and effective tax rate reconciliation

## NOTE No. 1.24 SHORT TERM BORROWINGS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Secured  Loans repayable on demand from banks  Rupee Loans  4,031  1,890  Foreign Currency Loans  3,791  13,924  Sub-total (A)  7,822  15,814  Unsecured  Rupee Loans  11,500  -  Sub-total (B)  11,500  -  Current maturities of long-term debt (C) ( refer note 1.19)  14,860  10,821  Total  (A + B + C)  34,182  26,635   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Short Term Borrowings from banks are secured by a. first pari passu charge on current assets of the company.

b. second pari passu charge on fixed assets of the company.

## NOTE No. 1.25 LEASE LIABILITIES- CURRENT

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Lease Liabilities - Current portion  1,710  1,941  Total  1,710  1,941   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.26 TRADE PAYABLES

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Due to Micro and Small Enterprises  554  1,841  Sub-total (A)  554  1,841  Due to Other Suppliers  43,422  31,883  Accrued Expenses and others  2,280  1,492  Sub-total (B)  45,702  33,375  Total  (A + B)  46,256  35,216   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Payables to related parties - refer note 3.7

| Particulars  Ageing as on March 31, 2022  a. Less than  1 year  b. 1 - 2 years  c. 2 - 3 years  d. More  than 3 years  Grand Total  (i) MSME  554  -  -  -  554  (ii) Others  43,252  113  47  10  43,422  (iii) Disputed dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  (iv) Disputed dues - others  -  -  -  -  -  Gross Total  43,976  Accrued Expenses and others  2,280  Total  46,256   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  Ageing as on March 31, 2021  a. Less than  1 year  b. 1 - 2 years  c. 2 - 3 years  d. More  than 3 years  Grand Total  (i) MSME  1,841  -  -  -  1,841  (ii) Others  31,774  97  7  5  31,883  (iii) Disputed dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  (iv) Disputed dues - others  -  -  -  -  -  Gross Total  33,724  Accrued Expenses and others  1,492  Total  35,216   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.27 OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Interest accrued but not due on borrowings  441  620  Currency swap , IRS &amp; Forward cover derivative  185  400  Creditors for capital goods and services  3,996  1,452  Employee related liabilities  1,674  1,546  Dues to directors  17  9  Liability towards selling shareholders (from IPO proceeds)  16  3,081  Others  1,045  1,495  Total  7,374  8,603   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.28 CURRENT TAX LIABILITIES (NET)

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Income tax provisions less advance payment  690  67   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.29 OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Advance from customers  5,327  3,120  Deferred Revenue- EPCG benefit  -  1,148  Statutory Dues  1,798  1,379  Total  7,125  5,647   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 1.30 SHORT TERM PROVISIONS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Provision for employee benefits  Gratuity  203  148  Other Provisions  Provision for Warranty Cost  158  111  Provision for Rejection  110  94  Total  471  353   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

Movement in Provision for product warranties  is as follows :

| Particulars  Opening  Expired during  the year  Warranty  provided for  current year  Closing  As at March 31, 2022  111  111  158  158  As at March 31, 2021  123  123  111  111   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This provision is recognised once the products are sold. The estimated provision takes into account historical information, frequency and average cost of warranty claims and the estimate regarding possible future incidence of claims. The provision for warranty claims represents the present value of management's best estimate of the future obligations. The outstanding provision for product warranties as at the reporting date is for the balance unexpired period of the respective warranties on the various products which ranges upto one year.

## Movement in Provision for rejection is as follows :

| Particulars  Opening  Expired during  the year  Rejection  provided for  current year  Closing  As at March 31, 2022  94  94  110  110  As at March 31, 2021  60  60  94  94   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This provision is recognised once the products are sold. Materials are rejected due to various reasons and either get re processed and replaced to the customers depending on the type of rejections. These rejections gets fulfilled within a period of 3 months and the provisions represents the present value of management's best estimate of possible rejections within the next one quarter.

## NOTE No. 2.1 REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Sale of products;  Domestic Sales  1,34,604  90,692  Export Sales  15,513  13,201  A.  1,50,117  1,03,893  Sale of services;  Machining Charges  50,919  39,058  Service Charges  686  299  B.  51,605  39,357  Other operating revenues;  Sale of swarf &amp; others  17 ,663  10,376  Duty Drawback  267  207  EPCG income on fulfilling obligation  1,891  1,938  Export Incentive under RoDTEP  159  -  Export Incentive under MEIS  -  224  C.  19,980  12,745  Revenue from operations ( A+B+C )  2,21,702  1,55,995   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Refer Note no: 3.14 'Segment Reporting' for breakup of revenue from operations.

## NOTE No. 2.2 OTHER INCOME

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Interest Income from deposits measured at amortised cost  138  118  Interest Income due to unwinding of fair valued assets  -Rent Advance  95  92  Net gain on sale of assets  141  59  Rental income  28  28  Exchange rate Gain/(Loss) on Transaction &amp; Translation  337  694  Unclaimed balances written back  -  17  Others  1  -  Total  740  1,008   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 2.3 COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Cost of goods sold  1,03,033  66,065  Carriage inward  2,542  719  Sub Contract Charges  974  491  Total  1,06,549  67,275   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 2.4 CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS AND WORK-IN-PROGRESS

(

H

in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Inventory at the end of the year  Work in Progress  10,758  7 ,614  Finished Goods  2,771  2,771  Sub total  13,529  10,385  Inventory at the beginning of the year  Work in Progress  7 ,614  8,626  Finished Goods  2,771  1,137  Sub total  10,385  9,763  ( Increase ) /  decrease  in inventory  (3,144)  (622)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 2.5 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Salaries and wages  14,523  10,990  Contributions to PF &amp;  ESI  489  376  Contribution to Gratuity fund  210  156  Managerial  Remuneration  1,195  1,277  Staff welfare expenses  2,359  1,663  Total  18,776  14,462   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 2.6 DEPRECIATION, AMORTIZATION AND IMPAIRMENT EXPENSE

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Depreciation on Property, Plant &amp; Equipment  18,086  16,150  Amortization of  Intangible Assets ( Software &amp; Dev.Exp.)  274  452  Amortization- Right-of-use Asset  2,145  2,176  Write off (including obsolescence)  368  193  Impairment of Capital Work in Progress  (274)  274  Total  20,599  19,245   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 2.7 OTHER EXPENSES

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Manufacturing Expenses  Stores, Spares &amp; tool consumed  14,077  9,730  Power &amp; Fuel  11,254  8,210  Repairs &amp; Maintenance  - Machinery  6,057  3,224  - Building  419  197  - Others  1,485  662  Payment to contractors  3,702  2,853  Other manufacturing expenses  335  169  A.  37,329  25,045  Administrative Expenses  Professional and Consultancy charges  631  441  Insurance Charges  406  398  Rates &amp; Taxes  136  196  Software Licenses  484  362  General Administrative Expenses  623  499  Printing &amp; Stationary  177  89  Postage &amp; Telegrams  46  26  Rent  140  124  Telephone Expenses  133  135  Travelling Expenses  617  251   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contd..

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Directors'  Sitting Fees  21  21  Remuneration to auditors  Statutory Audit  54  55  Taxation and Certification  10  21  CSR  Expenses  225  154  Amounts written off  Bad debts  -  199  Doubtful advances  -  (4)  Provisions for the year  Doubtful advances  -  3  Warranty  24  (59)  Rejections  17  34  Doubtful debts  (57)  (13)  B.  3,687  2,932  Selling expenses  Packing material consumed  1,944  1,105  Carriage Outward  2,953  1,698  Sales Promotion Expenses  192  276  C.  5,089  3,079  Total   ( A+B+C)  46,105  31,056   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 2.8 FINANCE COSTS

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Interest expenses  On Short Term Borrowings  1,920  2,014  On Long Term Borrowings at Amortised Cost  4,226  7 ,006  Others  110  103  Other Borrowing costs  Unwinding of discounted Upfront fee on loans  96  216  Interest unwind - lease liability  924  1,077  Unwinding of Rent Advance  95  92  Bank charges  330  578  MTM (Gain) / Loss - Derivative - (Net)  (14)  13  Net (gain)/loss on foreign currency transactions and translation  735  (371)  Total  8,422  10,728   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES ANNEXED TO AND FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

## NOTE No. 3.1  The Subsidiaries and Associates considered in the Consolidated Financial Statements:

Following Subsidiaries are considered in the Consolidated Financial Statements:

| S.  No  Name of the Subsidiary  Country of  Incorporation  % of Ownership Interest  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  1  Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte Ltd*  Singapore  -  100%  2  Craftsman Europe B.V  Netherlands  100%  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Note: the Company passed Board Resolution at their meeting held on  August 20, 2019 to wind up the subsidiary in Singapore. The subsidiary was liquidated on June 21, 2021.

## Following Joint Venture is considered in the Consolidated Financial Statements:

| S.  No  Name of the Joint Venture  Country of  Incorporation  % of Ownership Interest  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  1  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private limited  India  30%  30%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No.3.2 Additional Information - Subsidiaries &amp; Joint Ventures:

Additional Information, as required under Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 of entities consolidated as Subsidiaries &amp; Joint Ventures. ( H in Lakhs)

| Name of the entity  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  As a % of  consolidated  Net Assets  Amount  As a % of  consolidated  Net Assets  Amount  Parent Company  Craftsman Automation Limited  100.57%  1,14,220  100.93%  97 ,845  Foreign Subsidiaries  Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte Ltd  0.00%  -  0.00%  -  Craftsman Europe B.V  1.74%  1,975  1.85%  1,790  Sub Total  102.31%  1,16,195  102.78%  99,635  Add/Less: Intragroup eliminations / adjustments  -2.31%  (2,621)  -2.78%  (2,692)  Total  100.00%  1,13,574  100.00%  96,943   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| Name of the entity  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  As a % of  consolidated  Profit or Loss  Amount  As a % of  consolidated  Profit or Loss  Amount  Parent Company  Craftsman Automation Limited  98.38%  16,045  99.38%  9,676  Foreign Subsidiaries  Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte Ltd  -0.19%  (31)  0.00%  -  Craftsman Europe B.V  1.38%  225  -  -  Sub Total  99.57%  16,239  99.38%  9,676  Add/Less: Intragroup eliminations / adjustments  0.43%  70  0.62%  60  Total  100.00%  16,309  100.00%  9,736   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Name of the entity  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  As a % of  consolidated  OCI  Amount  As a % of  consolidated  OCI  Amount  Parent Company  Craftsman Automation Limited  101.56%  515  89.98%  436  Foreign Subsidiaries  Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte Ltd  6.19%  31  -1 .1 1%  (5)  Craftsman Europe B.V  -7 .97%  (40)  11.37%  55  Sub Total  99.78%  506  100.25%  486  Add/Less: Intragroup eliminations / adjustments  0.22%  1  -0.25%  (1)  Total  100.00%  507  100.00%  485   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Name of the entity  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  As a % of  consolidated Total  Comprehensive  Income  Amount  As a % of  consolidated Total  Comprehensive  Income  Amount  Parent Company  Craftsman Automation Limited  98.48%  16,560  98.94%  10,112  Foreign Subsidiaries  Craftsman Automation Singapore Pte Ltd  0.00%  -  -0.05%  (5)  Craftsman Europe B.V  1.10%  185  0.53%  55  Sub Total  99.58%  16,745  99.42%  10,162  Add/Less: Intragroup eliminations / adjustments  0.42%  71  0.58%  59  Total  100.00%  16,816  100.00%  10,221   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 3.3 Income taxes

Income tax expense for the year reconciled to accounting profit

(

H

in Lakhs)

| Year Ended  March 31, 2022  Year Ended  March 31, 2021  Profit before tax  a  25,173  14,876  Income tax rate  b  34.944%  34.944%  Income tax expenses  a*b  8,796  5,198  Effect of  i) EPCG Benefit Capitalisation not considered for Income Tax purpose  (8)  (87)  ii) Effect of expenses inadmissible for tax  122  11  iii) Effect of lower tax income of overseas subsidiaries  (35)  24  iv) Effect of share of profit from JV  (12)  (7)  Income tax expense recognised in Statement of Profit &amp; loss  8,864  5,140   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Movement of deferred tax assets/ liabilities

(

H

in Lakhs)

| Movement during the year ended  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31,  2021  Recognised in  P&amp;L  Recognised in  OCI  MAT  utilisation  As at  March 31,  2022  Depreciation &amp; Amortization  (15,340)  118  -  -  (15,222)  Provision for doubtful debts  274  (20)  -  -  254  Provision for Loans &amp;  Advances and Others  133  (133)  -  -  (0)  Other Temporary Differences  1,184  23  (276)  -  931  MAT Credit Entitlement-  Unused tax credit  6,911  -  -  (4,552)  2,359  (6,838)  (12)  (276)  (4,552)  (11,678)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ( H in Lakhs)  Movement during the year ended  March 31, 2021  As at March  31, 2020  Recognised  in P&amp;L  Recognised  in OCI  MAT  utilisation  As at March  31, 2021  Depreciation &amp; Amortization  (15,375)  35  -  -  (15,340)  Provision for doubtful debts  278  (4)  -  -  274  Provision for Loans &amp; Advances and Others  133  -  -  -  133  Other Temporary Differences  1,251  226  (293)  -  1,184  MAT Credit Entitlement- Unused tax credit  9,858  -  -  (2,947)  6,911  (3,855)  257  (293)  (2,947)  (6,838)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 3.4 Employee Benefits

## Defined Contribution Plan

The employee provident fund is in the nature of Defined contribution plan. The contribution made to the scheme is considered as expense in the statement of Profit and loss when the employee renders the related service.  There is no other obligation other than the contribution payable to employee provident fund.

The total expenses recognised in statement of profit or loss of C 437 Lakhs (2020-21: C 307 Lakhs) represents contribution payable to these plans by the Group at rates specified in the rules of the plan.

## Defined benefit plans

The group extends defined benefit plan in the form of gratuity to employees. The group makes annual contribution to gratuity fund administered by trustees and managed by SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd. The Group's liability is determined based on actuarial valuation done at the year end as per projected unit credit method. The plan provides for a lump-sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death, while in employment or on termination of employment of an amount equivalent to 15 days salary payable for each completed year of service subject to the maximum of C 20 Lakhs. Vesting occurs upon completion of five years of service.

These plans typically expose the Group to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk and salary risk

| Investment risk  For funded plans that rely on insurers for managing the assets, the value of assets  certified by the insurer may not be the fair value of instruments backing the liability. In  such cases, the present value of the assets is independent of the future discount rate.  This can result in wide fluctuations in the net liability or the funded status if there are  significant changes in the discount rate during the inter-valuation period.  Liquidity Risk  Employees  with  high  salaries  and  long  durations  or  those  higher  in  hierarchy,  accumulate significant level of benefits.  If  some  of  such  employees  resign  /  retire  from the group there can be strain on the cash flows.  Market Risk  Market risk is a collective term for risks that are related to the changes and fluctuations  of the financial markets. One actuarial assumption that has a material effect is the  discount  rate. The  discount  rate  reflects  the  time  value  of  money.  An  increase  in  discount  rate  leads  to  decrease  in  Defined  Benefit  Obligation  of  the  plan  benefits  &amp; vice versa. This assumption depends on the yields on the corporate / government  bonds and hence the valuation of liability is exposed to fluctuations in the yields as at  the valuation date.  Legislative Risk  Legislative risk  is  the  risk  of  increase  in  the  plan  liabilities  or  reduction  in  the  plan  assets due to change in the legislation / regulation. The government may amend the  Payment of Gratuity Act thus requiring the companies to pay higher benefits to the  employees. This will directly affect the present value of the Defined Benefit Obligation  and  the  same  will  have  to  be  recognized  immediately  in  the  year  when  any  such  amendment is effective.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The principal assumptions used for the purposes of the actuarial valuations were as follows

| As at Mar 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  Discount rate  7 .48%  7 .02%  Expected rate of salary increase  5.00%  5.00%  Attrition rate  5.00%  5.00%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  estimate  of  future  salary  increase  (which  has  been  set  in  consultation  with  the  group),  take account of inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.

Amounts recognised  in  total  comprehensive  income  in  respect  of  these  defined  benefit  plans  are  as follows: ( H in Lakhs)

| As at Mar 31, 2022  As at Mar 31, 2021  Current Service Cost  204  174  Net interest expense/ (income)  5  (18)  Component of defined benefit cost recognised in P&amp;L  209  156  Remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability comprising:  Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in financial assumptions  (69)  174  Actuarial (Gain)/ Losses due to Experience on DBO  57  81  Actuarial  (Gain)/Loss  arising  from  changes  in  financial  assumptions  due  to  demographic assumption changes in DBO  0  (10)  Return on Plan Assets (Greater) / Less than Discount rate  5  4  Components  of  defined  benefit  costs  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  (6)  249  Total Defined Benefit Cost  203  405   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amount included in the balance sheet arising from the Group's obligation in respect of its defined benefit plans is as follows ( H in Lakhs)

| As at Mar 31, 2022  As at Mar 31, 2021  Present value of defined benefit obligation  1,718  1,580  Fair value of plan assets  1,516  1,432  Net liability arising from defined benefit obligation (funded)  (202)  (148)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation in the current year were as follows:

## ( H in Lakhs)

| Year ended  Mar 31, 2022  Year ended  Mar 31, 2021  Opening defined benefit obligation  1,580  1,419  Current Service Cost  204  174  Interest Cost  105  88  Benefits paid  (158)  (344)  Actuarial (gain)/loss  (12)  244  Closing defined benefit obligation  1,718  1,580   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Movements in fair value of plan assets in the current year were as follows:

## ( H in Lakhs)

| Year ended  Mar 31, 2022  Year ended  Mar 31, 2021  Opening fair value of plan assets  1,432  1,675  Interest income of the assets  100  105  Employer contribution  148  0  Benefits payout  (158)  (344)  Actuarial gain/(loss)  (5)  (4)  Closing fair value of plan assets  1,516  1,432   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## The group funds the cost of the gratuity expected to be earned on a yearly basis to SBI Life Insurance Company Limited, which manages the plan assets.

The actual return on plan assets was C 95 Lakhs (2020-21: C 102 Lakhs)

Significant  actuarial  assumptions  for  the  determination  of  the  defined  obligation  are  discount  rate  and expected salary increase.  The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumption occurring at the end of the reporting year. ( H in Lakhs)

| As at Mar 31, 2022  As at Mar 31, 2021  If the discount rate is 100 basis points higher/lower, the defined benefit  obligation would  •  Decrease by (Mar 22: (8.75%); Mar 21: (8.87%))  (150)  (140)  •  Increase by (Mar 22: 10.19%; Mar 21: 10.37%)  175  164  If the expected salary is 100 basis points higher/lower, the defined benefit  obligation would  •  Increase by (Mar 22: 8.75%; Mar 21: 9.13%)  150  144  •  Decrease by (Mar 22: (7 .90%); Mar 21: (8.15%))  (136)  (129)  If the attrition rate is 100 basis points higher/lower, the defined benefit  obligation would  •  Increase by (Mar 22: 1.71%; Mar 21: 1.36%)  29  21  •  Decrease by (Mar 22: (1.92%); Mar 21: (1.53%))  (33)  (24)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined benefit obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the assumptions may be correlated.

Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of each reporting year, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability recognized in the balance sheet. There was no change in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from previous year.

## Funding arrangements

The group has been fully funding the liability through a trust administered by an insurance company. Regular assessment of the increase in liability is made by the insurance company and contributions are being made to maintain the fund. Subject to credit risk of the insurance company &amp; the asset liability mismatch risk of the investments, the group will be able to meet the past service liability on the valuation date that falls due in the future.

The Company expects to make a contribution of C 232 Lakhs (as at March 31, 2021: C 260 Lakhs) to the defined benefit plans for the next financial year.

Information on the maturity profile of the liabilities:

| March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Weighted average duration of the DBO  12.18 years  13.08 years  D  Lakhs  D  Lakhs  Projected Benefit Obligation  1719  1580  Accumulated Benefits Obligation  1160  1446   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Maturity Profile (Para 147 C of Ind AS 19):

(

H

in Lakhs)

H

(

in Lakhs)

| FUTURE PAYOUTS  Present Value  Year (i)  104  Year (ii)  105  Year (iii)  109  Year (iv)  98  Year (v)  95  Next 5 year pay-outs(6-10yrs)  369  Pay-outs above ten years  840   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 3.5 Earnings per share

| Year Ended March  31, 2022  Year Ended March  31, 2021  D  D  Earnings per share ('EPS')  Basic earnings per share  77 .19  48.32  Diluted earnings per share  77 .19  48.32  Face value per share for EPS  5  5  Basic and diluted earnings per share  D  Lakhs  D  Lakhs  Profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders  16,309  9,736  Nos.  Nos.  Total number of equity shares outstanding at the end of the year  2,11,28,311  2,11,28,311  Weighted average number of equity shares  used in the calculation of basic earnings per share  2,11,28,311  2,01,49,181  after adjustment for effect of dilution  2,11,28,311  2,01,49,181   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company completed its Initial Public Offering (IPO) and listed its shares on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited on March 25, 2021. The IPO involved fresh issues of 10,06,711 equity shares of face value C 5 each.  The 'weighted average number of equity shares' for computation of EPS has been calculated considering above mentioned fresh issue of shares from the date of allotment. (refer note: 1.17 for movement in equity share capital during year)

## NOTE No. 3.6 Financial Instruments:

## 3.6a Capital Management:

The Group manages its capital to ensure that it will be able to continue as going concern while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance.

The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of changes to economic conditions and the strategic objectives of the Group. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, buy back shares and cancel them, or issue new shares. The  Group  finances  its  operations  by  a  combination  of  retained  profit,  bank  borrowings,  disposals  of property assets and leases.

The Group monitors the capital structure on the basis of total debt to equity and maturity profile of the overall debt portfolio of the Group. ( H in Lakhs)

| March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Debt (long-term and short-term borrowings including current maturities)  71,560  70,354  Equity  1,13,574  96,943  Debt Equity Ratio  0.63  0.73   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.6b Financial risk management

In course of its business, the Group is exposed to certain financial risks that could have significant influence on  the  Group's  business  and  operational  /  financial  performance. These  include  market  risk  (including currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

The Board of Directors reviews and approves risk management framework and policies for managing these risks and monitors suitable mitigating actions taken by the management to minimise potential adverse effects and achieve greater predictability to earnings.

In line with the overall risk management framework and policies, the treasury function provides services to the business, monitors and manages through an analysis of the exposures by degree and magnitude of risks.

The Group uses derivative financial instruments to hedge risk exposures in accordance with the Group's policies as approved by the board of directors.

## i. Market Risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, liquidity and other factors that could have an adverse effect on realizable fair values or future cash flows to the Group.  The Group's activities expose it primarily to the financial risks of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates as future specific market changes cannot be normally predicted with reasonable accuracy

## · Foreign currency risk management:

The Group undertakes transactions denominated in foreign currencies and thus it is exposed to exchange rate fluctuations. The Group actively manages its currency rate exposures, arising from transactions entered  and  denominated  in  foreign  currencies,  through  treasury  division  and  uses  derivative instruments such as foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the risks from such exposures.  The use of derivative instruments is subject to limits and regular monitoring by Management. The carrying amounts of the Group's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows.

| Assets  Currency  Amount  in Foreign  currency (Lakhs)  Amount  in  D  (Lakhs)  Amount  in Foreign  currency (Lakhs)  Amount  in  D  (Lakhs)  Receivables  USD  49  3,684  32  2,327  EUR  10  858  8  670  GBP  0  4  0  4  Total Receivables  (A)  4,545  3,001  Hedged by derivative contracts (B)  -  -  -  -  Unhedged receivables (C=A-B)  4,545  3,001   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Liabilities  Currency  Amount  in Foreign  currency (Lakhs)  Amount  in  D  (Lakhs)  Amount  in Foreign  currency (Lakhs)  Amount  in  D  (Lakhs)  Payable (trade &amp; other)  USD  65  4,928  93  6,784  JPY  699  436  313  207  EUR  11  949  0  7  GBP  0  5  0  7  CHF  0  0  0  0  Borrowings (ECB and Others)  USD  371  28,131  596  43,584  EUR  12  1,026  21  1,771  Total Payables (A)  35,475  52,360  Hedges by derivative contracts (B)  USD  199  15,121  271  19,817  Unhedged payables (C=A-B)  20,354  32,543   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Foreign currency sensitivity analysis:

Movement  in  the  functional  currencies  of  the  various  operations  of  the  Group  against  major  foreign currencies may impact the Group's revenues from its operations. Any weakening of the functional currency

may impact the Group's cost of imports and cost of borrowings and consequently may increase the cost of financing the Group's capital expenditures.

The foreign exchange rate sensitivity is calculated for each currency by aggregation of the net foreign exchange rate exposure of a currency and a parallel foreign exchange rates shift in the foreign exchange rates of each currency by 1%, which represents Management's assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates.

The  sensitivity  of  profit  or  loss  to  changes  in  the  exchange  rates  arises  mainly  from  foreign  currency denominated financials instruments. The following table details the Group's sensitivity movement in the unhedged foreign exposure: ( H in Lakhs)

| Currency  1% Strengthening of FC  As at March 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  USD  (143)  (282)  GBP  (0)  (0)  CHF  (0)  (0)  EUR  (11)  (11)  JPY  (4)  (2)  (158)  (295)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A depreciation of foreign currencies would have the opposite effect to the impact in the table above.

The following table details the forward foreign currency contracts outstanding at the end of the reporting period: ( H in Lakhs)

| Cash Flow  Hedges  Foreign Currency  Equivalent value  Fair value of contracts  As at March  31, 2022  As at March  31, 2021  As at March  31, 2022  As at March  31, 2021  As at March  31, 2022  As at March  31, 2021  Sell USD  -  12  -  863  -  844   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

The MTM of the above has been included in the balance sheet under 'Other Current Financial Liability'. [Refer Note 1.27] as on March 31, 2021

## Interest rate risk management:

The Group is exposed to interest rate risk pertaining to funds borrowed at both fixed and floating interest rates. The risk of floating interest rates in foreign currency loans is managed by the Group by the use of interest rate swap contracts. Hedging activities are evaluated regularly to align with interest rate views and defined risk appetite, ensuring the most cost-effective hedging strategies.

## Interest rate sensitivity analysis

The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates at the end of the reporting period. For floating rate liabilities which are unhedged, the analysis is prepared assuming that the amount of the liability as at the end of the reporting period was outstanding for the whole year. An increase or decrease of 50 basis point in rupee interest rates and 25 basis points in USD libor rate is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents Management's assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

A decrease in interest rates would have the opposite effect to the impact in the table above.

| (  H  in Lakhs)  Base Rate  Increase in Base  rate  Effect of Change in interest rates  Outstanding as on  As at March 31,  2022  As at March 31,  2021  As at March 31,  2022  As at March 31,  2021  USD Libor  25 bps  23  24  9,014  9,510  INR Baserate  50 bps  56  86  11,260  17 ,122  79  110  20,275  26,632   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Interest rate on all USD loans are hedged with either IRS or IRC and hence are not exposed to risk due to interest rate fluctuations.

## Foreign currency and interest rate sensitivity analysis for swap contracts:

The Group has taken interest rate swaps ('IRS') to hedge the interest rate risks.  The marked-to-market loss as at March 31, 2022 is C 182 Lakhs (March 31, 2021 loss is C 836 Lakhs). The amount of gain recognised in OCI for the year ended March 31, 2022 is C 640 Lakhs (March 31, 2021 - gain C 642 Lakhs) and the amount of gain recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss for the ineffective portion of cash flow hedge for the year ended March 31, 2022 is C 14 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: loss of C 13 Lakhs).

In addition to the above, the Company has an Interest Rate Collar ('IRC'), to hedge the interest rate risks. The marked-to-market gain as at March 31, 2022 is C 37 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: Loss C 85 Lakhs). The amount of gain recognised in OCI for the year ended March 31, 2022 is C 122 Lakhs (March 31, 2021 Loss C 26 Lakhs).

In case of currency swaps, the effective portion of cash flow hedges, is recognised in OCI in the cash flow hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit and loss. Amounts recognised as OCI are transferred to profit and loss when the hedged transaction affects profit or loss, such as when the hedged financial income or financial expense is recognised or when a forecast sale occurs when the hedged item is the cost of a non-financial asset or non-financial liability, the amounts recognised as  OCI are transferred to the initial  carrying  amount  of  the  non-financial  asset  or  liability. The  mark-tomarket gain as at March 31, 2022 is C 218 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: gain of C 174 Lakhs). The amount of gain recognised in OCI for the year ended March 31, 2022 is C 45 Lakhs ( March 31, 2021: loss of C 426 Lakhs). Also, the effect given to OCI on account of restatement loss of the underlying foreign currency loans for the year ended March 31, 2022 is C 249 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: gain of C 1273 Lakhs).

Further, the Company has call options for principal payments of two of its foreign currency loan which is designated as a cash flow hedge. The marked-to-market gain as at March 31, 2022 is C 243 Lakhs (March 31, 2021: gain of C 28 Lakhs). The amount of gain recognised in OCI for the period year March 31, 2022 is C 215 Lakhs (March 31, 2021 - loss of C 410 Lakhs).

## Credit Risk:

Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counter-party fails to meet its contractual obligations.

## •   Trade receivables:

The  Group  periodically  assesses  the  financial  reliability  of  customers  /  corporates  taking  into  account the financial condition, current economic trends, analysis of historical bad debts and ageing of accounts receivable. These include customers / corporates, which have high credit-ratings assigned by international and domestic credit-rating agencies. Individual risk limits are set accordingly. The Group's trade and other receivables, including loans under customer financing activities, consists of a large number of customers, across geographies.

The  Group  has  used  a  practical  expedient  by  computing  the  expected  credit  loss  allowance  for  trade receivable  based  on  a  provision  matrix. The  provision  matrix  takes  into  account  historical  credit  loss experience and adjusted for forward-looking information.

## Movement in Credit loss allowance

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Balance as at beginning of the year  791  803  Allowance for bad and doubtful debts during the year  (57)  187  Trade receivables written off during the year  -  (199)  Balance as at the end of the year  734  791   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other financial assets:

## a. Bhatia Coke &amp; Energy Limited

Bhatia Coke &amp; Energy Limited is under "Corporate Insolvency resolution process" as per the MCA website. Also,  the  management  of  the  Company  is  taken  over  by  an  insolvency  professional  appointed  by  the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT)

Given  this,  the  Company  has  fair  valued  the  investment  to  NIL  as  at  March  31,  2022.  Fair  value  loss recognised in OCI for the year ended March 31, 2022 is Nil (for the year ended March 31, 2021 is loss of C 110 Lakhs)

None of the group's other cash equivalents, including time deposits with banks, are past due or impaired.

## Movement in Provision for advances:

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Balance as at beginning of the year  28  28  Allowance for doubtful advances made during the year  -  (4)  Advances written off during the year  -  4  Balance as at the end of the year  28  28   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Refer note: 1.10 of the financial statements.

## Liquidity Risk:

Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Group cannot meet its financial obligations.  The objective of liquidity risk  management  is  to  maintain  sufficient  liquidity  and  ensure  that  funds  are  available  for  use  as  per requirements. The Group has obtained fund and non-fund based working capital limits from various banks. The Group invests its surplus funds in bank fixed deposit, which carry minimal mark to market risks.

The table below summarizes the maturity profile remaining contractual maturity period at the balance sheet date for its non-derivative financial liabilities based on the discounted cash flows. ( H in Lakhs)

| As at March 31, 2022  Due within 1 year  Due between  2 and 5 years  Due beyond  5 years  Total Amount  Bank and other borrowings  34,181  36,853  526  71,560  Interest payments on borrowings  3,282  4,169  8  7 ,459  Lease liability  1,710  3,963  2,722  8,395  Trade Payables  46,256  -  -  46,256   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| As at March 31, 2021  Due within 1 year  Due between  2 and 5 years  Due beyond  5 years  Total Amount  Bank and other borrowings  26,635  40,165  3,554  70,354  Interest payments on borrowings  3,870  5,973  126  9,969  Lease liability  1,941  4,709  3,594  10,244  Trade Payables  35,216  -  -  35,216   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  table  below  summarizes  the  maturity  profile  for  its  derivative  financial  liabilities  based  on  the undiscounted contractual net cash inflows and outflows on derivative liabilities that settle on a net basis or gross basis.

( H in Lakhs)

| As at March 31, 2022  Due within  1 year  Due between  2 and 5 years  Due beyond  5 years  Carrying Amount  Currency &amp; Interest  rates- Swaps &amp; Options  627  (310)  -  317  Foreign exchange forwards  -  -  -  -  627  (310)  -  317   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| As at March 31, 2021  Due within  1 year  Due between  2 and 5 years  Due beyond  5 years  Carrying Amount  Currency &amp; Interest rates- Swaps &amp;  Options  37  (757)  -  (720)  Foreign exchange forwards  (12)  -  -  (12)  25  (757)  -  (732)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.6c Categories of Financial assets and liabilities:

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Financial Assets  a. Measured at amortized cost:  Cash and cash equivalents  2,943  3,127  Other bank balances &amp; Interest receivable  1,458  1,608  Trade Receivables  29,621  23,895  Security Deposit  2,849  2,402  b.   Mandatorily maintained at fair value through other comprehensive income  (FVTOCI)  Investments  30  30  Currency swaps &amp; options and IRS &amp; IRC  855  571   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Financial Liabilities  a. Measured at amortized cost:  Borrowings  71,560  70,354  Lease Liability  8,395  10,244  Trade Payables  46,256  35,216  Other Financial Liabilities  7 ,191  8,205  b.   Mandatorily maintained at fair value through other comprehensive income  (FVTOCI)  Currency Swaps &amp; IRS  538  1,288  c. Mandatorily maintained at fair value through  profit or loss (FVTPL)  Others  -  14   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

3.6d Fair value measurements:

## i)   Financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at the end of each reporting period:

The fair  value  of  financial  instruments  as  referred  to  in  note  (A)  above  have  been  classified  into  three categories depending on the inputs used in the valuation technique.  The hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements).

The categories used are as follows:

- Level 1 : Quoted Price for identical instruments in an active market
- Level 2 : Directly or indirectly observable market inputs, Other than level 1 inputs and
- Level 3 : Inputs which are not based on observable market data

For assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as at balance sheet date., the classification of fair value calculation by category is summarized below:

## As at March 31, 2022

(

H

in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Asset at fair value  Investments measured at  i) fair value through OCI  -  -  30  30  ii) fair value through P&amp;L  -  -  -  -  Derivative Instruments measured at  i) fair value through OCI  -  855  -  855  ii) fair value through P&amp;L  -  -  -  -  Liabilities at fair value  Derivative Instruments measured at  i) fair value through OCI  -  538  -  538  ii) fair value through P&amp;L  -  -  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## As at March 31, 2021

(

H

in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Asset at fair value  Investments measured at  i) fair value through OCI  -  -  30  30  ii) fair value through P&amp;L  -  -  -  -  Derivative Instruments measured at  i) fair value through OCI  -  571  -  571  ii) fair value through P&amp;L  -  -  -  -  Liabilities at fair value  Derivative Instruments measured at  i) fair value through OCI  -  1,288  -  1,288  ii) fair value through P&amp;L  -  14  -  14   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Calculation of Fair Values:

The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair values are consistent with those used.

## Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at Balance Sheet date:

- The fair values of investment in quoted investment in equity shares is based on the current bid price of respective investment as at the Balance Sheet date.
- The fair values of the derivative financial instruments have been determined using valuation techniques with market observable inputs. The models incorporate various inputs including the credit quality of counter-parties and foreign exchange forward rates.

## NOTE No. 3.7 Related party disclosure

## a) Related parties

Joint Ventures

Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited

## Company with common directors

MC  Machinery  Systems  India  Private  Limited  (Formerly  known  as  MC  Craftsman  Machinery Private Limited) till November 30, 2021

## Key Management Personnel

| Mr. SRINIVASAN RAVI, Chairman and Managing Director  Mr. RAVI GAUTHAMRAM, Whole Time Director  Mr. CHANDRASHEKAR BHIDE, Independent Director  Mr. CHANDRAMOHAN NATARAJAN, Whole Time Director (till July 10 2020)  Mr. SUNDARARAMAN KALYANARAMAN, Independent Director  Mr.  UDAI  DHAWAN,  Nominee  Director  till  June  20,  2021  &amp;  Non-Executive  Non-Independent  Director from June 21, 2021 till March 19, 2022)  Mr. KALLAKURICHI KANNIAH BALU, Independent Director (till May 23, 2020)  Mrs. VIJAYA SAMPATH, Independent Director  Mr. TAMRAPARNI SRINIVASAN VENKATA RAJAGOPAL, Additional Director (from March 19, 2022)  Mr. C.B.CHANDRASEKAR, Chief Financial Officer  Mr. THIYAGARAJ DAMODHARASWAMY, Chief Operating Officer  Mr. SHAINSHAD ADUVANNI, Company Secretary   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Related Party Transactions - Summary:

(

H

in Lakhs)

| Transactions during the year ended  Joint Ventures  Common director  company  Key Management  Personnel  Mar-22  Mar-21  Mar-22  Mar-21  Mar-22  Mar-21  Purchase of Goods &amp; Services  243  113  37  68  -  -  Sale of Goods &amp; Services#  3,102  1,676  -  -  -  -  Sales Commission expenses#  3  -  -  -  -  -  Reimbursement of Expenditure from  -  4  3  3  -  Remuneration to key management personnel  -  -  -  -  644  584  Commission  -  -  -  -  740  844  Sitting Fee  -  -  -  -  21  21  Rental Income  2  2  17  26  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(

H

in Lakhs)

| Balances as at the end of  Joint Ventures  Common director  company  Key Management  Personnel  Mar-22  Mar-21  Mar-22  Mar-21  Mar-22  Mar-21  Trade Receivables  723  164  -  -  -  -  Trade Payables  6  2  -  25  -  -  Remuneration payable  -  -  -  17  9  Rent advance received  -  -  -  2  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## c) Significant Related party transactions:

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Year ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  Purchase of Goods &amp; Services  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited  243  113  MC Machinery Systems India Private Limited  37  68  Sale of Goods &amp; Services  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited  3,102  1,676  MC Machinery Systems India Private Limited#  -  -  Sales Commission Paid  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited#  3  -  Reimbursement of Expenditure from  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited#  -  4  MC Machinery Systems India Private Limited  3  3  Remuneration to key management personnel  Executive Directors  457  435  Chief Financial Officer  91  72  Chief Operating Officer  71  61  Company Secretary  25  17  Commission  Executive Directors  715  814  Non-Executive Directors  25  30  Sitting Fee  Non-Executive Directors  21  21  Rent Income  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Pvt Ltd  2  2  MC Machinery Systems India Private Limited  17  26   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## d) Balances of Related Parties:

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Year ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  Trade Receivable  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited  723  164  MC Machinery Systems India Private Limited  -  -  Trade Payable  Carl Stahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited  6  2  MC Machinery Systems India Private Limited  -  25  Rent advance received  MC Machinery Systems India Private Limited  -  2  Remuneration payable  Mr. S Ravi  17  9   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# amount is below rounding off norms adopted by the Company.

## NOTE No. 3.8 Contingent Liabilities and Contingent assets

## a) Contingent Liabilities

Contingent  liabilities  are  disclosed  when  there  is  a  possible  obligation  arising  from  past  events,  the existence of which will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group or a present obligation that arises from past events where it is either not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation or a reliable estimate of the amount cannot be made.

( H in Lakhs)

| Contingent Liabilities  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  a.Claims against the company not acknowledged as debt  Excise  7  7  VAT  50  62  Service tax  67  67  GST  16  43  Income tax  1,821  1,821  Stamp duty  56  56  b.Sales Bills discounted  2,217  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Commitments

Commitment on Capital Account not provided as on March 31, 2022: C 20,570 Lakhs; March 31, 2021: C 10,260 Lakhs.

## NOTE No. 3.9 Non-Current Borrowings:

( H in Lakhs)

| As at March 31, 2022  Particulars of Repayment  As at March 31, 2021  Non-  Current  Current  Maturity  Total  Installments  Amount/Inst  Non-  Current  Current  Maturity  Total  ECB-4  237  237  474  Quarterly  USD 0.63/8 , 0.93/8,  1.57/8  534  304  838  ECB-11  909  1,212  2,121  Quarterly  USD 4.00/ 20  2,046  1,168  3,214  ECB-12  -  1,030  1,030  Quarterly  INR  0.5/  2,  1 .0/  4.  2.18/ 15, 2.3/ 1  994  978  1,972  ECB-13  13,940  3,464  17 ,404  Half-yearly  USD 11.54 / 13  16,789  2,494  19,283  ECB-14  2,458  754  3,212  Quarterly  USD 2.50/ 20  3,098  543  3,641  FCTL -1  128  255  383  Quarterly  EUR 0.76 / 16  392  260  652  FCTL -2  214  428  642  Quarterly  EUR 1.28 / 15  657  -  657  FCNRB-2  -  -  -  Quarterly  USD 3.33/ 15  -  1,022  1,022  TL -1  2,207  1,289  3,496  Quarterly  INR 208.33/ 24  3,701  -  3,701  TL -4  -  -  -  Quarterly  INR 41.87/ 24  375  249  624  TL -8  -  298  298  Quarterly  INR 160.00/ 20  297  -  297  TL -13  990  703  1,693  Quarterly  INR 66.87 / 20  1,862  938  2,800  TL -14  1,497  995  2,492  Quarterly  INR 250.00/ 20  2,493  992  3,485  TL -15  299  -  299  Quarterly  INR 250.00/ 16  892  -  892  TL -18  3,275  1,874  5,149  Quarterly  INR 156.25 / 48  5,611  1,871  7 ,482  TL -19  2,993  745  3,738  Quarterly  INR 250.00/ 16  3,982  -  3,982  TL -20  3,324  174  3,498  Quarterly  INR 175.00 / 20  -  -  -  TL -21  4,907  1,400  6,308  Quarterly  INR 350.88 / 20  -  -  -  Total  37,379  14,859  52,238  43,719  10,821  54,540   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The balances mentioned above are at amortised cost: Refer note 1.20

All term loans, both Rupee and Foreign Currency are secured by first pari passu charge on fixed assets of the company. Also, a second pari passu charge on current assets of the company are created for all term loans except for loan from Kotak Mahindra Bank.

## NOTE No. 3.10 Leases:

## 3.10a Group as lessee

Following are the changes in the carrying value of right of use assets for the year ended March 31, 2022:

Note: The Group has elected not to assess any reduction in lease payments during the nine months period ended December 31, 2020 as lease modification in accordance with MCA notification G.S.R. 463E  dated July 24, 2020 on Ind AS 116 'Leases'.

## ( C In Lakhs)

| Particulars  Machinery  Land &amp; Buildings  Total  Balance as at April 1, 2021  811  7 ,532  8,343  Additions  -  2,476  2,476  Amortization/ expense  (496)  (1,649)  (2,145)  Deletion  -  (91)  (91)  Balance as of March 31, 2022  315  8,268  8,582   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  Machinery  Land &amp; Buildings  Total  Balance as at April 1, 2020  1,307  9,540  10,847  Additions  -  573  573  Amortization/ expense  (496)  (1,680)  (2,176)  Deletion  -  (901)  (901)  Balance as of March 31, 2021  811  7,532  8,343   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  aggregate  depreciation  expense  on  ROU  assets  is  included  under  depreciation  and  amortization expense in the statement of Profit and Loss.

The following is the break-up of current and non-current lease liabilities:

| Particulars  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Current lease liabilities  1,710  1,941  Non-current lease liabilities  6,685  8,303  Total  8,394  10,244   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following is the movement in lease liabilities during the year:

| Particulars  Amount in  D  Lakhs  Balance as at  April 1, 2021  10,244  Additions  2476  Finance cost accrued during the year  924  Deletion  (91)  Payment of lease liabilities  (5,159)  Balance as of March 31, 2022  8,394   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  Amount in  D  Lakhs  Balance as at April 1, 2020  11,576  Additions  573  Finance cost accrued during the year  1,077  Deletion  (901)  Payment of lease liabilities  (2,081)  Balance as of 31 March, 2021  10,244   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  table below  provides  details regarding the contractual maturities of lease liabilities  on  an undiscounted basis:

| Particulars  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Less than one year  2,460  2,887  One to five years  5,839  7 ,010  More than five years  3,154  4,347  Total  11,453  14,244   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities as the current assets are sufficient to meet the obligations related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due.

Rental expense recorded for short-term leases was C 140 Lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2022. (March 31, 2020: C 124 Lakhs)

Total cash outflow for leases including short-term was C 5,298 Lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2022. (March 31, 2021: C 2,205 Lakhs).

Note: The Company has elected not to assess any reduction in lease payments during the year ended March 31, 2021 as lease modification in accordance with MCA notification G.S.R. 463E  dated  July 24, 2020 on Ind AS 116 'Leases'.

## 3.10b Group as lessor

Group has provided a portion of its building on operating lease to MC Machinery Systems India Private Limited &amp; Carlstahl Craftsman Enterprises Private Limited for a period of 3 years.

| Non-Cancellable Operating lease commitment  As at March 31,  2022  As at March 31,  2021  Not later than 1 year  28  19  Later than 1 year but not later than 5 years  15  2  Later than 5 years  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE  No.  3.11 The  information  required  to  be  disclosed  under  the  Micro,  Small  and  Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 ( C In Lakhs)

| As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  The principal amount due to Micro and Small Suppliers under this Act  554  1,841  Interest accrued and due to suppliers on the above amount  5  8  Interest paid to suppliers under this Act ( Section 16)  Nil  Nil  Interest due and payable for the delay (for payment during the year beyond due date)  Nil  Nil  Payment made to suppliers (other than interest) beyond the appointed date, during  the year  Nil  Nil  Interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of year to suppliers under this Act  5  8  Interest due and payable to suppliers under this Act for payment already made  Nil  Nil   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The information has been given in respect of Vendors to the extent they could be identified as 'Micro and Small Enterprises' on the basis of information available with the company.

## NOTE No. 3.12 Offer Expenses for the IPO:

The equity  shares  of  the  Company  were  listed  on  BSE  Limited  and  National  Stock  Exchange  of  India Limited on March 25, 2021 upon successful completion of the Initial Public Offer ('IPO' or 'the Public Offer'). Owing to pandemic situation, there have been delays in receipt of invoices in relation to services availed for IPO.  These expenses are allocated between the selling shareholders and the Company wherein the Company's portion is adjusted against the securities premium reserve. Based on the invoices received and estimates by the management, the total issue expenses for IPO has been crystallised at C 3838 Lakhs (including GST). Out of the total expenses, share of Selling shareholders of C 3104 Lakhs (including GST) has

been adjusted against their proceeds and the Company has adjusted C 622 Lakhs (excluding GST) against securities premium ( C 185 Lakhs during the year ended March 31, 2022 and C 437 Lakhs during the year ended March 31, 2021).

## NOTE No. 3.13 CSR Expenditure:

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Year Ended  March 31, 2022  Year Ended  March 31, 2021  (a)   Gross amount required to be spent by the company during the year as per section  135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule VII  224  154  (b) Amount spent during the year  225  52  (c) Amount transferred to CSR on-going projects subsequently  NA  102   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  In Cash  Yet to be paid  in cash  Total  (i) Construction / acquisition of any asset  111  -  111  (ii) On purposes other than (i) above  114  -  114   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| Particulars  Year Ended  March 31, 2022  Year Ended  March 31, 2021  (i)   amount required to be spent by the company during the  year  224  154  (ii) amount of expenditure incurred  225  52  (iii) shortfall at the end of the year  Nil  102  (iv) total of previous years shortfall  Nil  Nil  (v) reason for shortfall  Not Applicable  Delay in project due to  lockdowns induced by  COVID-19 pandemic. The  unspent amount has been  transferred to separate bank  account.  (vi) nature of CSR activities  1.   Promotion of Health care/  Eradicating hunger  1.   Promotion of Health care/  Eradicating hunger  2. Promotion of education  2. Promotion of education  3.   Environment  sustainability  3. Environment sustainability  4. Safety &amp; Welfare  4. Safety &amp; Welfare  (vii)   details  of  related  party  transactions,  e.g.,  contribution  to a trust controlled by the company in relation to CSR  expenditure as per relevant Accounting Standard,  Nil  Nil  viii)   where  a  provision  is  made  with  respect  to  a  liability  incurred  by  entering  into  a  contractual  obligation,  the  movements  in  the  provision  during  the  year  shall  be  shown separately.  Nil  Nil   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE No. 3.14 Segment Reporting:

a. Segment disclosure

( H in Lakhs)

| Segment Revenue  Year Ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31 2021  Automotive- Powertrain &amp; Others  1,15,435  81,127  Automotive- Aluminium Products  44,049  32,975  Industrial &amp; Engineering  62,218  41,893  Total Revenue as per Statement of Profit and Loss  2,21,702  1,55,995   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| Segment Profit or Loss  Year Ended  March 31, 2022  Year ended  March 31, 2021  Automotive - Powertrain &amp; Others  30,374  22,064  Automotive - Aluminium Products  954  253  Industrial &amp; Engineering  6,923  7 ,952  Total Segments  38,251  30,269  Less: Unallocable Expenditure  (5,434)  (5,690)  Add: Other Income  778  1,025  Earnings Before Interest, Exceptional Item &amp; Tax  33,595  25,604  Less: Finance Costs  (8,422)  (10,728)  Profit before  T ax  25,173  14,876   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| Segment Assets  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Automotive - Powertrain &amp; Others  1,12,333  98,036  Automotive - Aluminium Products  68,966  55,765  Industrial &amp; Engineering  68,692  59,261  Total Segments  2,49,991  2,13,062  Unallocable Assets  17 ,487  22,128  Total Assets as per Balance Sheet  2,67 ,478  2,35,190   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

( H in Lakhs)

| Segment Liabilities  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Automotive - Powertrain &amp; Others  60,938  52,017  Automotive - Aluminium Products  34,220  29,689  Industrial &amp; Engineering  31,028  27 ,695  Total Segments  1,26,186  1,09,401  Unallocable Liabilities  27 ,718  28,846  Total Liabilities as per Balance Sheet  1,53,904  1,38,247   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| (  H  in Lakhs)  Geographical Information  As at  March 31, 2022  As at  March 31, 2021  Revenue from operations  India  2,02,254  1,39,205  Outside India  19,448  16,790  Total Revenue  2,21,702  1,55,995   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b. Disclosure about major customers

Revenue from customers individually contributing more than 10% of total revenue of the Company across all the segments, amounts to C 68,098 Lakhs ( C 48,505 Lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2021) of the total revenue of the Company across all the segments.

## NOTE No. 3.15 Ratio Analysis

| Ratios  FY 21-22  FY 20-21  % Variance  (a) Current Ratio  1 .03  0.99  5%  (b) Debt-Equity Ratio  0.63  0.73  -14%  (c) Debt Service Coverage Ratio*  1 .70  1 .32  28%  (d) Return on Equity Ratio  15%  11%  33%  (e) Inventory turnover ratio  4.30  4.33  -1%  (f)  T rade Receivables turnover ratio  8.28  7 .21  15%  (g)  T rade payables turnover ratio  3.53  2.72  30%  (h) Net capital turnover ratio **  6  6  -1%  (i) Net profit ratio  7 .3%  6.2%  17%  (j) Return on Capital employed  20%  16%  20%  (k) Return on investment  #  NA  NA  NA   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

* Excluding repayment made out of IPO funds

** Net working capital does not include short term borrowings

#  Investments are made only for production and product related. Hence ROI is not applicable

| Ratios  Formula (Numerator/Denominator)  Remarks for 25% change  (a) Current Ratio  Current Assets / Current Liabilities  NA  (b) Debt-Equity Ratio  Total Debt/Shareholder's Equity  NA  (c) Debt Service Coverage Ratio*  Earnings available for debt service /  Debt Service  Debt service = Interest &amp; Lease  Payments + Principal Repayments  Higher profits  (d) Return on Equity Ratio  Net Profits after taxes/Average  Shareholder's Equity  Higher profits  (e) Inventory turnover ratio  Sales/ Average Inventory  NA  (f)  T rade Receivables turnover ratio  Sales / Average Accounts Receivable  NA  (g)  T rade payables turnover ratio  Purchases / Trade Payables  Improved sales volumes &amp; realisation  (h) Net capital turnover ratio **S  Net Sales/Working Capital  NA  (i) Net profit ratio  Net Profit/ Net Sales  NA  (j) Return on Capital employed  Earnings before interest and taxes/  Capital Employed  Capital employed = Total Assets-  Current Liabilities  NA  (k) Return on investment #   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 3.16. a) No  proceedings  have  been  initiated  on  or  are  pending  against  the  Company  for  holding benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules made thereunder
- b) The Company has not been declared as a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any government authority
- c) As  per  the  information  available  with  the  Company,  the  Company  has  no  transactions  with the  companies  struck  off  under  section  248  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  or  section  560  of Companies Act, 1956
- d) There has been no charges or satisfaction yet to  be  registered  with  ROC  beyond  the  statutory  period
- e) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Intermediary shall
- 1) directly  or  indirectly  lend  or  invest  in  other  persons  or  entities  identified  in  any  manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate beneficiaries)
- 2) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries. Company has  not  received  any  fund  from  any  person(s)  or  entity(ies),  including  foreign  entities (Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the company shall
- i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
- ii) provided any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
- f) The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or  Virtual Currency during the financial year ended March 31, 2022.
- 3.17 Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.

| For  SHARP &amp; TANNAN  Chartered Accountants  Firm Registration No. 003792S  V.  Viswanathan  Partner  Membership No. 215565  Place :  Coimbatore  Date :  May 9, 2022  For and on behalf of  the Board  R.Gauthamram  S.Ravi  Whole Time Director  Chairman and Managing Director  DIN : 06789004  DIN : 01257716  Shainshad Aduvanni  C. B. Chandrasekar  Company Secretary M.No.A27895  Chief Financial Officer  Place :  Coimbatore  Date :  May 9, 2022   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes: Notes:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Craftsman Automation Limited Craftsman Automation Limited Coimbatore 641018, Tamil Nadu, India

1078 Avanashi Road, 4th Floor Senthil Towers Coimbatore 641018, Tamil Nadu, India Ph.No :91-422 71615000, 6739101 Fax :91-422 71615056 CIN :L28991TZ1986PLC001816 1078 Avanashi Road, IVth Floor Senthel Towers Ph. No. :+91-422 7165000 Fax :+91-422 7165056 CIN : L28991TZ1986PLC001816