## StarGlory Holdings Company Limited

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) Stock Code: 8213

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE 'STOCK EXCHANGE')

GEM  has  been  positioned  as  a  market  designed  to  accommodate  small  and  mid-sized  companies  to which  a  higher  investment  risk  may  be  attached  than  other  companies  listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange. Prospective investors should be aware of the potential risks of investing in such companies and should make the decision to invest only after due and careful consideration.

Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies, there is a risk that securities traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market volatility than securities traded on the Main Board and no assurance is given that there will be a liquid market in the securities traded on GEM.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for the contents of this report, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.

This  report,  for  which  the  directors  (the  ' Directors ')  of  StarGlory  Holdings  Company  Limited  (the  ' Company ') collectively and individually accept full responsibility, includes particulars given in compliance with the Rules Governing the  Listing  of  Securities  on  GEM  of  the  Stock  Exchange  (the  ' GEM  Listing  Rules ')  for  the  purpose  of  giving information with regard to the Company. The Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that to the best of their knowledge and belief the information contained in this report is accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement herein or this report misleading.

## Contents

| PAGE  Corporate Information  3  Chairman's Statement  4  Corporate Governance Report  7  Environmental, Social and Governance Report  21  Management Discussion and Analysis  40  Directors and Senior Management  53  Directors' Report  57  Independent Auditor's Report  66  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss  72  Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  73  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  74  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  76  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  77  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  79  Financial Summary  149   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Huang Chao (Chairman) Mr. Wu Xiaowen

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael Mr. Zeng Shiquan Mr. Yang Haiyu

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. Lam Kit Yan FCPA

## COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Mr. Huang Chao

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael (Chairman) Mr. Zeng Shiquan Mr. Yang Haiyu

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Yang Haiyu (Chairman)

Mr. Huang Chao

Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Huang Chao (Chairman)

Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael

Mr. Zeng Shiquan

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE

Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael (Chairman) Mr. Huang Chao

Mr. Zeng Shiquan

## AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr. Huang Chao Ms. Lam Kit Yan FCPA

## PRINCIPAL BANKER

The Bank of East Asia Limited

## Corporate Information

## AUDITOR

PKF Hong Kong Limited Certified Public Accountants 26th Floor, Citicorp Centre 18 Whitfield Road Causeway Bay, Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Suntera (Cayman) Limited Suite 3204, Unit 2A, Block 3, Building D, P.O. Box 1586, Gardenia Court, Camana Bay Grand Cayman, KY1-1100, Cayman Islands

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East, Wanchai Hong Kong

## REGISTERED OFFICE

PO Box 309 Ugland House Grand Cayman KY1-1104

Cayman Islands

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

6th Floor Southland Building 48 Connaught Road Central Central

Hong Kong

## COMPANY'S WEBSITE ADDRESS

www.stargloryhcl.com

## GEM STOCK CODE

8213

## Chairman's Statement

Dear shareholders,

On behalf of  the  board  of  directors  (the  ' Board ')  of  StarGlory  Holdings  Company  Limited  (the  ' Company '),  I  am pleased  to  present  the  audited  annual  results  of  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  the ' Group ' or ' StarGlory ') for the year ended 31 March 2022 (the ' Reporting Period ').

The  global  economy  remained  affected  by  the  Novel  Coronavirus  (' COVID-19 '  or  ' the  pandemic ')  over  the  last financial  year,  despite  the  fact  that  increased  vaccination  rates  and  government  fiscal  stimulus  boosted  economic activities  globally.  Highly  transmissible  COVID-19  variants  such  as  Omicron  swept  the  world,  especially  toward  the end of 2021, creating a major barrier to a full economic recovery and a rebound in consumer sentiment. Meanwhile, a  'new  normal'  mode  of  living  has  emerged,  characterized  by  working  from  home,  an  upsurge  in  e-commerce activities, and increased use of online food-ordering platforms.

The  mass-market  food  and  beverage  sector  in  Hong  Kong  and  mainland  China  was  negatively  impacted  by  a resurgence of the pandemic during the Reporting Period. In Hong Kong, the industry began to regain momentum as  the  local  pandemic  situation  stabilized  following  the  first  quarter  of  the  Reporting  Period  amid  timely  stimulus measures  delivered  by  the  government.  Business  sentiment  in  the  food  and  beverage  sector  improved  and employers' conduciveness to hiring also showed signs of recovery. During the fourth quarter of 2021, when Hong Kong was hit by the fifth wave of the pandemic, the food and beverage industry was upended by more restrictive social  distancing  measures,  shorter  operating  hours,  and  temporary  restaurant  closures.  These  abrupt  shifts  in the  operating  environment  left  many  restaurant  operators  scrambling  to  serve  customers  effectively  using  online channels.

The Group is committed to offering customers a diverse range of cuisines and dedicated dining experiences, and continued  to  optimize  its  multi-brand  network  in  mainland  China  and  Hong  Kong,  including  Italian  Tomato  and Ginza  Bairin  (' 銀座梅林 ')  during  the  Reporting  Period.  To  accelerate  our  business  development  and  enhance  our competitive edge, we strategically adjusted our operations in Hong Kong with launches of new promotions and offers, and  collaborated  with  various  third-party  food-ordering  platforms  and  other  business  partners  to  drive  additional local  spending  amid  the  introduction  of  the  government's  Consumption  Voucher  Scheme.  In  addition  to  offering our customers comforting, safe and pleasant dining experiences, we also captured growing demand from them for takeaway and online food ordering by expanding our takeaway and food delivery services, with the aim of fostering our  online-to-offline  business  while  capturing  increased  market  share  and  protecting  profitability  during  challenging times.

Italian Tomato, the Group's main restaurant, cafØ and cake shop brand, achieved a satisfactory performance, thanks to the Group's swift response to changes in the market environment. During the Reporting Period, the Group adhered to pragmatic strategies, designing and rolling out seasonal and festive products with special offers, and redoubling its  marketing, promotion and events efforts. Thanks to these efforts, we are proud that Italian Tomato has become one of the best recognized cake shop brands in Hong Kong, enabling the Group to build business resilience as the brand remains the key contributor to its revenue. In light of these promising results and significant market potential, the Group will seek fresh opportunities to strategically expand its cake shop business.

## Chairman's Statement

The  resurgence  of  COVID-19  required  the  reimposition  of  lockdowns  and  social  distancing  measures,  prolonging difficulties in the Group's operating markets. As part of the Group's response, it intends to further diversify operational risk by tapping into the healthcare market, with a particular focus on oral hygiene.

Following its acquisition of a 70% stake in Huayin (Shenzhen) Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (' Huayin Biotechnology '), the Group has capitalized on its technological expertise and development, advancing its oral care product development and  strategic  business  direction.  In  January  2022,  Huayin  Biotechnology  entered  into  an  investment  cooperation agreement  with  two  other  industry  leaders  to  deepen  its  engagement  in  the  development  and  sale  of  oral  care products.  One  of  the  industry-leading  enterprises  will  contribute  multi-physical  activation  and  nano-fermentation extraction technology (' the Technology ')  used in manufacturing oral and dental anti-inflammatory products, which will  enable  the  Group's  toothpaste  products  to  stand  out  from  their  peers  in  the  market.  The  Group  has  already established  an  entire  production  process  alongside  online  marketing  channels  to  promote  the  launch  of  these products.  A  strategic  cooperation  agreement  has  also  been  struck  with  a  local  television  broadcaster  to  jointly promote the products.

Given the economic damage and fuel inflation caused by conflicts in Europe, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) predicts that the global economic growth will be moderate in 2022.

Despite the significant challenges that emerged during the Reporting Period, there have been signs of improvement following  the  stabilization  of  the  pandemic's  fifth  wave.  Mass  vaccinations  and  bringing  COVID-19  under  greater control  have  created  opportunities  for  the  reopening  of  food  and  beverage  businesses  in  Hong  Kong,  and  it  is expected that more consumers will return to dining outlets, bars and cafØs, leading to a revitalization of the industry. The  Group  will  continue  to  leverage  its  expertise  and  competitive  advantages  in  the  food  and  beverage  sector, providing  dedicated  dining  experiences  and  services  that  are  responsive  to  the  latest  developments  in  market demand and consumer trends. These efforts will include the ongoing development of membership schemes through enhancements to its mobile app to provide dedicated, convenient online-to-offline services to customers. At the same time, the Group will maintain its focus on ensuring comfort, food safety and hygiene in its restaurants and cake shop businesses in order to retain customer confidence.

In order to diversify operational risk and foster the sustainable development of our business, the Group will accelerate its  activity  in  the  increasingly  promising oral care market. To capture opportunities in the market and further tap its potential  in  mainland  China,  the  Group  has  commenced  production  of  oral  hygiene  products  since  April  2022.The Group has plans to dedicate more resources to brand building and marketing to boost market share and improve brand recognition.

With  regard  to  the  e-cigarette  business,  against  the  backdrop  of  more  restrictive  regulatory  measures,  the development of the segment has been slower than expected. The Group intends to adopt a 'wait and see' approach, and  remains  cautiously  optimistic  about  the  potential  of  the  domestic  e-cigarette  market.  We  will  continue  to  tap market potential as opportunities arise.

## Chairman's Statement

## APPRECIATION

I wish to take this opportunity to express my deepest gratitude to our shareholders and customers for their continued support,  as  well  as  to  the  management  team  and  the  entire  workforce  of  StarGlory  for  their  dedication  and  hard work in developing the Group's business over the past financial year. StarGlory will remain committed to fortifying its business foundations, while at the same time boosting its competitiveness and business resilience, to secure greater long-term value for its stakeholders.

## Huang Chao

Chairman

Hong Kong, 24 June 2022

## Corporate Governance Report

The Company is firmly committed to maintaining and ensuring a high level of corporate governance standards and will review and improve the corporate governance practices and standards constantly. The Board has reviewed the Group's corporate governance practices and is satisfied that the Company has complied with the Code Provisions under the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 15 to the GEM Listing Rules (the ' CG Code ') throughout the Reporting Period.

## DIRECTORS' SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

Throughout  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Company  adopted  a  code  of  conduct  regarding  Directors'  securities transactions on terms no less exacting than the required standard of dealings set out in Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules. Having made specific enquiries of all Directors, the Company confirms that all of the Company's Directors  have  complied  with  such  required  standard  of  dealings  and  its  code  of  conduct  regarding  Directors' securities transactions.

## THE BOARD

## Board of Directors

The Board currently consists of five members including two executive Directors, namely Mr. Huang Chao and Mr. Wu Xiaowen, and three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael, Mr. Yang Haiyu and Mr. Zeng Shiquan. Save as disclosed in the section headed 'Directors and Senior Management' on pages 53 to 56 of this annual report, there is no other relationship between the Board members/substantial shareholders.

The  Company  complied  at  all  times  during  the  Reporting  Period  with  the  requirements  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules relating  to  the  appointment  of  at  least  three  independent  non-executive  Directors  and  has  arranged  appropriate insurance cover for the Directors.

Mr.  Chan  Yee  Ping  Michael,  being  an  independent  non-executive  Director,  possesses  the  appropriate  professional qualifications  or  accounting  or  related  financial  management  expertise  as  required  under  Rule  5.05(2)  of  the  GEM Listing  Rules.  All  independent  non-executive  Directors  bring  their  wealth  of  experience  to  the  Board  and  serve the  important  function  of  advising  the  management  on  strategy  development  to  ensure  that  the  Board  maintains high  standards  in  financial  and  other  mandatory  reporting  as  well  as  providing  adequate  checks  for  safeguarding the  interests  of  the  shareholders  and  the  Company  as  a  whole.  None  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors has any business or financial interests with the Group and all independent non-executive Directors confirmed their independence to the Group as at 31 March 2022 in accordance with Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## Corporate Governance Report

## THE BOARD (cont'd)

## Board of Directors (cont'd)

Code Provision A.4.2 stipulates that all directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy should be subject to election by shareholders at the first  general  meeting  after  their  appointment,  and  every  director,  including  those  appointed  for a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Despite that, pursuant to  the  articles  of  association  of  the  Company,  at  every  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company,  one-third  of  the Directors shall retire from office by rotation, provided that the chairman of the Board and/or the managing director of  the  Company shall not, while holding such office, be subject to retirement by rotation or be taken into account in determining the number of Directors to retire in each year. Mr. Huang Chao being the chairman of the Board (the ' Chairman '), is subject to retirement by rotation. As such, the Board considers that sufficient measures have been taken to serve the purpose of Code Provision A.4.2 under the CG Code.

## Executive Directors

The executive Directors are responsible for running the Group and executing the strategies adopted by the Board. They lead the Group's management team in accordance with the directions set by the Board and are responsible for ensuring that a proper internal control system is in place and that the Group's business conforms with the applicable laws and regulations.

## Independent non-executive Directors

Independent  non-executive  Directors  serve  an  important  function  of  advising  the  management  on  strategic development and ensure that the Board maintains high standards in financial and other mandatory reporting as well as providing adequate checks and balances for safeguarding the interests of the shareholders and the Company as a whole.

Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael being an independent non-executive Director who was appointed on 8 November 2016 has signed a letter for renewal of appointment for a term of one year ending on 7 November 2022 with the Company, unless terminated earlier by either side by giving the other not less than one month's prior written notice and subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the Company's annual general meetings in accordance with the articles of association of the Company.

Mr. Zeng Shiquan being an independent non-executive Director of the Company who was appointed on 28 March 2018  has  signed  a  letter  for  renewal  of  appointment  for  a  term  of  one  year  ending  on  27  March  2023  with  the Company, unless terminated earlier by either side by giving the other not less than one month's prior written notice and subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the Company's annual general meetings in accordance with the articles of association of the Company.

## THE BOARD (cont'd)

## Independent non-executive Directors (cont'd)

Mr. Yang Haiyu being an independent non-executive Director of the Company who was appointed on 11 December 2020 has signed a letter for renewal of appointment for a term of one year ending on 10 December 2022 with the Company, unless terminated earlier by either side by giving the other not less than one month's prior written notice and subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the Company's annual general meetings in accordance with the articles of association of the Company.

The commencement dates of the appointment for each of the independent non-executive Directors are as follows:

| Independent non-executive Directors  Commencement Date  Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael  Initially appointed on 8 November 2016  Mr. Zeng Shiquan  Initially appointed on 28 March 2018  Mr. Yang Haiyu  Initially appointed on 11 December 2020   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Code Provision A.2.1 stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separated and should not be performed by the same individual. The responsibilities between the chairman and the chief executive officer should be clearly established and set out in writing. The chairman's responsibility is to manage the Board while the chief executive officer is to manage the business of the Group.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  Mr.  Huang  Chao  was  the  Chairman  of  the  Board  responsible  for  managing  the Board,  providing  leadership  for  the  Board  and  ensuring  good  corporate  governance  practices  and  procedures are  established,  while  Mr.  Wu  Xiaowen  focused  on  the  daily  management  of  the  businesses  of  the  Group,  and implemented such objectives, policies, strategies and business plans as approved and instructed by the Board. The roles of the Chairman and chief executive were segregated and were not exercised by the same individual during the Reporting Period. As such, the Board considers that sufficient measures have been taken to serve the purpose of Code Provision A.2.1 under the CG Code.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company had established an Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rules 5.28 and 5.29 of the GEM Listing Rules. The Audit Committee comprised three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael, Mr. Zeng Shiquan and Mr. Yang Haiyu. Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael currently serves as the chairman of the Audit Committee and he possesses the appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise as required under Rule 5.05(2) of the GEM Listing Rules.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## AUDIT COMMITTEE (cont'd)

A total of four Audit Committee meetings were held during the Reporting Period to review and discuss the annual, quarterly  and  interim  results  and  financial  statements  of  the  Group  respectively.  The  adequacy  of  the  Company's policies  and  procedures  regarding  financial  reporting,  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  were  also discussed.  Additional  meetings  may  also  be  held  by  the  Audit  Committee  from  time  to  time  to  discuss  special projects or other issues that the Audit Committee considers necessary. The external auditor of the Group may request a meeting with the Audit Committee if they consider it necessary.

The authorities of the Audit Committee include (1) investigation of any activity within its terms of reference; (2) seeking any  information  it  requires  from  any  employee;  and  (3)  obtaining  outside  legal  or  other  independent  professional advice if it considers necessary.

The main duties of the Audit Committee include but not limited to the followings:

- To consider the selection and appointment of the external auditor, the audit fee, and any question concerning the resignation or dismissal of the external auditor;
- To discuss with the external auditor the nature and scope of the audit;
- To  review  and  monitor  the  external  auditor's  independence  and  the  objectivity  and  the  effectiveness  of  the audit process in accordance with applicable standards;
- To develop and implement policy on the engagement of external auditors to supply non-audit services;
- To  review  the  Group's  quarterly,  interim  and  annual  financial  statements  and  results  respectively  before submitting to the Board;
- To  discuss  any  problems  and  reservations  arising  from  the  final  audits  and  any  matters  that  the  external auditor may wish to discuss;
- To review the Group's statement on risk management and internal control systems prior to its endorsement by the Board;
- To consider the major findings of any internal investigation and the management's response;
- To consider other topics, as determined by the Board; and
- To  review  arrangements  that  employees  of  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  can  use,  in  confidence,  to raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, risk management, internal control or other matters.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE (cont'd)

Throughout  the  year  under  review,  the  Audit  Committee  discharged  its  responsibilities,  reviewed  and  discussed the financial results, risk management and the internal control systems of the Group. As regards external auditor's remuneration, audit service was provided by the Group's external auditor during the year under review.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION

The Company has established the Corporate Governance Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Code Provision D.3.1 under Appendix 15 of the GEM Listing Rules. Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael currently serves as  the  chairman  of  the  Corporate  Governance  Committee  of  the  Company  and  Mr.  Huang  Chao  and  Mr.  Zeng Shiquan have been appointed as members of the Corporate Governance Committee.

The main duties of the Corporate Governance Committee are as follows:

- To develop and review the Company's policies and practices in corporate governance;
- To review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and the senior management;
- To  review  and  monitor  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  compliance  with  legal  and  regulatory requirements;
- To  develop,  review  and  monitor  the  code  of  conduct  applicable  to  the  Directors  and  the  employees  of  the Group;
- To review the Company's compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report as required under the GEM Listing Rules;
- To direct and supervise the investigation into any matter brought to the committee's attention within the scope of its duties;
- To review annually and recommend to the Board changes as necessary to the terms of reference of the Board and its committees; and
- To make any other recommendations to the Board as it deems appropriate on any area within its scope of duties where action or improvement is needed.

During the Reporting Period, the Corporate Governance Committee held one meeting to discuss the above.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## DIRECTORS' ATTENDANCE AT BOARD MEETINGS, COMMITTEE MEETINGS AND GENERAL MEETINGS

Set out below are the attendance records of all the Directors at the Company's board meetings, board committee meetings and general meetings held during the Reporting Period:

| No. of meetings attended/No. of meetings held  Board  Meetings  Audit  Committee  Meetings  Nomination  Committee  Meetings  Remuneration  Committee  Meetings  Corporate  Governance  Committee  Meetings  General  Meetings  Executive Directors  Mr. Huang Chao (Chairman)  8/8  N/A  1/1  1/1  1/1  2/2  Mr. Wu Xiaowen  8/8  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  2/2  Independent non-executive Directors  Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael  8/8  4/4  1/1  1/1  1/1  2/2  Mr. Zeng Shiquan  8/8  4/4  1/1  N/A  1/1  2/2  Mr. Yang Haiyu  8/8  4/4  N/A  1/1  N/A  2/2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Pursuant to the Code Provision A.6.5 under Appendix 15 of the GEM Listing Rules, all Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

The  Company  is  committed  to  arranging  suitable  training  for  all  Directors  for  their  continuous  professional development. Newly appointed Directors will receive guidelines and reference materials to enable them to familiarize themselves with the Group's business operations and the Board's policies. Directors are briefed and updated from time to time to ensure that he/she is fully aware of his/her responsibilities under the GEM Listing Rules and applicable legal and regulatory requirements and the governance policies of the Group.

Reading materials on relevant topics will be issued to Directors where appropriate. All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training courses. The Company has provided training and reading materials on regulatory updates to the Directors for their references and studies.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  all  Directors  have  participated  in  continuous  professional  development  by  attending training courses or watching training broadcasts arranged by the Company with emphasis on the roles, functions and duties of a director of a listed company and reading relevant materials on topics related to corporate governance and regulatory matters.

## Corporate Governance Report

## CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT (cont'd)

A summary of training received by the Directors during the Reporting Period:

| Board members  Type of training  Executive Directors  Mr. Huang Chao (Chairman)  A, B, C  Mr. Wu Xiaowen  A, B, C  Independent non-executive Directors  Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael  A, B, C  Mr. Zeng Shiquan  A, B, C  Mr. Yang Haiyu  A, B, C   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A: attending training courses

B: watching training broadcasts

- C: reading materials relating to the economy, general business, corporate governance and directors' duties and responsibilities

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Company has established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Code Provision B.1.2 under Appendix 15 of the GEM Listing Rules. Mr. Yang Haiyu, an independent non-executive Director, currently serves as the chairman of the Remuneration Committee of the Company and Mr. Huang Chao, an executive Director, and Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael, an independent non-executive Director, have been appointed as members of the Remuneration Committee.

Pursuant to Code Provision B.1.2(c) under Appendix 15 of the GEM Listing Rules, the Company has adopted the model code in which the Remuneration Committee will make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Director and senior management. The principal responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee include but not limited to the followings:

- To make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Director(s) and senior management;
- To  evaluate  the  performance  of  all  Directors  and  senior  management  and  make  recommendations  to  the Board on the Company's policy and structure for all Directors and senior management remuneration and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy;

## Corporate Governance Report

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (cont'd)

- To  review  and  approve  the  management's  remuneration  proposals  with  reference  to  the  Board's  corporate goals and objectives;
- To review annually the appropriateness and relevance of the remuneration policy;
- To administer the Company's share option schemes as they apply to Directors and/or senior management; and
- To make recommendations to the Board as it deems appropriate on any area within its scope of duties where action or improvement is needed.

The emoluments of the executive Directors and senior management are decided by the Remuneration Committee, having regard to the Group's operating results, individual performance and comparable market statistics. No Director is  involved  in  deciding  his  own  remuneration.  Details  of  the  Directors'  emoluments  are  set  out  in  note  7  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management

Details of the remuneration by band of the members of the Board and senior management of the Company, whose biographical details are set out in the section headed 'Directors and Senior Management' on pages 53 to 56 of this annual report, for the Reporting Period are set out below:

| Remuneration band(s)  Number of  individuals  Nil - HK$1,000,000  5  HK$1,000,001 - HK$1,500,000  2   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Meetings  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  shall  be  held  at  least  once  a  year.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  one meeting was held to review and discuss the remuneration and appointment of the Directors and senior management.

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Company has established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Code Provision  A.5.2  under  Appendix  15  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules.  Mr.  Huang  Chao,  an  executive  Director,  has  been appointed as the chairman of the Nomination Committee. The members of the Nomination Committee comprise two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael and Mr. Zeng Shiquan.

The principal responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include but not limited to the followings:

- To  review  the  structure,  size  and  composition  (including  but  not  limited  to  skills,  knowledge,  gender,  age, culture, educational background, professional experience and diversity of perspectives) of the Board at least annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company's corporate strategy;
- To  identify  individuals  suitably  qualified  to  become  Directors  and  select  or  make  recommendations  to  the Board in this regard;
- To assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors having regard to the requirements under the GEM Listing Rules;
- To ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates is involved in approving his/her or any of his associates' nomination;
- To  make  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  appointment  or  re-appointment  of  the  Directors  and succession planning for Directors, in particular the chairman of the Board and chief executive of the Company;
- To make recommendations to the Board as it deems appropriate on any area within its scope of duties where action or improvement is needed;
- To  develop  and  maintain  a  policy  for  the  nomination  of  board  members  which  includes  the  nomination procedures  and  the  process  and  criteria  adopted  by  the  Committee  to  identify,  select  and  recommend candidates for directorship during the year, and to review periodically and disclose in the Company's corporate governance report the policy and the progress made towards achieving the objectives set in the policy. The committee should ensure that the selection process is transparent and fair, and that it considers a broad range of candidates who are outside the Board's circle of contacts and in accordance with the Company's diversity policy; and
- To develop and maintain a policy concerning the diversity of board members and to review periodically and disclose the policy on diversity or a summary of the policy in the Company's corporate governance report.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE (cont'd)

## Board Diversity Policy

Pursuant  to  the  CG  Code,  the  Board  has  adopted  a  board  diversity  policy  since  August  2013.  The  Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board, and regards increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in maintaining a competitive advantage. All appointments of the members of the Board are made on merit  and  candidates  will  be  considered  against  objective  criteria,  having  due  regard  for  the  benefits  of diversity on the Board.

The  Nomination  Committee  will  discuss  annually  to  achieve  diversity  from  a  number  of  aspects,  including  but  not limited  to  gender,  age,  cultural  and  educational  background,  ethnicity,  professional  experience,  skills,  knowledge and length of service. The Nomination Committee will review the board diversity policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.

The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board that are relevant to the Company's business growth. The Board currently consists of five members and all of them are male. In recognizing the particular importance of gender diversity, the Company will appoint at least one female director by no later than 31 December 2024.

During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held one meeting to review the structure, size, composition, diversity of the Board and nomination of director. It also reviewed the re-election of the Directors by rotation, as well as the independence of the independent non-executive Directors.

## AUDITOR'S REMUNERATION

The analysis of the auditor's remuneration for the Reporting Period is presented as follows:

| Fee amount  HK$'000  Audit services  651  Non-audit services  8  659   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FINANCIAL REPORTING

The Board is responsible for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of annual, quarterly and interim reports and other disclosures required under the GEM Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the Reporting Period.  Statements  of  Directors'  responsibilities  for  preparing  the  financial  statements  and  the  external  auditor's reporting responsibilities are set out in the Independent Auditor's Report as contained in this annual report.

The  Company's  external  auditor,  without  qualifying  their  opinion,  draws  the  users'  attention  to  note  2(d)  to  the consolidated financial  statements  indicating  the  existence  of  a  material  uncertainty  that  may  cast  significant  doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. Please refer to the paragraph headed 'Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern' in the section headed 'Independent Auditor's Report' on page 67 of this annual report. The Directors,  taking  into  account  of  the  factors  set  out  in  note  2(d)  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  are satisfied that the Group will have sufficient financial resources to meet its financial obligations as they fall due in the foreseeable future and consider that it is appropriate for the consolidated financial statements to be prepared on a going concern basis.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. Lam Kit Yan was appointed as the company secretary of the Company and one of its authorized representatives on 8 November 2016. She has duly complied with the relevant professional training requirements of the GEM Listing Rules during the year under review. The biographical details of Ms. Lam Kit Yan are set out on page 56 of this annual report.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for maintaining sound and effective risk management and internal control systems  to  safeguard  the  interests  of  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  and  the  Group's  assets.  The  Board  also acknowledges its responsibility for overseeing the Group's risk management, financial reporting, and internal control systems on an ongoing basis and reviewing their effectiveness at least annually through the Audit Committee. These systems are designed to provide reasonable, though not absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss and to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives.

The  Audit  Committee  assists  the  Board  in  fulfilling  its  oversight  and  corporate  governance  roles  in  the  Group's financial,  operational,  compliance  mechanisms  and  risk  management  functions,  and  the  resourcing  of  the  finance and  internal  audit  functions.  Appropriate  controls  have  been  designed  and  established  to  ensure  that  assets  are safeguarded  against  improper  use  or  disposal,  relevant  rules  and  regulations  are  adhered  to  and  complied  with, reliable  financial  and  accounting  records  are  maintained  in  accordance  with  relevant  accounting  standards  and regulatory  reporting  requirements,  and  key  risks  that  may  impact  on  the  Group's  performance  are  appropriately identified and managed. During the Reporting Period, the Company has engaged an external consultant to perform a review of the effectiveness of the Group's risk management and internal control systems for the Group.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (cont'd)

The Group's risk management process starts with identifying the major risks associated with its business, market, and industry in the ordinary course of business. The Group adopts a control and risk self-assessment methodology and assesses and manages its risk profile on a regular basis. This is a continuous process of identifying, evaluating, prioritizing,  managing,  and  monitoring  of  the  risks  that  the  Group  faces.  The  risks  are  categorized  into  strategic risks,  operational  risks,  financial  risks,  and  compliance  risks.  Depending  on  the  likelihood  and  potential  impacts  of the relevant risks exposed to the Group, the management prioritizes the risks and either takes immediate mitigating actions,  devises  a  contingency  plan,  or  conducts  periodic  reviews  in  accordance  with  the  contingency  plan.  All operating  departments  are  responsible  for  identifying  and  analysing  the  risks  associated  with  their  respective functions, preparing risk mitigation plans and reporting the status of respective risk factors to the senior management and  the  Audit  Committee.  The  external  consultant  is  responsible  for  coordinating  and  advising  on  matters  in relation  to  risk  management  of  the  Group,  while  the  Audit  Committee  and  ultimately  the  Board  will  supervise  the implementation of the Group's risk management procedures and measures.

Regarding the review of internal controls, a risk-based approach is adopted by the external consultant. The threeyear internal audit plan is subject to review annually, and it covers the major activities and processes of the Group's businesses.  The  internal  control  reviews  included  making  enquiries  with  the  appropriate  management  and  the  key process  owners,  performing  tests  of  controls  to  identify  control  deficiencies,  and  making  recommendations  for improving and strengthening the internal control system. The reviews covered all material controls including financial, operational  and  compliance  controls.  The  review  findings  are  communicated  to  the  senior  management  and  the Audit Committee of the Group. Internal control issues are tracked, followed up for proper implementation, and their progress  are  reported  to  the  senior  management  and  the  Audit  Committee  of  the  Group.  Based  on  the  internal control reviews conducted during the Reporting Period, no significant areas of concern have been identified.

The  Board,  through  the  Audit  Committee,  had  conducted  an  annual  review  of  the  effectiveness  of  the  Group's risk  management and internal control systems for the Reporting Period and the Board considered the systems to be  effective  and  adequate.  The  Board  also  reviewed  and  was  satisfied  with  the  adequacy  of  the  resources,  staff qualifications  and  experience,  and  training  programs,  on  the  Group's  accounting,  financial  reporting,  and  internal audit functions.

## WORKFORCE DIVERSITY POLICY

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group  had  a  total  of  198  full-time  employees  and  128  part-time  employees,  among which 97 are male and 229 are female. The Group considers the workforce to be diverse in respect of the aforesaid evaluation  criteria.  The  Group  has  decided  not  to  set  any  measurable  objectives  for  implementing  the  workforce diversity policy. The Group will continue to ensure that diversity is taken into consideration when assessing workforce composition.

## Corporate Governance Report

## PROCEDURE AND INTERNAL CONTROLS FOR THE HANDLING AND DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION

The Group complies with the requirements of Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (' SFO ') and the GEM Listing Rules. The Group discloses inside information to the public as soon as reasonably practicable unless the information falls within any of the Safe Harbours as provided in the SFO. Before the information is fully disclosed to the public, the Group ensures that the information is kept strictly confidential. If the Group believes that  the  necessary  degree  of  confidentiality  cannot  be  maintained  or  that  confidentiality  may  have  been  breached, the  Group  would  immediately  disclose  the  information  to  the  public.  The  Group  is  committed  to  ensuring  that information contained in announcements is not false or misleading as to a material fact, or false or misleading through the omission of a material fact in view of presenting information in a clear and balanced way, which requires equal disclosure of both positive and negative facts.

## DIRECTORS INSURANCE

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of the legal action against the Directors.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

## Convening an extraordinary general meeting

Pursuant to Article 58 of the articles of association of the Company, any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition and sending to the Company's head office and principal place of business in Hong Kong (details of which are set out in the section headed 'Corporate Information' on page 3 of this annual report) to the Board or the secretary of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition;  and  such  meeting  shall  be  held  within  two  months  after  the  deposit  of  such  requisition.  If  within twenty-one days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requested shareholder(s) (' Requested  Shareholders ')  himself  (themselves)  may  do  so  in  the  same  manner,  and  all  reasonable  expenses incurred by the Requested Shareholders as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the Requested Shareholders by the Company.

## Enquiries to the Board

Shareholders may at any time make a request in writing with his/her/its detailed contact information and send it to the Company's head office and principal place of business in Hong Kong (details of which are set out in the section headed  'Corporate  Information'  on  page  3  of  this  annual  report)  for  the  Company's  information,  to  the  extent such information is publicly  available  to  the  company  secretary  of  the  Company  who  is  responsible  for  forwarding communications relating to matters within the Board and ordinary business matters, such as suggestions, inquiries and customer complaints, to the Board.

## Corporate Governance Report

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS (cont'd)

## Putting forward proposals at a general meeting

Shareholders are welcome to put forward proposals relating to the operations and management of the Group to be discussed at shareholders' meetings. The proposals shall be sent to the company secretary of the Company by a written requisition with his/her/its detailed contact information to the Company's head office and principal place of business in Hong Kong (details of which are set out in the section headed 'Corporate Information' on page 3 of this annual report). Shareholders who wish to put forward a proposal should convene an extraordinary general meeting by following the procedures set out in 'Convening an extraordinary general meeting' above.

## INVESTOR RELATIONS

During the Reporting Period, there had been no significant change in the Company's constitutional documents.

## LOOKING FORWARD

The Group will keep reviewing its corporate governance standards on a timely basis and the Board endeavors to take the necessary actions to ensure compliance with the required practices and standards including the provisions of the CG Code.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## ABOUT THIS REPORT

This report is the sixth Environmental, Social and Governance (' ESG ') Report (the ' Report ') published by StarGlory. The Report is to outline the performances on ESG aspects of the Group in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the ' ESG Reporting Guide ')  under Appendix 20 to the GEM Listing Rules and the provisions of 'comply or explain' set out therein.

The Report covers the Group's overall performance, risks, strategies, measures, and commitment in terms of quality of workplace environment, environmental protection, operating practice, and community involvement for the business operations of the Group during the Reporting Period.

## REPORTING SCOPE AND PERIOD

The Report covers the ESG performance of provision of food and beverage services, including the restaurants, cafØ and cake shops under the Japanese brand of Italian Tomato and the Japanese Tonkatsu under the brand of Ginza Bairin  (' 銀座梅林 ')  during  the  period  from  1  April  2021  to  31  March  2022  (the  ' Reporting  Period '),  which  are financially significant and operationally influential to the Group. As at 31 March 2022, we had 35 shops in Hong Kong. All information comes from the official documents or statistic reports of the Group.

## FEEDBACK

We welcome opinions on the Group's environmental, social, and governance approaches upon reading the Report. Please share with us in writing and send them to the Company's head office and principal place of business in Hong Kong (details of which are set out in the section headed 'Corporate Information' on page 3 of this Annual Report) to the Board or the secretary of the Company.

## REPORTING PRINCIPLES

The Group adheres to the reporting principles outlined in the ESG Reporting Guide:

| Principles  Definition  Materiality  The Group understands stakeholders' opinions through internal materiality  assessment  and  various  communication  channels,  identifies  important  ESG issues, and regards them as the key disclosure of the Report.  Quantitative  The  environmental  and  social  key  performance  indicators  ('  KPIs  ')  are  calculated  and  presented  in  a  numeric  approach  to  evaluate  the  ESG  performance of the Group.  Consistency  The  Report  adopted  consistent  methodologies  to  allow  for  meaningful  comparisons of  ESG  data  over  time.  Any  changes  in  the  methodologies  and reporting scope are explained in remarks for stakeholders' reference.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## ESG GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

The Group believes that a robust sustainable governance structure is vitally important to governance effectiveness of the overall business. The Board, as the highest decision-making body of the Group, is responsible for all ESG-related affairs including holding meeting from time to time to discuss, evaluate, and determine the Group's ESG-related risks and ensuring that appropriate and effective ESG risk management and internal control systems are in place. During the daily operation, employees have the responsibility to report the risks in operation to their superior. Furthermore, an external consultant was appointed by the Company as the consultant to provide ESG advisory services in promoting the Group's sustainable development.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

For information about corporate governance structure of the Group and other relevant disclosure, please refer to the section for headed 'Corporate Governance Report' on pages 7 to 20 of this annual report.

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

The Group's stakeholders are the entities that can reasonably be expected to be significantly affected by the Group's activities, or whose actions can reasonably be expected to affect the ability of the Group to implement its strategies or achieve its objectives.

We  understand  that  stakeholder  engagement  plays  a  pivotal  role  to  our  continuous  effort  in  improving  our  ESG standard. Therefore, we have built and maintained various communication channels for our stakeholders to express their  views,  opinions  and  expectations  which  help  us  to  formulate  current  or  future  sustainable  development strategies and enhance the management ability of the Group.

| Stakeholders Groups  Major Communication Channels  Shareholders  •  Annual General Meetings  •  Company website and publications  •  Interim, quarterly and annual reports  •  Announcements and circulars  •  Meetings with senior management  Loan and debt holders  •  Annual General Meetings  •  Company website and publications  •  Interim, quarterly and annual reports  •  Announcements and circulars  •  Meetings with senior management   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT (cont'd)

| Stakeholders Groups  Major Communication Channels  Customers  •  Meetings  •  Interim, quarterly and annual reports  •  Company website and publications  •  Customer satisfaction surveys  •  Customer service hotline/email  Employees  •  Employee meetings  •  Internal communication channels  •  Trainings  •  Performance appraisals  Suppliers  •  On-site inspections  •  Annual evaluation and review  Government agencies and  regulatory bodies  •  On-site inspections  •  Meetings  •  Annual, quarterly and interim reports  Trade associations  •  Business conferences  •  Industry events  •  Company website and publications  Public media  •  Company website and publications  •  Interim, quarterly and annual reports  Local communities  •  Company website and publications   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

The Group considered the concerns of stakeholders, the development of industry trends,  and  the  ESG  Reporting Guide in Appendix 20 of the GEM Listing Rules to formulate the ESG management-related issues library applicable for the Reporting Period. The management of the Group identified and prioritized the ESG material issues based on the above considered factors. According to the ranking result of internal materiality assessment, the Group confirmed the direction of its ESG governance strategy formulation and focused disclosure on issues with higher importance to the Report.

## List of material issues

Based  on  the  results  of  the  internal  materiality  assessment  conducted  by  the  Group's  management,  the  most important issues identified during the Reporting Period are listed as follows:

| Category  Issues  Environmental  Water Usage Management  Waste Management  Energy Efficiency  Social  Anti-corruption System (including the provision of relevant trainings)  Supply Chain Management  Occupational Health and Safety Management  Product and Service Quality (food quality and safety)  Customer Satisfaction   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL ASPECT

The Group recognizes the influences caused by our business operations towards the environment linked to our living community. We are committed to comply with relevant environmental laws, including but not limited to:

- Air  Pollution  Control  Ordinance  (Chapter  311  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong) （ 《空氣污染管制條例》 （香港法例第 311 章） ） ;
- Water Pollution Control Ordinance (Chapter 358 of the Laws of Hong Kong) （ 《水污染管制條例》 （香港法例第 358 章） ） ;
- Waste Disposal Ordinance (Chapter 354 of the Laws of Hong Kong) （ 《廢物處置條例》 （香港法例第 354 章） ） ; and
- Public Health and Municipal Services Ordinance (Chapter 132 of the Laws of Hong Kong) （ 《公眾衛生及市政 條例》 （香港法例第 132 章） ） .

During  the  Reporting  Period,  there  was  no  incident  of  non-compliance  with  local  relevant  environmental  laws and  regulations  relating  to  air  and  greenhouse  gas  emissions,  discharges  into  water  and  land,  and  generation  of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes that had a significant impact on the Group.

Raising our employees' environmental awareness and integrate environmental considerations into our daily operations can stimulate our environmental control effectiveness. The Group has formulated a series of environmental policies and measures that align with industry standards, we required our employees to strictly comply with these laws and regulations. We will also keep abreast of any changes in relevant laws and make necessary revisions to our internal guidelines.

## EMISSIONS

## Air Pollution - Greenhouse Gases

The Group's principal business operations do not involve activities that directly emit greenhouse gas (' GHG ') or other air  pollutants.  However,  insignificant  as  it  may  be,  indirect  GHG  emissions  is  generated  from  our  daily  operations through  fuel  consumption  of  vehicles,  electricity,  Towngas  cooking  and  heat  consumption  during  our  business processes to produce and deliver products to customers and in the Group's general administration.

We  endeavour  to  lower  energy  consumption  by  keeping  monthly  record  of  consumption  level  for  each  business entities and closely monitoring emission level. Meanwhile, we are accomplished to implement a series of measures such as to encourage employees to switch off idling lights, kitchen appliances and other electronic appliances in an effort  to  maintain  or  reduce  the  Group's  overall  energy  consumption  level  effectively.  To  further  reduce  our  carbon footprint,  we  also  promote  the  use  of  telephone  and  video  conference  system  thereby  to  reduce  the  needs  of business travel with vehicles.

To  prevent  excess  emission  from  the  exhaust  gas  caused  by  machinery  malfunction,  the  Group  has  constantly repaired and replaced the kitchen appliances and other electronic appliances, as well as the vehicles for transporting the products; we ensure that these appliances usually operate to prevent unnecessary fuel and energy consumption. All the Group's operations comply with the relevant laws and regulations that significantly impact the Group relating to air pollutants and GHG emissions.

## Waste Management

Handling  processes  for  all  wastes  generated  from  production  and  daily  operations  are  in  strict  compliance  with internal guidelines. Papers, packaging material, food waste and other non-hazardous wastes are the major wastes from our food and beverage services and the Group's general administration. In general, recycling and reuse of waste are  encouraged  under  feasible  circumstances,  while  food  waste  is  collected  and  handled  by  professional  service providers. Apart from food waste, the Group's restaurants generate waste cooking oils during the cooking process, we  have  already  appointed  professional  providers  and  followed  the  guidelines  to  dispose  the  waste  cooking  oils properly.

Internal  guidelines  are  in  place  to  promote  efficiency  in  consuming  resources  and  reducing  waste.  We  incorporate the '3R' (Reduce, Re-use, and Recycle) initiatives within our internal guidelines to promote the reduction of the use of plastic products, disposable utensils and cutlery, foamed polystyrene containers, aluminium foil containers, paper tray liners, cups, and lids; and our employees are encouraged to recycle and reuse paper, as well as to adopt doublesided printing. Due to the business nature, the Group does not generate or discharge any hazardous wastes.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## USE OF RESOURCES

The  Company  and  its  various  subsidiaries  strictly  comply  with  the  relevant  local  laws  and  regulations  on environmental protection, set internal guidelines and measures for this purpose, and work in line with the rules of the office buildings to achieve energy-saving and consumption reduction, minimizing the negative environmental impact of our business operation. Considering the location of our business operations, we do not have any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, as our water resources are sourced from the municipal water supply system.

During the Reporting Period, we have taken various measures to increase energy efficiency and conserve precious water resources, including but not limited to:

Energy saving measures:

- Using natural sunlight, adjusting the indoor lighting and switching off all idling lights, kitchen appliances and other electronic devices;
- Using LED lighting system to reduce power consumption; and
- Maintaining a suitable indoor air temperature.

Water conservation measure:

- Install sensor faucets at offices and restaurants.

In  order  to  monitor  and  improve  the  Group's  resource  efficiency  continuously,  we  are  actively  planning  to  set  the targets including but not limited to air emissions, waste generation, water and energy usage in the coming future so as to review whether our current environmental-related measures are effective or not.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## THE ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES

Natural resources are considered renewable if they are replenished by the environment over relatively short periods of time or are almost of unlimited supply. Examples include solar, wind, forests, biomass and most plants and animals. Natural resources are considered as non-renewable resources if they cannot be easily replenished by the environment or are of limited supply. Examples include most minerals, metal ores, fossil fuels, natural gas and groundwater.

Despite  the  fact  that  the  Group's  major  operations  have  no  significant  impact  on  the  environment  and  natural resources,  we,  as  a  responsible  corporate,  are  committed  to  minimizing  such  negative  impact,  and  assessing environmental risks induced by our operations, in order to formulate relevant measures.

## 1. Raising Environmental Awareness

The  Group  understands  that  reinforcing  our  internal  environmental  measures  requires  the  employees' environmental  protection  consciousness  to  facilitate  the  policies  execution,  including  issuing  the  internal guideline  from  time  to  time  and  sharing  green  office  initiatives  to  attain  the  green  office  management comprehensively.

## 2. Protecting Biodiversity

We understand the significance of protecting the biodiversity as it boosts ecosystem productivity where each species,  no  matter  how  small,  plays  an  important  role.  Procuring  sustainable  food  ingredients  is  our  goal to  works  towards  sustainable  developments,  for  instance,  certain  seafood  from  the  Group's  restaurants  is purchased from a sustainable fishery labelled by the Marine Stewardship Council (' MSC '), which implies the seafood from the fishery has been certified by the set of requirements for sustainable fishing.

## CLIMATE CHANGE

As  human  living  consumption  patterns  exacerbate  global  warming,  climate  change  continues  to  pose  significant physical and transition risks to the world. The Group recognizes that enterprises are contributing to global warming, especially the food and beverage industry; the Board has identified 'Climate Change' as one of the ESG risks that affected  the  business  of  the  Group.  Extreme  weather  such  as  typhoons  and  heavy  rainstorms  may  trigger  other flooding and landslide hazards, which may affect the safety of our employees during traveling to the workplace or work.  For  that  reason,  the  Group  strictly  follows  the  relevant  governmental  guideline  including  but  not  limited  to the  'Code  of  Practice  in  Times  of  Typhoons  and  Rainstorms'  to  list  out  the  appropriate  working  arrangements  in our internal procedure based on the condition of extreme weather. Contingency Plans have also been prepared to respond to the climatic risks. Besides, the Group is striving to reduce its carbon footprint proactively by implementing various measures to reduce the energy consumption.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## ENVIRONMENTAL KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS ('KPIs') 1

| Key Performance Indicators  Unit  2022  A1 Emissions  Air Emissions  Nitrogen oxides (NOx)  kg  101.16  Sulphur oxides (SOx)  kg  0.12  Particulate Matter (PM)  kg  4.66  Greenhouse Gas Emissions  Scope 1 - Direct emissions  Tonnes of CO2e  36.77  Scope 2 - Energy indirect emissions  Tonnes of CO2e  802.14  Total  Tonnes of CO2e  838.91  Intensity  Tonnes of CO2e/  HK$'000 revenue  0.005  Non-hazardous Waste  Total  Tonnes  7.43  Intensity  kg/HK$'000  revenue  0.04  A2 Use of Resources  Direct energy - Unleaded petrol  kWh  73,624.64  Indirect energy - Purchased electricity and gas  kWh  2,071,756.39  Total  kWh  2,145,381.03  Intensity  kWh/HK$'000  revenue  12.59  Packaging Materials  Total  Tonnes  80.59  Intensity  kg/HK$'000  revenue  0.47  Water Consumption  Total water consumption  m 3  16,342.70  Intensity  m 3 /HK$'000  revenue  0.10   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1

The environmental KPIs covers the food &amp; beverage business operates under the Japanese brand of Italian Tomato and Ginza Bairin.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## SOCIAL ASPECT

## Employment and Labour Practices

## Employment

Employees are one of the essential elements to holding our Group's competitiveness. We strive to provide them with a work environment where they are respected with satisfaction. They are entitled to learn, grow, and succeed at work. Such ideology has been included in our human resources policies.

Employment contracts set out all the conditions of work including compensation, working time, rest periods, holidays, disciplinary and dismissal practices, maternity and paternity protection, equal opportunity, diversity, antidiscrimination, the workplace environment, occupational health and safety and other benefits and welfare etc, with a view to mitigate the Group's exposure to labour issues and protect employees' rights.

We regularly review the remuneration level of our staff and improve their welfare to address the increasing turnover rate of employees deriving from the amplified market competition. Such increasing turnover rate has also contributed to a higher proportion of part-time employees in our workforce.

The  Employment  Ordinance  (Chapter  57  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong) （ 《僱傭條例》 （香港法例第 57 章） ） of  Hong Kong and other relevant laws and regulations should be upheld. During the Reporting Period, there was no incident of  non-compliance  with  the  relevant  laws  and  regulations  that  pose  a  significant  impact  on  the  Group  relating  to compensation  and  dismissal,  recruitment  and  promotion,  working  hours,  rest  periods,  equal  opportunity,  diversity, anti-discrimination and other benefits and welfare.

## 1. Equal Opportunities and Diversity

Employees  are  one  of  the  key  stakeholders  of  the  Group  and  we  believe  that  creating  diversity  and  equal opportunities  can  enhance  our  competitiveness,  and  we  have  incorporated  this  element  into  the  Group's personnel management system. We do not enforce any restrictive guidelines on a particular gender of staff employment.

Our employment practices support the building of an inclusive work environment free from discrimination such as gender, age, nationality, sexual orientation, family status, race or religion. Each employee has an equal job opportunity.

## 2. Employee Communication

The Group values and appreciates the opinions of our employees. We ensure that discontent and grievances from work are heard and handled in a fair and appropriate manner. Employees are also encouraged to share their views and aspirations concerning their career and the Group's development.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## SOCIAL ASPECT (cont'd)

## Employment and Labour Practices (cont'd)

## Employment (cont'd)

## 3. Dismissal

For circumstances in which an employee has violated the Group's regulations or performed consistently below an acceptable level, the Group has established related guidelines to terminate that employee's employment contract; detailed terms and conditions for dismissal are outlined in the employment contract.

## Health and Safety

Providing  a  working  environment  free  of  health  and  safety  hazards  for  employees  is  a  globally  recognized  human right. Various laws and regulations administered by government agencies and voluntary standards advocated by nongovernment organizations are in place to protect employees' health and safety. Employees' health and safety issues can be resulted from the use of unsafe equipment, machinery, processes, and practices. They can also be resulted from the improper use of dangerous substances, such as chemical, physical and biological agents.

To prevent employees' health and safety impacts, it is the Group's policy to require staff at all levels (i) to always be alert to health and safety concerns in the workplace; (ii) to report and communicate all health and safety concerns in the workplace on a timely basis; and (iii) to adhere to all applicable safety laws, regulations and standards.

## 1. Work Safety

It is a priority that we ensure the health and safety of customers and employees at our restaurants. The Group fully  complies with the Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance (Chapter 509 of the Laws of Hong Kong) （ 《職業安全及健康條例》 （香港法例第 509 章） ） .  Along  with  internal  policies  and  procedures,  the  Group has  implemented  various  measures  to  ensure  employees'  safety  at  work.  These  measures  include  regular inspections of restaurant and kitchen areas, and reviewing of internal safety control systems to identify any risks.

To enhance employees' awareness of occupational health and safety, the Group provides internal and external training and safety meetings for employees. We also participate in fire drills held by different departments or organizations regularly.

Throughout our operations, we encourage our employees, through constant communication, to alert us to any risks promptly so that they can be addressed as they arise.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## SOCIAL ASPECT (cont'd)

## Employment and Labour Practices (cont'd)

## Health and Safety (cont'd)

## 2. Employee Care

Achieving a work-life balance is what we always encourage and promote among our employees. We aspire that our employees are able to value physical and mental health as we strive to create a harmonious working environment to help relieve their stress. Meanwhile, we provide our employees with information about health and safety to improve their health consciousness.

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any non-compliance with laws and regulations in respect of employees' health and safety that have a significant impact on the Group.

## 3. Response to COVID-19

In  light  of  the  outbreak  of  COVID-19,  the  Group  strives  to  prevent  the  further  spread  of  the  pandemic  in workplaces including offices and restaurants by and taking effective and appropriate preventive measures to reduce the risk of infection. Some precaution measures include:

- Provide masks and sanitising products to employees;
- Request all employees to undergo body temperature check before entering offices and restaurants;
- Request all employees to do rapid antigen test (' RAT ') before coming back to work;
- Record body temperature for employees regularly;
- Strengthen the  cleaning  and  disinfection  of  offices  and  all  restaurants,  e.g.  dining  tables  and  chairs, floors, toilets, door handles etc.;
- Employees in the  production  department  (e.g.  cake  factory,  kitchen)  must  wear  hairnets/paper  caps and mask at work;
- All  restaurants  are  equipped  with  a  variety  of  disinfection  equipment,  e.g.,  ultraviolet  disinfection equipment, intelligent temperature detection equipment, etc.;

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## SOCIAL ASPECT (cont'd)

## Employment and Labour Practices (cont'd)

## Health and Safety (cont'd)

## 3. Response to COVID-19 (cont'd)

- Ensure that customers record their information through the QR code of 'Leave Home Safe' or other registration methods before entering the restaurant;
- Limit the number of customers per table and the number of customers in the restaurant;
- Limit the distance between tables or being separated with partition;
- Rejecting  to  serve  any  people  undergoing  compulsory  quarantine  (identified  by  wearing  quarantine tracker wristbands); and
- The diners are required to present the 'Vaccination Record/Medical Exemption QR Code' for scanning upon entry.

## Development and Training

The  Group  considers  the  growth  of  our  employees  as  the  key  to  sustainable  business  growth.  We  provide employees with a nurturing environment and career development opportunities, including skills development and job training.  To  promote  employees' satisfaction,  it  is  the  Group's  policy  to  provide  employees  with  sufficient  in-house training  courses;  whilst  encouraging  staff  members to attend relevant external training programs to support career development.

Training on obligations, duties and responsibilities of directors and senior management of publicly listed companies are also in place. This training is in line with the SFO and the GEM Listing Rules.

We  encourage  promotion  within  the  Group.  All  employees  enjoy  equal  opportunities  of  promotion  as  their  work performance are appraised regularly.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## SOCIAL ASPECT (cont'd)

## Employment and Labour Practices (cont'd)

## Labour Standard

The Group's internal rules and labour system are made in strict adherence to the Employment Ordinance (Chapter 57  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong) （ 《僱傭條例》 （香港法例第５７章） ） and  other  applicable  laws  and  regulations. All  recruitment  processes  and  promotion  activities  are  closely  monitored  under  the  Group's  human  resources management scheme. To prevent the employment of child labour, applicants are required to submit their identification documents  during  the  interview  section  to  ensure  that  their  ages  meet  the  minimum  regulatory  requirement  of employees. Also, our employment contract clearly sets out working hours in order to avoid forced labour. The Group will conduct investigations and take disciplinary action against or dismiss the relevant employees immediately when any non-compliance is discovered. If necessary, the Group will further improve the labour mechanism against illegal behaviours.

During the Reporting Period, there was no child or forced labour in the Group's operations.

## Operating Practices

## Supply Chain Management

The  suppliers  of  the  Group  mainly  supplied  us  with  food  ingredients,  such  as  meat,  seafood,  dried  food  and vegetables. We did not witness any significant change in geographical locations of suppliers. During the Reporting Period, our suppliers are mainly from Hong Kong and Japan.

The Group might be indirectly involved with environmental or social impacts as a result of its business relationships with its suppliers. To prevent negative environmental and social impacts in the Group's supply chain, it is the Group's policy  to  select  suppliers  which  have  considerations  on  social  and  environment  protections  as  well  as  compliance with  the  laws,  rules  and  regulations  stipulated  in  the  Group's  operating  regions.  For  instance,  certain  seafood  is purchased from sustainable fishery labelled by the MSC.

The Group has developed procurement and payables related policies to implement strict standards and procedures in  supplier  selection.  We  take  several  standards  into  considerations  when  selecting  suppliers  including  quality  and safety of food products and materials, delivery time, stable supply, track record, hygiene of food production facilities, and so on. We also implement measures such as requisition of certificates to monitor and assess the quality of all of  our  suppliers  and  subcontractors,  including  their  capability  of  undertaking  works  with  quality  and  risk  (including environmental  and  social)  management.  Under  practicable  circumstances,  we  will  prioritize  selecting  the  suppliers that  provide environmentally-friendly products and services for our business operation to reduce the environmental impacts of the supply chain. During the Reporting Period, all of our suppliers have passed our supplier assessment process before engagement.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## SOCIAL ASPECT (cont'd)

## Operating Practices (cont'd)

## Supply Chain Management (cont'd)

We promote fair and open competition, aiming to develop long-term relationship based on mutual trust. We keep a close eye on procurement made by our staff and forbid any practices that are against business ethics. Business relationship  with  suppliers  and  business  partners  are  handled  and  monitored  carefully  in  avoidance  of  transfer  of interests or exploitation of suppliers.

## Product Responsibility

Maintaining  food  safety  and  quality  are  integral  parts  of  building  strong  brands  and  reputation  which  contribute significantly  to  the  success  of  the  Group's  operations.  As  such,  with  strengthened  internal  guidelines  to  regulate hygiene and sanitary level, our food safety standards focus on illness prevention, restaurant food safety and regulation adherence in day-to-day restaurant operations. We strictly abide by the relevant laws and regulations include, but not limited to the Sale of Goods Ordinance (Chapter 26 of the Laws of Hong Kong) （ 《貨品售賣條例》 （香港法例第２６ 章） ） , the Trade Descriptions Ordinance (Chapter 362 of the Laws of Hong Kong) （ 《商品説明條例》 （香港法例第 362 章） ） ,  the  Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Chapter 486 of the Laws of Hong Kong) ( 《個人資料（私隱） 條例》 （香 港法例第 486 章） ） ,  the  Prevention  and  Control  of  Disease  (Requirements  and  Directions)  (Business  and  Premises) Regulation (Chapter 599F of the Laws of Hong Kong) （ 《預防及控制疾病 （規定及指示） （業務及處所） 規例》 （香港法 例第 599F 章） ） .

Operating  great  restaurants  that  meet  the  highest  food  safety  standards  is  the  core  of  our  commitment.  From food procurement to food preparation and serving our customers, we are dedicated to offering high-quality dining experience to our customers. With the Group's sustainable approach to implement its values through food safety, customer care and supply chain management, the Group believes our brands will have a bright and promising future.

## 1. Quality Management

To  ensure  our  food  and  services  reach  the  standard  of  the  Company.  We  implement  different  kinds  of measure, such as ensuring it is produced according to the recipe from the Research &amp; Development (' R&amp;D ') and applying the First In, First Out (' FIFO ') mechanism to manage the food ingredients and finished products. We have also formulated a standardized inspection checklist for checking the conditions of kitchen facilities regularly. For permits and certification, our cake factory has obtained the bakery licence with the nomination of  the  hygiene  manager and supervisor daily stay within site. Furthermore, we conduct an internal audit for production quality assurance according to the designated schedule.

During the Reporting Period, we did not have any products sold or shipped subject to recall for safety and health reasons.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## SOCIAL ASPECT (cont'd)

## Operating Practices (cont'd)

## Supply Chain Management (cont'd)

## 2. Customer Feedback

Customers'  feedback  on  food  quality,  dining  experience  and  customer  service  are  valuable  driving  forces to  motivate  us  to  work  better.  Therefore,  we  set  up  customer  feedback  forms  in  our  restaurants  which encompass food quality,  service  standard,  hygiene  condition  and  the  customers'  overall  dining  experience. To  improve  customers'  satisfaction,  it  is  our  policy  to  respond  and  handle  customer's  complaints  in  a timely  manner.  After  receiving  customers'  complaints,  the  relevant  department  will  then  follow  up  and  take appropriate measures to improve our services quality.

During the Reporting Period, we did not receive any significant products and service-related complaints.

## 3. Advertising and Labelling

We carry out marketing and promotional works in an appropriate manner to attract customers. We have been in  compliance with all applicable laws and standards enacted by the government and industry associations. All advertising and promotional materials are required to be internally reviewed and approved by the Company before being published to ensure that consumers are provided with sufficient and accurate information on our services to make informed choices.

## 4. Intellectual Property and Privacy Protection

We deeply understand the importance and significance of protecting intellectual property rights as well as the confidential  information  of  our  customers  and  suppliers.  We  have  purchased  and  installed  genuine  antivirus software  by  protecting  against  the  common  cyber  security  risks.  Besides,  our  employment  contract  clearly states  that  employees  are  required  to  properly  safeguard  and  avoid  leakage  of  confidential  information obtained in the course of work.

During the Reporting Period, the Group complied with all relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## SOCIAL ASPECT (cont'd)

## Operating Practices (cont'd)

## Anti-corruption

Corruption  refers  to  practices  such  as  bribery,  facilitation  payments,  fraud,  extortion,  conspiracy,  and  money laundering; the offer or receipt of gifts, loans, fees, rewards, or other advantages as an inducement to do something dishonest, illegal, or represents a breach of trust. Corruption is broadly linked to adverse environmental and social impacts, such as damage to the environment, abuse of democracy, misallocation of government investments, and undermining of the rule of law.

The Group strictly complies with all relevant anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Chapter 201 of the Laws of Hong Kong) （ 《防止賄賂條例》 （香港法例第 201 章） ） of Hong Kong. The Group is  expected  by  the  marketplace,  international  norms,  and  stakeholders  to  demonstrate  its  adherence  to  integrity, governance,  and  responsible  business  practices.  The  Group's  resistance  to  corruption  involves  using  effective strategies to detect and deter corruption and contributes to our ethical business culture. During Reporting Period, there were no legal cases regarding was brought against the Group or any of its employees as far as the Group is aware.

In  addition,  we  have  formulated,  and  strictly  implemented  our  anti-corruption  control  system.  In  order  to  help  our directors and management to understand the importance of anti-corruption, we arranged training related to business ethics, "Listing Rules" and "Corporate Governance Code" for them during the Reporting Period. We are planning to arrange anti-corruption trainings for our employees in the future.

## Whistle-blowing Policy

The Group encourages its employees, suppliers, customers and other stakeholders to report any misconduct through different  channels  such  as  email  or  in  writing.  The  secretary  of  the  Company  who  is  responsible  for  forwarding communications  relating  to  matters  within  the  Board  and  ordinary  business  matters  will  then  follow  up  the  cases received. We will promptly carry out inspection and take necessary measures to protect the identity of the whistleblower.

During the Reporting Period, we had not identified any non-compliance in relation to corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering, which had a significant impact on the Group. The Group will regularly review its internal anti-corruption system and improve it when necessary.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## SOCIAL ASPECT (cont'd)

## Community

## Community Investment

Based  in  Hong  Kong,  the  Group  has  strived  to  'reward  the  community'  in  different  ways.  The  Group  values  its corporate social responsibility by dedicating to improve its staff awareness in community care.

The Group proactively seeks to promote the spirit of corporate social responsibility within the Group by organizing or participating in appropriate community activities. Through these events, we encourage our employees to contribute to the community so as to help the persons in need and improve the relationship among staff members, the enterprise and the community. During the Reporting Period, the Group has actively supported the local charity 'Foodlink',  a registered charity dedicated to fighting hunger, building self-sufficiency, and fostering nutritional wellness among those in need in Hong Kong. As a responsible corporate that closely connected to the community, we have donated a total of HK$44,850 safe-to-eat surplus cake and pastry during the Reporting Period to Foodlink for 'replacing hunger with a smile'.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## SOCIAL KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPIs) 1

| Key Performance Indicators  Unit  2022  B1 Employment  Number of Employees  Total  Person  296  By Gender  Male  Person  77  Female  Person  219  By Employment Category  Full time  Person  168  Part time/Contract  Person  128  By Employee Category  Senior management  Person  2  Middle management  Person  21  General staff  Person  273  By Age Group  20 or below  Person  35  21-30  Person  108  31-40  Person  63  41-50  Person  39  51-60  Person  35  60 above  Person  16  By Work Location  Hong Kong  Person  296  Employee Turnover Rate 2  By Gender  Male  Percentage  125.97  Female  Percentage  113.24  By Age Group  20 or below  Percentage  171.43  21-30  Percentage  134.26  31-40  Percentage  104.76  41-50  Percentage  89.74  51-60  Percentage  74.29  60 above  Percentage  81.25  By Work Location  Hong Kong  Percentage  116.55   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1

The social KPIs covers Hong Kong Headquarters Office, and the food &amp; beverage business operates under the Japanese brand of Italian Tomato and Ginza Bairin.

2 The turnover rate may exceed 100% since it is calculated as the number of departing employees in the Reporting period / the total number of employees on the last day of the Reporting Period X 100%.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## SOCIAL KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPIs) 1 (cont'd)

| Key Performance Indicators  Unit  2022  B2 Health and Safety  Work-related deaths (person) 3  Person  0  Lost days due to work injury  Day(s)  101.5  B3 Training and Development  Number of Employees Trained  By Gender  Male  Percentage  40  Female  Percentage  46  By Employee Category  Senior management  Percentage  100  Middle management  Percentage  5  General staff  Percentage  47  Average Training Hours  By Gender  Male  Hour(s)  16  Female  Hour(s)  13  By Employee Category  Senior management  Hour(s)  18  Middle management  Hour(s)  2  General staff  Hour(s)  15  B5 Supply Chain Management  Number of Suppliers by Geographical Location  Hong Kong  Supplier(s)  146  Japan  Supplier(s)  1  B6 Product Responsibility  Number of products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety  and health reasons  Case(s)  0  Number of significant products and service-related complaints.  Case(s)  0  B7 Anti-corruption  Number  of  concluded  legal  cases  regarding  corrupt  practices  brought  against  the  issuer  or  its  employees  during  the  Reporting Period.  Case(s)  0   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

3

## Management Discussion and Analysis

The  Group's  audited  revenue  for  the  Reporting  Period  amounted  to  approximately  HK$171.9  million  (2021: approximately  HK$187.9  million),  representing  a  decrease  of  approximately  8.5%  compared  with  the  last  financial year. Loss attributable to owners of the Company for the Reporting Period was approximately HK$19.8 million (2021: profit  of  approximately  HK$2.5  million).  Such  loss  was  mainly  due  to  the  combined  effect  of  (i)  decrease  in  other income as a sum of approximately HK$1.1 million subsidies from the Anti-epidemic Fund from the government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the ' HKSAR ') (' Anti-epidemic Fund ') was received and recognized as other income during the Reporting Period while wage subsidies under the Employment Support Scheme launched by the government of the HKSAR and subsidies from the Anti-epidemic Fund in a sum of approximately HK$15.5 million were recorded as other income for the Group's business activities carried out in Hong Kong during the corresponding period  last  year;  (ii)  the  Group  recognized  an  one-off  gain  of  approximately  HK$1.9  million  from  the  disposal  of subsidiaries  for  the  operation  of  Japanese  curry  restaurants  under  the  trade  name  of  Shirokuma  Curry  in  late September 2020; (iii) increase in operating expenses as the Group commenced full operation of its new healthcare business at the beginning of 2021, and has put some financial resources to develop this new segment; and (iv) a loss on disposal of subsidiaries in an amount of approximately HK$1.7 million was recognized for the Reporting Period.

## INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

During the Reporting Period, increasing uptake of vaccinations against the COVID-19 and government fiscal stimulus boosted  economic  activity  globally.  However,  new  and  highly  transmissible  COVID-19  variants  such  as  Omicron emerged rapidly across the world, especially towards the end of 2021, resulting in soaring case numbers in many places and creating a major obstacle to full economic recovery and a rebound in consumer confidence.

China  was  among  the  world's  fastest-growing  major  economies  in  2021,  thanks  to  its  effective  control  of  the pandemic throughout most of the  year.  The  nation's  economy  rebounded,  with  its  gross  domestic  product  (GDP) expanding  8.1%  year  on  year  to  RMB114.37  trillion  (USD17.15  trillion),  outperforming  even  the  government's expectations. China's per capita GDP, at around USD12,500, exceeded the global average, with industrial production regaining  its  growth  momentum  and  domestic  demand  gradually  recovering.  As  the  highly  contagious  Omicron variant  took  the  world  by  storm  during  the  first  quarter  of  2022,  however,  China's  economic  growth  came  under pressure as a result of the imposition of stringent pandemic control measures.

In  Hong Kong, the food and beverage industry remained one of the most severely affected by the pandemic amid the  'new  normal'  of  social  distancing  measures  and  border  controls.  Nevertheless,  the  industry  began  to  regain lost  momentum  as  the  local  pandemic  situation  remained  stable,  with  timely  stimulus  measures  provided  by  the government, and the economy remained on track for recovery. Business sentiment in the food and beverage sector improved and there was something of a revival in employers' propensity to hire personnel.

According to the Census and Statistics Department (C&amp;SD), the value of total receipts in the restaurant sector rose sharply by 29.1% in the fourth quarter of 2021, albeit from a low base the previous year. On a seasonally adjusted quarter-on-quarter basis, the value of total receipts in the sector increased by a further 1.6%, while for full-year 2021, total revenue in the sector rebounded by 16.8% from a low base in 2020.

## INDUSTRY OVERVIEW (cont'd)

However,  the  fortunes  of  the  food  and  beverage  industry  took  a  sharp  turn  for  the  worse  in  the  first  quarter  of 2022 due to a fifth wave of the pandemic and restrictions imposed in response to it. The value of total receipts in the  restaurant  sector  fell  by  23.1%  year  on  year,  and  40.2%  on  a  seasonally  adjusted  quarter-on-quarter  basis. Nevertheless,  with  an  improvement  in  the  local  pandemic  situation,  the  gradual  relaxation  of  social  distancing measures, and a new tranche of stimulus spending provided through the government's Consumer Voucher Scheme, the outlook for the food and beverage industry appears to be improving.

In  mainland  China,  as  life  expectancy  continues  to  improve,  demand  for  healthcare  services  and  products  is accelerating  commensurately,  with  people's  pursuit  of  efficiency  and  quality  in  healthcare  services  intensifying. Dental care, in  particular,  has  historically  been  a  relatively  underdeveloped  segment  of  China's  healthcare  industry. However, thanks to improved knowledge of oral hygiene among the general public, the segment has demonstrated strong growth potential and has become an essential component of the healthcare market. China's dental industry is forecasted to enjoy a compound annual growth rate of 15.91% from 2020 to 2026. Such growth prospects can be attributed to increased awareness of oral health, a rapid expansion in the number of elderly people, and increased spending power among consumers that has enabled them to focus more on beauty and personal care.

The  Chinese  government  is  sharpening  its  focus  on  health  issues,  with  particular  regard  to  smoking.  In  the e-cigarette  industry,  for  instance,  the  age  of  consumers  is  falling,  with  the  highest  rate  of  use  among  those  in  the 15-24 age group, and e-commerce platforms are the preferred purchasing channel for e-cigarette products, with a 45.4% market share, according to  state  media  reports.  In  order  to  discourage  minors  and  youngsters  from  using e-cigarettes, the government further strengthened supervision of the e-cigarette market during the Reporting Period. The  State  Tobacco  Monopoly  Administration  issued  a  new  version  of  the  'Administrative  Measure  for  Electronic Cigarettes' (the ' Measures '),  which  was officially  implemented on 1 May 2022. The 'Measures' not only stipulate national standards for e-cigarettes, but also prohibit sales of e-cigarettes that have flavors other than that of tobacco and e-cigarettes that use atomization.

Promoting  smoke-free  societies  is  a  major  global  trend,  and  many  countries  have  established  targets  of  reducing smoking prevalence to 5%. With a view to further eliminating the use of tobacco, the Hong Kong SAR government is  also  actively  stepping  up  its  anti-smoking  efforts  and  imposing  a  total  ban  on  the  import,  manufacture,  sale, distribution and promotion of alternative smoking products, including e-cigarettes and heated cigarettes, with the aim of reducing the smoking rate to 7.8% by 2025.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The pandemic situation of COVID-19 continued for more than two years, and the food and beverage business of the  Group  has  still  been  facing  the  impacts  brought  by  the  social  distance  and  quarantine  measures.  During  the Reporting Period, the revenue of the food and beverage business of the Group on one hand became struggling. On the other hand, the food cost has been jumping since the third quarter of 2021. However, with the compliments for the encouragement, support and patience from our loyal customers and suppliers, and diligent staff, the Group's food and beverage business has a sustainable result in the Reporting Period.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group's  food  and  beverage  businesses  have  two  Japanese  related  concepts  in Hong Kong, namely Italian Tomato and Ginza Bairin.

Italian  Tomato is the Group's promising brand of restaurants, cafØs and cake shops. Italian Tomato is undoubtedly one of the well-recognized cake shops in Hong Kong, both traditional and seasonal products are welcomed in the market. The result of the Reporting Period is encouraging, which gives great encouragement and confidence to the management for enlarging the network of Italian Tomato. With the addition of 6 cake shops while closing 1 cafØ and 2 cake shops in the Reporting Period, there are 5 cafØs and 29 cake shops in Hong Kong as of 31 March 2022. A recent study conducted by the management noted that the benefit from the resource deployed in shop operation is more worthwhile than in factory operation, the management therefore has an expansion plan on shop number which is  now  subject  to  the  conclusion  of  tenancies.  Meanwhile,  the  Group  will  investigate  the  feasibility  of  outsourcing partial manufacturing procedures in order for stringent cost control given that Italian Tomato still provides good quality cakes to our customers.

Ginza Bairin, the Japanese tonkatsu, has 1 shop in Hong Kong. With the unfailing support from a small but steady population of tonkatsu lover who is addicted to Ginza Bairin's taste, Ginza Bairin therefore maintains a satisfactory result during the Reporting Period. However, shortage of labor supply is a serious problem in the food and beverage industry now, the management is trying all effort to ensure the quality of food and service provided by Ginza Bairin.

A  resurgence  of  COVID-19  infections  due  to  the  emergence  of  the  Omicron  variant  required  a  reimposition  of lockdowns  and  social  distancing  measures  during  the  Reporting  Period,  prolonging  difficulties  in  the  Group's operating markets. To diversify the Group's business risks and broaden its revenue streams, it has tapped into the healthcare  market  since  2020  and  optimized  its  presence,  with  a  specific  focus  on  oral  hygiene,  as  oral  care  is increasingly highly valued by consumers amid overall improving health awareness in China.

Following its acquisition of a 70% stake in Huayin (Shenzhen) Biotechnology Co., Ltd. （華胤（深圳） 生物科技有限公 司） (' Huayin Biotechnology '), the Group has capitalized on its technological expertise and development, advancing its oral care product development and strategic business direction. In January 2022, Huayin Biotechnology entered into an investment cooperation agreement with two other industry leaders. A subsidiary which the Group holds 51% stake was established to deepen its engagement in the development and sale of oral care products. The Group will be able to introduce long-term business partners to provide strategic support, expertise and technology in the long run, and further enhance its competitive edge, strengthening its foothold in the healthcare market.

## BUSINESS REVIEW (cont'd)

While  Huayin  Biotechnology  will  contribute  by  way  of  a  cash  contribution,  another  industry-leading  company  will contribute  multi-physical  activation  and  nano-fermentation  extraction  technology  the  (' Technology ')  used  in manufacturing  oral  and  dental  anti-inflammatory  products,  and  in  repair  and  cleaning  products  for  the  mouth  and teeth, as an in-kind contribution to that company. With anti-inflammatory, gum and tooth repair and tooth-whitening action, the Technology provides a comprehensive means of purifying oral care products such as toothpaste during the  production  process  through  strengthening  electromagnetic  field  activity （電磁強化） .  The  Group's  management believes the Technology will enable its products to stand out from other products in the market.

As  of  the  end  of  the  Reporting  Period,  the  establishment  of  the  Group's  entire  toothpaste  production  process  including materials procurement, packaging, processing, storage, transportation, loading and unloading - had been completed.  Yet  due  to  the  impact  of  the  pandemic,  the  toothpaste  production  schedule  was  delayed,  with  mass outsourced production commencing only in April 2022. To effectively promote the launch of the product, the Group completed building a presence on online platforms such as WeChat Mall, JD.com, Douyin and Kuaishou. With regard to advertising and promotions, the Group has formed a strategic cooperation agreement with Shanghai Li Film and Television  Group  Co.,  Ltd.  for  the  use  of  film  and  television  intellectual  property,  stills,  posters,  and  promotional materials for the joint promotion of products. Meanwhile, the Group will continue with its plan to actively promote new products to boost its revenue.

The pandemic had a significant impact on the cosmetics sector in China, which did not spare the Group's freckleremoval  and  skin-whitening  products,  leading  to  poorer-than-expected  financial  performance.  Taking  this  and  the state of business operations into account, the management saw little reason for optimism about the business and disposed of its stake during the Reporting Period in order to divert more resources on oral health business.

In respect of the e-cigarette business, amid the continued tightening of regulations by the Chinese government, the Group persisted with a prudent approach during the Reporting Period, monitoring market conditions and reviewing its investments in the industry. In view of the uncertain outlook for the e-cigarette industry, the Group has redirected its efforts, reallocated and reserved resources to focus strategically on the healthcare business and grasp the enormous opportunities it offers to expand the Group's income streams.

## FUTURE PROSPECTS

As 2022 progresses, the global economy is entering a marked slowdown due to new threats posed by various strains of COVID-19, coupled with rising inflation, debt, and income inequality that could jeopardize the recovery of emerging markets and developing economies. According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the global economic growth rate is expected to decrease from a predicted 6.1% in 2021 to 3.5% in 2022 and 2023. The global economy is also set to face more challenges in the near term.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## FUTURE PROSPECTS (cont'd)

Although  the  development  of  the  food  and  beverage  market  has  been  complicated  by  the  resurgence  of  the pandemic, its  overall  recovery  trend  remains  unchanged.  Following  the  stabilization  of  the  fifth  wave  of  pandemic, Hong  Kong's  food  and  beverage  sector  is  expected  to  see  a  rebound  in  footfall  and  dine-in  activity  as  workers began to return to the office starting in late April 2022, although a full market recovery in the coming several months remains  uncertain.  The  Group  believes  that  the  easing  in  the  severity  of  the  pandemic  and  the  gradual  relaxation of  social  distancing  measures  will  help  local  consumer  sentiment  to  recover.  The  Group  will  therefore  proactively adjust its strategies, with more launches of new promotions and offers, and collaborate with various third-party foodordering  platforms  in  offering  online-to-offline  services  to  drive  additional  local  spending  amid  the  extension  of  the Consumption Voucher Scheme by Hong Kong's government and boost its revenue.

Furthermore,  the  Group  will  continue  to  develop  its  membership  scheme  by  enhancing  its  mobile  app  to  provide dedicated, convenient services to its customers. At the same time, it will continue to uphold its priority of ensuring food safety and hygiene in its restaurants and cake shop businesses to retain customer confidence.

The global market for dental consumables was worth USD30.41 billion in 2021, and it is expected to expand at a rapid  pace  between  2021  and  2027.  In  view  of  the  huge  potential  of  the  healthcare  industry,  particularly  the  oral care market, the Group is committed to seizing opportunities in this segment to strengthen its competitiveness and expand its market share. To further exploit the promising growth opportunities in China's oral care market, the Group has  started  to  manufacture  oral  hygiene  products  with  anti-inflammation  properties,  which  repair  teeth  and  gums, and whiten teeth. Amid the increasing awareness of oral care and a growing emphasis on environmental protection, the Group believes that this segment will become one of the key drivers of its business in the years ahead. As the Group spearheads the mass production of oral care products, it will continue to direct efforts and resources toward advertising and marketing as it aims to boost its market share and brand reputation in China.

Due to the gradual tightening of regulations related to e-cigarettes in China and proposed legislative amendments to ban e-cigarettes in Hong Kong, the Group remains cautiously optimistic about the market outlook for this segment. It will also continue to closely monitor the latest regulatory developments and adjust its business strategies in a prudent and  pragmatic  manner.  In  addition,  the  Group  will  pay  close  attention  to  the  industry  environment  and  adjust  its business portfolio to continue to create long-term value for its shareholders.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Consolidated results of operations

For the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a total revenue of approximately HK$171.9 million (2021: approximately HK$187.9  million)  which  were  from  provision  of  food  and  beverage  services  and  others  and  sales  of  skincare products  of  approximately  HK$170.5  million  and  HK$1.4  million  respectively  (2021:  approximately  HK$184.8 million  and  HK$3.1  million  respectively),  representing  a  decrease  of  approximately  7.7%  and  54.2%  respectively compared with the previous year mainly because of tough peers competition following the revival of the whole food and beverage industry and no revenue was recognized from Japanese curry restaurants under the trade name of Shirokuma Curry for the Reporting Period which was disposed in late September 2020.

Loss  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  was  approximately  HK$19.8  million  (2021:  profit  of  approximately HK$2.5 million).

## Gross profit

The gross profit margin from the operations of the Group was approximately 55% (2021: approximately 58%). The slight decrease in ratio was mainly attributable to the increase in costs of food ingredients.

## Other income

Other  income  of  the  Group  for  the  Reporting  Period  decreased  by  81.9%  to  approximately  HK$3.3  million  (2021: approximately  HK$18.5  million).  The  decrease  was  mainly  due  to  the  receipt  of  wages  subsidies  under  the Employment Support Scheme launched by the government of the HKSAR and subsidies from the Anti-epidemic Fund from the government of the HKSAR recorded as other income in the sum of approximately HK$15.5 million for the Group's business activities carried in Hong Kong during the year ended 31 March 2021.

## Operating expenses

The Group strived to exercise stringent cost control and further enhanced operational efficiency during the Reporting Period. As a result, total operating expenses for the operations decreased by approximately 6.5% to approximately HK$112.3 million (2021: approximately HK$120.1 million). It was generally in line with the decrease in revenue and also resulted from exercising stringent cost control during the Reporting Period.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (cont'd)

## Operating expenses (cont'd)

A breakdown of the operating expenses are set out below:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amortization of other intangible assets  753  772  Auditor's remuneration  651  709  Building management fee and rates  3,435  3,408  Cleaning  1,405  1,489  Depreciation of plant and equipment - Note (a)  3,037  2,306  Depreciation of right-of-use assets - Note (b)  21,140  21,343  Directors' remuneration  1,020  1,020  Deposits paid for plant and equipment written-off  -  600  Exchange loss, net  -  28  Franchise and royalties  4,550  4,717  Insurance  834  749  Legal and professional fee  2,405  3,427  Loss on disposal and written off of plant and equipment, net  -  504  Marketing  1,897  1,554  Other staff costs - Note (c)  49,033  50,713  Repair and maintenance  1,548  1,594  Short-term lease expenses  6,013  8,417  Takeaway supplies  3,027  2,537  Utilities  2,550  2,203  Variable lease payment not included in the measurement of lease liabilities  3,720  5,437  Others  5,321  6,586  112,339  120,113   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) The total depreciation of plant and equipment charged for the year ended 31 March 2022 was approximately HK$3,452,000 (2021:  approximately  HK$3,248,000),  of  which,  approximately  HK$3,037,000  (2021:  approximately  HK$2,306,000)  and approximately  HK$415,000  (2021:  approximately  HK$942,000)  were  included  in  operating  expenses  and  cost  of  sales, respectively.
- (b) The total depreciation of right-of-use assets charged for the year ended 31 March 2022 was approximately HK$22,681,000 (2021: approximately HK$22,931,000), of which, approximately HK$21,140,000 (2021: approximately HK$21,343,000) and approximately HK$1,541,000 (2021: approximately HK$1,588,000) were included in operating expenses and cost of sales, respectively.
- (c) The total staff costs incurred for the year ended 31 March 2022 was approximately HK$62,899,000 (2021: approximately HK$63,777,000),  of  which,  approximately  HK$49,033,000  (2021:  approximately  HK$50,713,000)  and  approximately HK$13,866,000 (2021: approximately HK$13,064,000) were included in operating expenses and cost of sales, respectively.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (cont'd)

## Loss on disposal of subsidiaries

During  the  Reporting  Period,  as  the  pandemic  severely  impacted  the  cosmetic  industry  in  the  PRC,  the  sales  of freckle-removal and skin-whitening products of the Group recorded a weaker-than-expected financial performance. In view of the uncertain prospects of the cosmetic industry, the Group decided to dispose its stake in March 2022 and devote resources into other area such as oral health business to capture opportunities in the market. As a result of the disposal, the Group recorded a loss on disposal of subsidiaries of approximately HK$1.7 million.

## Impairment loss

The non-financial assets subject to the impairment assessment for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 were in relation to Mark Limited (together with its subsidiaries, the ' Mark Group '), which is a subsidiary of the Company and is primarily engaged in the operation of a restaurant, cafØs and cake shops in Hong Kong.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group has consolidated under-performing restaurants to further enhance the  structure  and  reduce  unnecessary  expenses.  The  management  of  the  Group  expected  that  the  cake  shop business,  which  was  the  Group's  main  source  of  revenue,  was  less  affected  by  the  social  distancing  measures. Based on the management's assessment, the corresponding recoverable amounts of certain plant and equipment, other  intangible  assets  and  right-of-use  assets  associated  to  Mark  Group  are  higher  than  the  carrying  amounts, indicating no impairment. No further impairments are recognized to write down the carrying amounts of these items of plant and equipment, other intangible assets and right-of-use assets.

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2021,  the  Group  has  consolidated  under-performing  restaurants  to  further enhance  the  structure  and  reduce  unnecessary  expenses.  The  management  of  the  Group  expected  that  the cake  shop  business,  which  was  the  Group's  main  source  of  revenue,  was  less  affected  by  the  social  distancing measures. Based on our estimation, the corresponding recoverable amounts of certain plant and equipment, other intangible assets and right-of-use assets are higher than the carrying amounts, indicating no impairment. No further impairments  were  recognized  to  write  down  the  carrying  amounts  of  these  items  of  plant  and  equipment,  other intangible assets and right-of-use assets.

The methods, basis and key assumptions used in determining the amount of the impairment loss for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 are set out in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (cont'd)

## Financial resources and liquidity

During the Reporting Period, the Group generally relied on internal funds, loans from the sole beneficial owner of the convertible bonds issued by the Company, loans from independent third party and fund raised from rights issue to finance its operation.

As at 31 March 2022, the Group's current assets amounted to approximately HK$81.4 million (2021: approximately HK$97.2  million)  of  which  approximately  HK$61.5  million  (2021:  approximately  HK$72.4  million)  was  cash  and bank  deposits,  approximately  HK$17.6  million  (2021:  approximately  HK$19.1  million)  was  debtors,  deposits  and prepayments.  The  Group's  current  liabilities  amounted  to  approximately  HK$172.8  million  (2021:  approximately HK$202.4  million),  including  creditors  and  accruals  in  the  amount  of  approximately  HK$151.4  million  (2021: approximately HK$144.6 million).

As at 31 March 2022, convertible bonds issued by the Company amounted to approximately HK$40 million (2021: approximately  HK$39.8  million).  On  13  August  2021,  the  Company  entered  into  the  third  supplemental  deed  with the  bondholder  pursuant  to  which  the  Company  and  the  bondholder  agreed  to  extend  the  maturity  date  of  the Convertible  Bond  (as  defined  in  the  announcement  of  the  Company  dated  13  August  2021)  for  36  months  from the date falling on the sixth anniversary of the date of issue of the convertible bonds, being 15 August 2021, to 15 August 2024. As such, the Convertible Bonds (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated 13 August 2021) amounting to approximately HK$40 million which will not mature within twelve months was classified as noncurrent liabilities as at 31 March 2022 while approximately HK$39.8 million was classified as current liabilities as at 31 March 2021.

The current ratio and quick assets ratio of the Group as at 31 March 2022 were 0.47 and 0.46 respectively (2021: 0.48 and 0.45 respectively). As the Group incurred net liabilities as at 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021, there is no debt-to-equity ratio, which is expressed as a ratio of total debts less cash and bank balances to total equity, to be calculated. The gearing ratio of the Group, which is calculated by dividing total liabilities (being non-current liabilities and current liabilities) over total assets (being non-current assets and current assets) as at the end of the year and multiplying by 100% was 193% (2021: 165%).

## Foreign exchange

During the years ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021, the Group conducted commercial transactions in the PRC denominated in Renminbi. Fluctuations in exchange rates of Renminbi against Hong Kong Dollar could affect the Group's results of operations.

During the Reporting Period, no hedging transactions or other exchange rate arrangements were made (2021: Nil).

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (cont'd)

## Charges on the Group's assets

No Group's assets had been pledged or charged as at 31 March 2022 (2021: Nil).

## Acquisition, disposal and significant investment held

The Group did not carry out significant acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries and associates or held any significant investment during the Reporting Period.

Save as disclosed in the section headed 'Use of Proceeds From the Rights Issue' on page 50 to 52 of this annual report,  the  Group  did  not  have  any  specific  future  plans  for  material  investments  or  capital  assets  as  at  31  March 2022.

## Capital commitments

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group's  outstanding  capital  commitments  were  approximately  HK$8,505,000  (2021: approximately HK$4,616,000).

## Contingent liabilities

As at 31 March 2022, the Group did not have material contingent liabilities (2021: Nil).

## Employees and remuneration policies

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group  had  198  full-time  employees  in  Hong  Kong  and  the  PRC  (2021:  231  full-time employees in Hong Kong and the PRC). The remuneration of employees of the Group is determined by reference to market terms and in accordance with the performance, qualification and experience of each individual employee. Discretionary bonuses, based on each individual's performance, are paid to employees as recognition and in reward of their contributions. Other fringe benefits such as medical subsidies, medical insurance, education/training subsidies and pension fund plans are offered to most employees. In prior years, share options were granted at the discretion of the Board under the terms and conditions of the new share option scheme adopted on 20 July 2012 as well as the previous share option scheme adopted on 26 February 2003. No share option was granted during the two years ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021 and as at these dates, there was no outstanding share option.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## SHARE CONSOLIDATION

On 11 January 2022, every eight (8) issued and unissued ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each in the share capital of the Company were consolidated into one (1) ordinary share of HK$0.08 each in the share capital of the Company and the authorized share capital of the Company became HK$50,000,000 divided into 625,000,000 shares of HK$0.08 each, of which 520,771,875 consolidated Shares are in issue (the ' Share Consolidation '). For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 3 December 2021 and the circular of the Company dated 21 December 2021.

## ADJUSTMENTS IN RELATION TO THE CONVERTIBLE BONDS

Reference is made to the Company's announcements dated 28 June 2012, 8 July 2015, 10 July 2015, 15 August 2018 and 13 August 2021 and the circulars of the Company dated 30 July 2012 and 25 July 2015 in relation to, among other  things,  the  issue  of  the  convertible  bonds  and  the  extension  of  the  maturity  date  of  the  convertible bonds.  Pursuant  to  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  convertible  bonds,  the  conversion  price  of  the  outstanding convertible bonds has been adjusted from the initial conversion price of HK$0.07 per conversion share to HK$0.56 per  conversion  share  as  a  result  of  the  Share  Consolidation.  There  will  be  71,428,571  consolidated  Shares  to  be issued  upon  the  full  conversion  of  the  aggregate  outstanding  convertible  bonds.  The  above  adjustment  to  the conversion price has been reviewed by PKF Hong Kong Limited, the auditor of the Company. The adjustment took effect on 11 January 2022.

Save  for  the  adjustments  above,  all  other  terms  and  conditions  of  the  outstanding  convertible  bonds  remain unchanged.

## USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE RIGHTS ISSUE

On 27 April 2017, the Company announced that it proposed to raise approximately HK$100 million, before expenses, by  allotting  and  issuing  1,388,725,000  rights  shares  (the  ' Rights  Shares ')  by  way  of  rights  issue  (the  ' Rights Issue ') at the subscription price of HK$0.072 per Rights Shares, on the basis of one (1) Rights Shares for every two (2) existing Shares held on 19 May 2017. Completion of the Rights Issue took place on 14 June 2017.

Among the net proceeds (the ' Net Proceeds ') of the Rights Issue of approximately HK$99 million, as at 31 March 2022,  approximately  HK$22.0  million,  HK$20.0  million,  HK$2.9  million  and  HK$18.5  million  have  been  used  as operation and expansion of the existing food and beverage business, the Company's corporate expenses, investment in e-cigarette business in the PRC and investment in medical and healthcare business respectively. As at 31 March 2022, approximately HK$35.6 million of the Net Proceeds remained unutilized and this remaining balance was kept in the Group's bank account. Set out below is the breakdown of the use of the Net Proceeds up to, and the balance thereof as at 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022:

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE RIGHTS ISSUE (cont'd)

## Summary of use of the Net Proceeds

| Original  allocation of the  Net Proceeds  Re-allocation  of the unutilized  amount as  disclosed in  the Company's  announcement  dated  6 November 2018  Re-allocation  of the unutilized  amount during  the year ended  31 March 2021  Actual amount  utilized up to  31 March 2021  Unutilized  balance as at  31 March 2021  Re-allocation  of the unutilized  amount during  the year ended  31 March 2022  Actual amount  utilized up to  31 March 2022  Unutilized  balance as at  31 March 2022  HK$ million  HK$ million  HK$ million  HK$ million  HK$ million  HK$ million  HK$ million  HK$ million  Operation and expansion of the existing food and  beverage business  29.0  -  -  (15.3)  13.7  -  (22.0)  7.0  Company's corporate expenses  20.0  -  -  (20.0)  -  -  (20.0)  -  Repayment of bank loans  15.0  (15.0)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Potential investment opportunities  35.0  -  (12.0)  -  23.0  -  -  23.0  Investment in, research and development,  sales and marketing of e-cigarette  in the PRC and overseas countries  -  15.0  (2.8)  (2.9)  9.3  (3.7)  (2.9)  5.6  Investment in medical and healthcare business  -  -  14.8  (14.8)  -  3.7  (18.5)  -  99.0  -  -  (53.0)  46.0  -  (63.4)  35.6   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  pursued  a  prudent  yet  efficient  network  expansion  strategy  and  up  to 31  March  2022,  Net  Proceeds  amounting  to  approximately  HK$22.0  million  had  been  utilized  for  operating  and expanding existing food and beverage business and the unutilized balance of approximately HK$7.0 million allocated for this purpose is expected to be fully utilized by 31 July 2023.

As at 31 March 2022, approximately HK$20.0 million has been used as the Company's corporate expenses.

As  disclosed  in  the  Company's  announcement  dated  6  November  2018,  the  Company  has  changed  the  original allocation of the Net Proceeds by reallocating HK$15.0 million of the Net Proceeds originally planned to be applied for  the  repayment  of  bank  loans  to  the  intended  investment  in  research  and  development,  sales  and  marketing of  e-cigarette  in  the  PRC  and  overseas  countries.  In  this  connection,  the  Company  plans  to  conduct  research  on the  use  of  new  ingredients  for  producing  e-cigarette  liquid  and  e-cigarette  cartridge,  purchase  production  lines  for manufacturing  e-cigarette,  and  market  and  sell  such  products  through  exploring  and  developing  a  sales  network, building a new e-cigarette brand, participating into trade fairs and seeking cooperation with external parties. Up to 31 March 2022, the Group utilized approximately HK$2.9 million of the Net Proceeds from the Rights Issue to invest in the e-cigarette business in the PRC, including setting up office and purchasing new equipment. And, approximately HK$6.5 million was reallocated to investment in the medical and healthcare business as set out below. The Group will remain mindful of the risks and assess the impact of external environment on the e-cigarette business. The remaining unutilized balance of approximately HK$5.6 million allocated for this purpose is expected to be fully utilized by 31 July 2024.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE RIGHTS ISSUE (cont'd)

## Summary of use of the Net Proceeds (cont'd)

In  recognition  of  the  growing  importance  of  medical  and  healthcare  services  and  products,  the  Group  strives  to grasp  the  prosperous  opportunities  in  the  domestic  market,  thereby  strengthening  its  core  competence  through broadening its revenue base. After thorough study and consideration, up to 31 March 2022, approximately HK$18.5 million in total, which represented by HK$6.5 million and HK$12.0 million of the Net Proceeds from the Rights Issue which were originally reserved for the e-cigarette business and potential investment opportunities respectively, was reallocated  and  utilized  to  invest  in  the  medical  and  healthcare  business  in  the  domestic  market,  including  brand building, office set-up, expert recruitment and product development.

The Group has been aiming to expand its existing food and beverage business and continued to identify suitable acquisition  targets  during  the  Reporting  Period.  However,  taking  into  account  the  uncertain  business  environment arising from the COVID-19 outbreak, the Group adopted a relatively prudent approach in such business expansion. In  order to weather the headwinds, the Group endeavored to explore potential acquisition opportunities in different markets  instead  of  only  focusing  on  the  negotiation  talk  with  a  Chinese  restaurant  chain  but  the  Group  had  not entered into any agreements nor memorandum of understanding for such type of acquisitions as at 31 March 2022. The  Net  Proceeds  for  potential  investment  opportunities  purpose  were  still  reserved  and  the  unutilized  balance  of approximately HK$23.0 million allocated for this purpose is expected to be fully utilized by 31 July 2024. The actual timeline  will  be  subject  to  the  availability  of  appropriate  acquisition  targets,  market  condition  and  time  required  for performing  due  diligence  work.  As  of  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Board  has  not  identified  any  suitable  acquisition target.

The Directors will constantly evaluate the Group's business objectives and may change or modify the plans against the  changing  market  condition  to  suit  the  business  growth  of  the  Group.  Further  announcement(s),  in  respect  of redeploying the allocation and use of Net Proceeds, if necessary, will be made in accordance with the requirements of the GEM Listing Rules as and when appropriate to update its shareholders and potential investors.

## EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

- (i) On 15 April 2022, the Group acquired the remaining 30% of the issued shares of 華胤（深圳） 生物有限公司 held by the non-controlling interests for a cash consideration of RMB100.
- (ii) On 14 June 2022, Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman, as a lender, who is also the sole beneficial owner of the Convertible Bonds issued by the Company, signed a memorandum of loans with a subsidiary of the Company, pursuant  to  which  repayment  date  of  a  loan  from  Mr.  Tang  with  an  outstanding  balance  of  approximately HK$104,119,000 as at 14 June 2022 was extended from 22 June 2022 to 22 June 2023 (the ' Extended Loan ').  The  Extended Loan bears the same term after the extension. The rest of the loan from Mr. Tang is interest-free, unsecured and is repayable on demand.

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## Mr. Huang Chao

Mr.  Huang  Chao  (formerly  known  as  Zhou  Zhe （周喆） ,  aged  34,  joined  the  Group  in  October  2018,  obtained  a bachelor's degree in Commerce - Professional Accounting from the Macquarie University in April 2012. Mr. Huang is also the compliance officer of the Company. He joined Shenzhen Oceania Printing Company Limited (' Shenzhen Oceania ') as a consultant in international market in July 2012 for a term of four years until July 2016, and started to gain access to and possessed knowledge and experience in the paper packaging industry when he joined Shenzhen Oceania. Mr. Huang was a non-executive Director of Beijing Enterprises Clean Energy Group Limited （北控清潔能源 集團有限公司） (formerly known as Jin Cai Holdings Company Limited （金彩控股有限公司） ） (stock code: 1250), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, from June 2013 to May 2015.

Mr. Huang is the son of Ms. Huang Li.

## Mr. Wu Xiaowen

Mr. Wu Xiaowen, aged 54, joined the Group in May 2019, has been the founding partner of Shenzhen Jiafa Equity Investment  Fund  Management  Co.  Ltd.* （深圳市加法股權投資基金管理有限公司） since  October  2016,  which  is carrying on business of equity investment and investment management. Mr. Wu had worked for Shenzhen Gaoxintou Group Co. Ltd.* （深圳市高新投集團有限公司） , a company carrying on guarantee business in China, from February 2002 until July 2014, and had been appointed as the deputy general manager during the employment period. Mr. Wu had been appointed as a member of Shenzhen Financial Standardization Expert Database* （深圳市金融標準專家庫） and Chief Commissioner of Internet Financial Professional Committee of Guangdong Internet Society* （廣東省互聯網 協會互聯網金融專業委員會） in 2015, respectively.

Mr.  Wu  graduated  from  East  China  Chemical  Engineering  College* （華東化工學院） (now  known  as  East  China University  of  Science  and  Technology （華東理工大學） ） in  July  1989  with  a  bachelor's  degree  in  Chemical Engineering. He was awarded the diploma in Business and Administration in Finance in May 1999 and obtained a master's degree of Business Studies in Finance in May 2000 from Massey University, New Zealand.

## Directors and Senior Management

## Directors and Senior Management

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael

Mr.  Chan  Yee  Ping  Michael,  aged  45,  joined  the  Group  in  November  2016.  Mr.  Michael  Chan  has  more  than  20 years  of  experience  in  the  areas  of  audit,  financial  management,  corporate  secretarial  management  and  corporate governance.  He  graduated  from  The  Hong  Kong  Polytechnic  University  with  an  honour  bachelor's  degree  in accountancy. He was admitted as a certified public accountant and a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified  Public  Accountants in October 2003 and July 2017 respectively, and a fellow member of the Association of  Chartered  Certified  Accountants  in  June  2009.  He  is  currently  a  director  of  MCI  CPA  Limited,  a  certified  public accountant firm in Hong Kong. He is currently serving as independent non-executive directors for three companies whose shares  are  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange,  namely  China  Sandi  Holdings  Limited  (Stock Code:  910)  since  July  2014  and  Beijing  Media  Corporation  Limited （北青傳媒股份有限公司） (Stock  Code:  1000) since June 2020. He also acts as a company secretary of China Sunshine Paper Holdings Company Limited （中國 陽光紙業控股有限公司） (stock  code:  2002)  which  is  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange  since  2013 and Northeast Electric Development Co., Limited （東北電氣發展股份有限公司） (stock code: 42), a joint stock limited company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, since 2012.

He  served  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  Prosper  One  International  Holdings  Company  Limited （富 一國際控股有限公司） (formerly  known  as  Tic  Tac  International  Holdings  Company  Limited （滴達國際控股有限公 司） ） (stock code: 01470) from September 2017 to December 2018, Champion Alliance International Holdings Limited （冠均國際控股有限公司） (formerly  known  as  Mengke  Holdings  Limited （盟科控股） ） (stock  code:  01629)  from November 2018 to February 2021 and China Wah Yan Healthcare Limited （中國華仁醫療有限公司） (formerly known as China Renji Medical Group Limited （中國仁濟醫療集團） ） (Stock Code: 648) from July 2014 to May 2022, whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

## Mr. Yang Haiyu

Mr. Yang Haiyu, aged 60, joined the group in December 2020. Mr. Yang obtained a bachelor's degree in Engineering from China University of Mining and Technology （中國礦業大學） in July 1982, a master's degree in Engineering from the South China University of Technology （華南理工大學） in  June 1987 and a doctorate in Economics from Hunan University （湖南大學） in June 2005. He has been teaching at the School of Economics and Management in Changsha University of Science and Technology （長沙理工大學） since April 2005 and has been a professor of Economics in the same university since October 2007. From April 2011 to February 2018, he served as an independent director of LBX Pharmacy Chain Joint Stock Company (stock code: 603883), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange since April 2015.

## Directors and Senior Management

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS (cont'd)

## Mr. Zeng Shiquan

Mr. Zeng Shiquan, aged 75, joined the Group in March 2018. Mr. Zeng graduated from the department of economics of Wuhan University （武漢大學） in July 1970. He graduated from Sun Yat-sen University （中山大學） as a postgraduate in  political  economy  in  December  1981.  He  was  accredited  as  a  senior  economist  by 深圳市職稱改革領導小 組 (Shenzhen  City  Job  Title  Reform  Leadership  Unit*)  in  February  1993.  Mr.  Zeng  passed  the  Training  Course  for Independent Directors of Listed Companies （上市公司獨立董事培訓班） jointly held by The Securities Association of China （中國證券業協會） and the School of Management, Fudan University （復旦大學管理學院） in July 2003.

From  November  2013  to  July  2017,  Mr.  Zeng  has  been  appointed  as  an  independent  director  of  Shenzhen Kedali  Industry  Co.,  Ltd. （深圳市科達利實業股份有限公司） ,  whose  shares  are  listed  on  the  Shenzhen  Stock Exchange (Shenzhen Exchange stock code: 002850). From June 2013 to May 2015, Mr. Zeng was appointed as an  independent  non-executive  director  of  Beijing  Enterprises  Clean  Energy  Group  Limited （北控清潔能源集團有 限公司） (formerly  known  as  Jin  Cai  Holdings  Company  Limited （金彩控股有限公司） ） ,  whose  shares  are  listed  on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange (Stock code: 01250). From January 2016 to February 2016, Mr. Zeng was appointed as an independent non-executive director of Aurum Pacific (China) Group Limited （奧栢中國集團有限公 司） , whose shares are listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange (Stock code: 08148). Mr. Zeng has been appointed as an  independent  non-executive  director  of  Tourism  International  Holdings  Limited （旅業國際控股有限公司） (formerly known as Jia Yao Holdings Limited （嘉耀控股有限公司） , shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 01626).

* for identification purposes only

## Directors and Senior Management

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Ms. Lam Kit Yan

Ms.  Lam  Kit  Yan,  aged  47,  joined  the  Group  in  2016.  She  is  the  company  secretary  and  chief  financial  officer  of the Company, responsible for compliance matters of the Company and financial management of the Group. She is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a certified tax adviser and is a fellow member of The Taxation Institute of Hong Kong. She obtained a bachelor's degree in business administration from The  Chinese  University  of  Hong  Kong  and  has  worked  for  international  audit  firms  and  various  companies  with extensive experience in financial reporting, auditing, mergers and acquisitions, compliance and initial public offerings. She  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  Lapco  Holdings  Limited （立高控股有限公司） , shares of which are listed on GEM Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 08472) on 18 July 2017. She had been the company secretary, chief financial officer and the authorized representative of Beijing Enterprises Clean Energy Group Limited （北控清潔能源集團有限公司） (formerly  known as Jin Cai Holdings Company Limited （金彩控股有限 公司） ） (stock code: 1250) the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange from June 2013 to May 2015. From January 2016 to February 2016, Ms. Lam has been appointed as an executive director and company  secretary  of  Aurum  Pacific  (China)  Group  Limited （奧栢中國集團有限公司） (Stock  code:  08148),  whose shares are listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange.

## Mr. Lam Yiu Chung Billy

Mr. Lam Yiu Chung Billy, aged 53, joined the Group in 2010. He is responsible for the operation of overseas business and development as well as the operation and development of Japanese food service of the Group. Prior to joining the Group, he has acquired substantial experience in the operation and management of hospitality industry especially in franchise operations and development. Mr. Lam holds a Higher Diploma in Hotel and Catering Management from The Hong Kong Polytechnic.

## Directors' Report

The Directors are pleased to present to the shareholders their annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW

The principal activity of the Company during the year ended 31 March 2022 was investment holding and those of the subsidiaries are set out in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. The principal activities of the Group are provision of food and beverage services.

Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance, including a description of the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group and an indication of likely future development in  the  Group's business can be found in the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis' on pages 40 to  52  of  this  annual  report.  A  description  of  the  Group's  corporate  governance  and  the  Group's  risk  management and internal control systems is provided in the section headed 'Corporate Governance Report' on pages 7 to 20 of this  annual  report.  A  discussion  on  the  Group's  environmental  policies,  relationships  with  its  key  stakeholders  and the  relevant  laws  and  regulations  that  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  Group  are  provided  in  the  section  headed 'Environmental, Social and Governance Report' on pages 21 to 39 of this annual report. This discussion forms part of this Directors' report.

## RESULTS AND DIVIDEND

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 and the financial position of the Group as at that date are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages 72 to 148.

The Directors do not recommend the payment of any dividend in respect of the Reporting Period.

## Directors' Report

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company has adopted a dividend policy (' Dividend Policy '), pursuant to which the Company may declare and distribute dividends to the shareholders of the Company to allow them to share the Company's profits and for the Company to retain adequate reserves for future growth.

The  recommendation  of  the  payment  of  any  dividend  is  subject  to  the  absolute  discretion  of  the  Board,  and  any declaration  of  final  dividend  will  be  subject  to  the  approval  of  the  shareholders  of  the  Company.  In  proposing  any dividend payout, the Board shall also take into account, inter alia, the Group's financial results, the general financial condition  of  the  Group,  the  Group's  current  and  future  operations,  the  level  of  the  Group's  debts  to  equity  ratio, return on equity and the relevant financial covenants, liquidity position and capital requirement of the Group, surplus received from the Company's subsidiaries and any other factors that the Board deems appropriate. The Company's ability to pay dividends is also subject to any restrictions under the Cayman Islands laws, any applicable laws, rules and regulations and the Company's articles of association. The Board will continually review the Dividend Policy and reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to update, amend and/or modify the Dividend Policy at any time, and the Dividend Policy shall in no way constitute a legally binding commitment by the Company that dividends will be paid in any particular amount and/or in no way obligate the Company to declare a dividend at any time or from time to time.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

The summary of the results of the Group for each of the five years ended 31 March 2022 and the assets and liabilities of  the  Group as at 31 March 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 are set out on pages 149 to 150. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.

## PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

The  Group  purchased  and  disposed  of  plant  and  equipment  in  the  amount  of  approximately  HK$4,164,000  and approximately HK$3,726,000, respectively, during the Reporting Period. Detailed movements in plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.

## SHARE CAPITAL

On 11 January 2022, every eight (8) issued and unissued ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each in the share capital of the Company were consolidated into one (1) ordinary share of HK$0.08 each in the share capital of the Company and the authorized share capital of the Company became HK$50,000,000 divided into 625,000,000 shares of HK$0.08 each, of which 520,771,875 consolidated Shares are in issue (the ' Share Consolidation '). For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 3 December 2021 and the circular of the Company dated 21 December 2021.

Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 25(a) to the consolidated financial statements.

## CONVERTIBLE BONDS

Details of the convertible bonds are set out in note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.

## RESERVES

Details  of  movements  in  reserves  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  during  the  year  are  set  out  in  the  consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 76 and note 26 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

As at 31 March 2022, the Company's reserves that are available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, amounted to HK$Nil (2021: HK$Nil).

## CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

No contract of significance had been entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and the controlling shareholders during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director of the Company had a material interest subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Company had not entered into any connected transaction or continuing connected transaction which is required to be disclosed under Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## Directors' Report

## Directors' Report

## DIRECTORS AND DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

The Directors of the Company who held office during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report were:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Huang Chao (Chairman) Mr. Wu Xiaowen

## Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael Mr. Zeng Shiquan Mr. Yang Haiyu

In accordance with the articles of association of the Company, any Director appointed to fill a casual vacancy on the Board or as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company. And in accordance with the articles and association of the Company and the GEM Listing Rules, at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation and every director, including those appointed for a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. As such, Mr. Huang Chao and Mr. Zeng Shiquan shall all be subject to retirement by rotation and, being eligible, shall offer themselves for re-election at the annual general meeting of the Company.

The term of independent non-executive directorships of Mr. Chan Yee Ping Michael, Mr. Zeng Shiquan and Mr. Yang Haiyu in respective of their letter of re-appointment is one year from 8 November 2021 to 7 November 2022, one year from 28 March 2022 to 27 March 2023, and one year from 11 December 2021 to 10 December 2022, respectively unless terminated by either party giving to the other not less than one month's notice in writing.

The executive  Directors,  Mr.  Huang  Chao  and  Mr.  Wu  Xiaowen,  had  entered  into  service  contracts  to  renew  their appointment for another one year commencing from 10 October 2021 and 21 May 2022 respectively and renewable thereafter subject to compliance with relevant laws and regulations including the GEM Listing Rules. The said service contracts may be terminated by either party thereto at any time by giving the other party not less than one month's written notice.

Apart from the foregoing, no Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has signed service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment other than statutory compensation.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed his independence to the Company pursuant to Rule 5.09  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  as  at  31  March  2022  and  the  Company  considers  the  independent  non-executive Directors to be independent.

## Directors' Report

## DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S BIOGRAPHIES

Biographical  details  of  the  Directors  and  the  senior  management  of  the  Group  are  set  out  in  the  section  headed 'Directors and Senior Management' on pages 53 to 56 of this annual report.

## SHARE OPTIONS

The Company adopted a share option scheme on 26 February 2003 (' Old Share Option Scheme ')  and  a  share option  scheme  on  20  July  2012  (' New Share  Option  Scheme ')  (collectively  referred  to  as  ' the  Share  Option Schemes ').  The  Old  Share  Option  Scheme  was  terminated  on  the  date  when  the  New  Share  Option  Scheme came into effect, while the provisions of the Old Share Option Scheme shall remain in force and all existing options granted under the Old Share Option Scheme prior to such termination shall continue to be valid and exercisable in accordance therewith. The details of the Share Option Schemes are as follows:

## Share Option Schemes

The  purpose  of  the  Share  Option  Schemes  is  to  provide  the  participants  with  an  opportunity  to  acquire  equity interests  in  the  Company,  thus  providing  them  with  an  incentive  to  continue  contributing  to  the  success  of  the Company.

Subject  to  the  terms  of  the  Share  Option  Schemes,  the  committee  (the  ' Committee ')  which  was  authorized  and charged by the Board with the administration of the Share Option Schemes may, at any time, offer to grant to any employee, agent, consultant or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, including any executive or non-executive director of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company who, the Committee may determine in its absolute discretion, has made valuable contribution to the business of the Group based on his or her performance and/or  years  of  service,  or  is  regarded  as  valuable  human  resources  of  the  Group  based  on  his  or  her  work experience, knowledge in the industry and other relevant factors, options (the ' Share Options ') to subscribe for such number of shares as the Committee may determine at the exercise price.

The  maximum  number  of  shares  to  be  issued  in  respect  of  which  options  may  be  granted  (together  with  shares in  respect  of  which  options  are  then  outstanding  under  the  Share  Option  Schemes  or  any  other  schemes  of  the Company) under the Share Option Schemes shall not exceed such number of shares as shall represent 30% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time.

The maximum entitlement for any one participant (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) granted or to be granted in any twelve months period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of shares in issue, provided that options may be issued in excess of such limit if the new grant exceeding 1% of the total number of shares in issue shall have been approved by shareholders of the Company in a general meeting at which the proposed grantee and his associates shall have abstained from voting.

## Directors' Report

## SHARE OPTIONS (cont'd)

## Share Option Schemes (cont'd)

Options may be exercised in whole or in part in the manner provided in the Share Option Schemes by a grantee (or, as the case may be, by his or her legal personal representative) giving notice in writing to the Company after it has vested at any time during the period (the ' Option Period '), which shall not be more than ten years from the date an option is offered (the ' Offer Date ').  No performance target is required to be reached by the participant before any option can be exercised.

A sum of HK$1 is payable by the participant on acceptance of the option offer.

The exercise price for the shares (the ' Exercise Price ') in relation to options to be granted under the Share Option Schemes shall be determined by the Committee and notified to a participant and shall be at least the higher of:

- (i) the closing price of the shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange on the Offer Date; and
- (ii) the average closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotation sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the Offer Date,

provided that the Exercise Price shall not be lower than the nominal value of the shares.

No share option was granted during the year ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021. And as at 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022, there was no outstanding share option.

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY

As  at  31  March  2022,  so  far  as  the  Directors  were  aware,  none  of  the  Directors  and  the  chief  executives  of  the Company had any interest or short position in any Shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) (i) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (ii) which were required, pursuant  to  section  352  of  the  SFO,  to  be  entered  in  the  register  referred  to  therein;  or  (iii)  which  were  required, pursuant to Rule 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' AND OTHER PERSONS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at 31 March 2022, according to the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, so far as the Directors were aware, the following persons (other than the Directors whose interests are disclosed above) had, or were deemed or taken to have, an interest or a short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which was recorded in the register required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO:

## Long positions in Shares

| Name of shareholders  Capacity in which  interests were held  Number of  Shares held  Number of  underlying  shares held  Total number  of Shares and  underlying shares  Approximate  percentage of  interest in  issued capital  (Note 4)  %  Oceanic Fortress Holdings Limited  (Note 1)  Beneficial owner  296,887,066  -  296,887,066  57.01  Ms. Huang Li (Note 1)  Interest of corporation controlled  by Ms. Huang Li  296,887,066  -  296,887,066  57.01  Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman (Note 2)  Beneficial owner  -  71,428,571  71,428,571  13.72  Ms. Ho Ming Yee (Note 3)  Interest of a substantial  shareholder's spouse  -  71,428,571  71,428,571  13.72   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (1) The ordinary Shares are held by Oceanic Fortress Holdings Limited, the entire issued shares of which are owned by Ms. Huang Li.
- (2) Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman holds the convertible bonds in respect of the outstanding principal amount of HK$40,000,000, under which a total of 71,428,571 ordinary Shares would be issued upon full exercise of the conversion rights attaching thereto.  Upon  full  conversion  of  the  convertible  bonds,  Mr.  Tang  Sing  Ming  Sherman  would  hold  71,428,571  ordinary Shares, representing approximately 13.72% of the issued share capital of the Company as at 31 March 2022.
- (3) Ms. Ho Ming Yee is the spouse of Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman, and is therefore deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares held by Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman.

(4) Based on 520,771,875 ordinary Shares of the Company in issue as at 31 March 2022.

## Directors' Report

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' AND OTHER PERSONS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY (cont'd)

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2022, so far as the Directors were aware, the Directors were not aware of any person (other than the Directors whose interests are disclosed above) who had an interest or a short position in  the  shares  and  underlying  shares  of  the  Company  which  would  fall  to  be  disclosed  to  the  Company  under  the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or who was, directly or indirectly, interested in 10% or more of the issued voting shares of any other member of the Group or had any options in respect of such capital.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this report, the Company has maintained sufficient public float under the GEM Listing Rules.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Article  167(1)  of  the  articles  of  association  of  the  Company  provides  that  every  Director  shall  be  indemnified  and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they or any of them, their or any of their heirs, executors or administrators, shall or may incur  or  sustain  by  or  by  reason  of  any  act  done,  concurred  in  or  omitted  in  or  about  the  execution  of  their duty, or supposed duty, in their respective offices or trusts. A Directors' Liability Insurance is in place to protect the Directors against potential costs and liabilities arising from claims brought against the Directors.

## COMPETING INTERESTS

As at 31 March 2022, none of the Directors, the controlling shareholders of the Company or their respective close associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) had any interests in any business which competed with or might compete with the business of the Group or had any other conflicts of interest with the Group.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

For  the  Reporting  Period,  the  aggregate  amounts  of  revenue  attributable  to  the  Group's  five  largest  customers was less than 30% (2021: less than 30%) of the Group's total revenue. And, the aggregate amounts of purchases attributable  to  the  Group's  five  largest  suppliers  accounted  for  approximately  54%  (2021:  approximately  44%) and  our  single  largest  supplier  accounted  for  approximately  20%  (2021:  approximately  18%)  of  the  Group's  total purchases.

None of  the  Directors,  their  close  associates  or  any  shareholder  of  the  Company  (which  to  the  knowledge  of  the Directors owns more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) has any interest in the Group's five largest suppliers or customers during the Reporting Period.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of any business of the Group were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company's listed securities.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for the pre-emptive rights under the Company's articles of association, or the laws of the Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.

## EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Details of the significant events of the Group after the Reporting Period are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial  statement  and  section  headed  'Management  Discussion  and  Analysis'  on  pages  40  to  52  of  this  annual report.

## AUDITOR

A resolution to re-appoint the retiring auditor, PKF Hong Kong Limited, is to be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting. There has been no change in auditor of the Company in any of the preceding 3 years.

On behalf of the Board

## Huang Chao

Chairman

Hong Kong, 24 June 2022

## Directors' Report

## Independent Auditor's Report

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF STARGLORY HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED

(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of StarGlory Holdings Company Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 'Group') set out on pages 72 to 148, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement  of  comprehensive  income,  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity  and  consolidated  statement  of cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  a  summary  of significant accounting policies.

In  our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the Group's consolidated financial position  as  at  31  March  2022,  and  of  its  consolidated  financial  performance  and  its  consolidated  cash  flows  for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRSs') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the HKICPA. Our  responsibilities  under  those  standards  are  further  described  in  the  'Auditor's  responsibilities  for  the  audit  of the consolidated financial statements' section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the  HKICPA's  Code  of  Ethics  for  Professional  Accountants  (the  'Code'),  and  we  have  fulfilled  our  other  ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

<!-- image -->

## Independent Auditor's Report

## MATERIAL UNCERTAINTY RELATED TO GOING CONCERN

We draw attention to Note 2(d) to the consolidated financial statements which indicates that as at 31 March 2022, the  Group  had  net  current  liabilities  and  net  liabilities  of  HK$91,345,000  and  HK$106,455,000  respectively.  These conditions, along with other matters as set forth in Note 2(d) to the consolidated financial statements, indicate the existence of a material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt about the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial  statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of  the  consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

In  addition  to  the  matter  described in the  'Material uncertainty related to going concern' section of our report, we have determined to communicate in our report the following key audit matters for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## Impairment assessment of plant and equipment, other intangible assets and right-of-use assets

The  Group's  impairment  assessment  of  plant  and  equipment,  other  intangible  assets  and  right-of-use  assets disclosed in Notes 3(e), 3(f), 3(g), 3(j), 3(x)(ii), 11, 14 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements were determined to  be  key  audit  matters  due  to  the  management's assessment of the value in use of the Group's cash-generating units ('CGUs') involved significant judgements and estimates about the future results and key assumptions.

Our procedures performed to address the matter included, amongst others:

- Obtain an understanding of the Group's procedures and method of estimation, including any control activities applied, significant assumptions made and management's assessment of estimation uncertainty;
- Evaluate the competence, independence and works performed by experts engaged by the management to assess their estimation;
- Evaluate the composition of the Group's future cash flows forecasts in the CGUs;
- Evaluate whether the method of estimation and assumptions made are appropriate;
- Test the data used by the management in the estimation;
- Re-calculate the estimation made by the management;
- Review outcome of estimation made in prior period and management's judgements and decisions for possible management bias;

## Independent Auditor's Report

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (cont'd)

Impairment assessment of plant and equipment, other intangible assets and right-of-use assets (cont'd)

- Evaluate the adequacy of the sensitivity calculations over the CGUs;
- Review subsequent events relevant to the estimation; and
- Evaluate the disclosure made by management.

## OTHER INFORMATION

The  Directors  are  responsible  for  the  other  information  which  comprises  the  information  included  in  the  Group's annual report for the year ended 31 March 2022, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is  materially  inconsistent  with  the  consolidated  financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Independent Auditor's Report

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a  true  and  fair  view  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  HKICPA  and  are  in  compliance  with  the  disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis  of  accounting  unless  the  Directors  either  intend  to  liquidate  the  Group  or  to  cease  operations,  or  have  no realistic alternative but to do so.

The  Directors  are  assisted  by  the  Audit  Committee  in  discharging  their  responsibilities  for  overseeing  the  Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

## Independent Auditor's Report

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (cont'd)

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  HKSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgement  and  maintain  professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:-

- -Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- -Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- -Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors.
- -Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on  the  audit  evidence  obtained,  whether  a  material  uncertainty  exists  related  to  events  or  conditions  that may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  If  we  conclude  that  a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  or,  if  such  disclosures  are  inadequate,  to  modify  our  opinion.  Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- -Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- -Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

## Independent Auditor's Report

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (cont'd)

We also  provide  the  Audit  Committee  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical  requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From  the  matters  communicated  with  the  Audit  Committee,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of  most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulations preclude public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The  engagement  director  on  the  audit  resulting  in  this  independent  auditor's  report  is  Leong  Ting  Kwok  David (Practising Certificate Number: P03654).

## PKF Hong Kong Limited

Certified Public Accountants Hong Kong, 24 June 2022

## Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  4  171,884  187,875  Cost of sales  (76,576)  (79,557)  Gross profit  95,308  108,318  Other income  5  3,348  18,533  (Loss)/gain on disposal of subsidiaries  30  (1,699)  1,893  Operating expenses  (112,339)  (120,113)  Operating (loss)/profit  (15,382)  8,631  Finance costs  6(a)  (5,554)  (5,780)  (Loss)/profit before income tax  6  (20,936)  2,851  Income tax credit/(expense)  8(a)  248  (436)  (Loss)/profit for the year  (20,688)  2,415  (Loss)/profit for the year attributable to:-  Owners of the Company  (19,810)  2,521  Non-controlling interests  (878)  (106)  (20,688)  2,415  (Restated)  (Loss)/earnings per share (HK cents)  10  - Basic  (3.80)  0.48  - Diluted  (3.80)  0.48   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 79 to 148 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss)/profit for the year  (20,688)  2,415  Other comprehensive (loss)/income:-  Item that may be subsequently reclassified to  profit or loss:-  Exchange loss arising from translation of financial  statements of foreign operations  (831)  (1,095)  Release of exchange reserve upon disposal of subsidiaries  19  1,671  Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax  (812)  576  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year  (21,500)  2,991  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year  attributable to:-  Owners of the Company  (20,613)  3,097  Non-controlling interests  (887)  (106)  (21,500)  2,991   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 79 to 148 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

As at 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Plant and equipment  11  5,759  5,258  Goodwill  13  -  -  Other intangible assets  14  6,614  7,228  Right-of-use assets  15  21,281  20,120  Deposits paid for plant and equipment  -  21  33,654  32,627  CURRENT ASSETS  Inventories  18  2,152  5,712  Debtors, deposits and prepayments  19  17,582  19,130  Income tax recoverable  200  -  Time deposits  20  10,000  -  Cash and cash equivalents  20  51,474  72,369  81,408  97,211  DEDUCT:-  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Creditors and accruals  21  151,411  144,615  Contract liabilities  22  1,005  807  Lease liabilities  23  20,337  16,826  Convertible bonds  24  -  39,771  Income tax payable  -  410  172,753  202,429  NET CURRENT LIABILITIES  (91,345)  (105,218)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

As at 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  (57,691)  (72,591)  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Creditors and accruals  21  257  519  Lease liabilities  23  8,002  10,725  Deferred tax liabilities  17  505  753  Convertible bonds  24  40,000  -  48,764  11,997  NET LIABILITIES  (106,455)  (84,588)  REPRESENTING:-  EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY  Share capital  25  41,662  41,662  Reserves  26  (146,863)  (126,250)  (105,201)  (84,588)  NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS  (1,254)  -  TOTAL EQUITY  (106,455)  (84,588)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 79 to 148 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

Approved and authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on 24 June 2022 and are signed on its behalf by

| Huang Chao  Wu Xiaowen  Director  Director   |
|----------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Attributable to owners of the Company  Share  capital  Accumulated  losses  Share  premium  Special  reserve  Exchange  reserve  Convertible  bonds  equity  reserve  Other  reserve  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1.4.2020  41,662  (392,996)  258,889  3,801  (448)  1,390  (143)  (87,845)  (330)  (88,175)  Disposal of subsidiaries - Note 30  -  -  -  -  -  -  160  160  436  596  Total comprehensive income  Profit for the year  -  2,521  -  -  -  -  -  2,521  (106)  2,415  Other comprehensive income:-  Exchange loss arising from translation of financial  statements of foreign operations  -  -  -  -  (1,095)  -  -  (1,095)  -  (1,095)  Release of exchange reserve upon disposal  of  subsidiaries - Note 30  -  -  -  -  1,671  -  -  1,671  -  1,671  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  2,521  -  -  576  -  -  3,097  (106)  2,991  At 31.3.2021 and 1.4.2021  41,662  (390,475)  258,889  3,801  128  1,390  17  (84,588)  -  (84,588)  Acquisition of subsidiaries - Note 29  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (802)  (802)  Disposal of subsidiaries - Note 30  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  435  435  Total comprehensive income  Loss for the year  -  (19,810)  -  -  -  -  -  (19,810)  (878)  (20,688)  Other comprehensive loss:-  Exchange loss arising from translation of financial  statements of foreign operations  -  -  -  -  (822)  -  -  (822)  (9)  (831)  Release of exchange reserve upon disposal of  subsidiaries - Note 30  -  -  -  -  19  -  -  19  -  19  Total comprehensive loss for the year  -  (19,810)  -  -  (803)  -  -  (20,613)  (887)  (21,500)  At 31.3.2022  41,662  (410,285)  258,889  3,801  (675)  1,390  17  (105,201)  (1,254)  (106,455)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 79 to 148 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  (Loss)/profit before income tax  (20,936)  2,851  Adjustments for:-  Exchange (gain)/loss, net  (16)  28  Loss/(gain) on disposal of subsidiaries  1,699  (1,893)  Interest income  (148)  (456)  (Reversal of provision)/provision of reinstatement costs  (164)  14  Interest expenses on other loans  1,359  1,393  Interest expense on convertible bonds  800  800  Imputed interest expense on convertible bonds  229  384  Interest expenses on lease liabilities  1,043  1,217  Depreciation of plant and equipment  3,452  3,248  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  22,681  22,931  (Gain)/loss on disposal and written off of  plant and equipment, net  (143)  504  Amortization of other intangible assets  753  772  Deposits paid for plant and equipment written-off  -  600  Gain on lease modification  -  (163)  Operating profit before working capital changes  10,609  32,230  Decrease/(increase) in inventories  909  (3,445)  Decrease/(increase) in debtors, deposits and prepayments  1,873  (947)  (Decrease)/increase in creditors and accruals  (2,656)  1,993  Increase in contract liabilities  198  37  Cash generated from operations  10,933  29,868  Income tax paid  (610)  -  Interest received  148  456  NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  10,471  30,324   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Payment for purchase of plant and equipment  (4,143)  (4,752)  Sales proceeds from disposal of plant and equipment  423  106  Payment for acquisition of other intangible assets  (139)  (184)  Payment for acquisition of right-of-use assets  (181)  (51)  Net cash inflow arising from acquisition of subsidiaries  29  443  -  Net cash (outflow)/inflow arising on disposal of subsidiaries  30  (579)  756  Placement of time deposit  (10,000)  -  NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES  (14,176)  (4,125)  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Increase/(decrease) in other loans  7,087  (9,388)  Interests paid on other loans  (800)  (4,140)  Capital element of lease liabilities paid  (22,874)  (22,080)  Interest element of lease liabilities paid  (1,043)  (1,217)  NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES  (17,630)  (36,825)  NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (21,335)  (10,626)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  AS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR  72,369  82,552  EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATES CHANGES  440  443  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  AS AT THE END OF THE YEAR  20  51,474  72,369  ANALYSIS OF THE BALANCES OF CASH  AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  Cash and bank balances  36,474  37,369  Time deposits with original maturity of less than 3 months  15,000  35,000  51,474  72,369  2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 79 to 148 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

StarGlory  Holdings  Company  Limited  (the  ' Company ')  was  incorporated  in  the  Cayman  Islands  on  13 November  2001  as  an  exempted  company  with  limited  liability  under  the  Companies  Law,  Cap.  22  (Law 3  of  1961,  as  consolidated  and  revised)  of  the  Cayman  Islands.  The  principal  place  of  its  business  is  6/F., Southland  Building,  48  Connaught  Road  Central,  Central,  Hong  Kong.  The  Company  and  its  subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the ' Group ') are principally engaged in the provision of food and beverage services. The  ultimate  controlling  party  of  the  Group  as  at  31  March  2022  was  Ms.  Huang  Li  (' Ms.  Huang '  or  the ' Controlling Shareholder ').

The Company is listed on GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange ').

## 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION

## (a) Compliance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards

These  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  all  applicable Hong Kong Financial  Reporting  Standards  (' HKFRSs '),  which  collective  term  includes  all  applicable individual  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards  (' HKFRS '),  Hong  Kong  Accounting  Standards (' HKASs ') and Interpretations (' HK(IFRIC) - Int ') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (' HKICPA '),  accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These consolidated financial statements also comply with  the  applicable  disclosure  provisions  of  the  Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' GEM Listing Rules ').

## (b) Initial application of HKFRSs

In the current year, the Group initially applied the following amendments to HKFRSs:-

Amendments to HKFRS 16

Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions

Amendments to HKFRS 16

Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2

Amendments to HKFRS 9,

HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16

Except as described below, the application of the above amendments to HKFRS in the current year has had no material impact on the Group's financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

Amendments to HKFRS 16

Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021

The  amendment  extends  the  availability  of  the  practical  expedient  in  paragraph  46A  of  HKFRS  16 Leases (' HKFRS 16 ') by one year so that the practical expedient applies to rent concessions for which any  reduction  in  lease  payments  affects  only  payments  originally  due  on  or  before  30  June  2022, provided the other conditions for applying the practical expedient are met.

The application of this amendment has had no material impact on the Group's financial positions and performance for the current and prior years.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION (cont'd)

## (c) HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

The  following  new  and  amendments  to  HKFRSs  in  issue  at  31  March  2022  have  not  been  applied in  the preparation of these consolidated financial statements since they were not yet effective for the annual period beginning on 1 April 2021:-

| HKFRS 17  Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments 2  Amendments to HKFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework 1  Amendments to HKFRS 10  and HKAS 28  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its  Associate or Joint Venture 3  Amendments to HKAS 1  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and  related Amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5  (2020) 2  Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS  Practice Statement 2  Disclosure of Accounting Policies 2  Amendments to HKAS 8  Definition of Accounting Estimates 2  Amendments to HKAS 12  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a  Single Transaction 2  Amendments to HKAS 16  Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before  Intended Use 1  Amendments to HKAS 37  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fullfiling a contract 1  Amendments to HKFRSs  Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018 - 2020 1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022

2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023

3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined

The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these HKFRSs is expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## (d) Adoption of the going concern basis

When  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going concern  has  been  assessed.  These  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  by  the Directors  on  a  going  concern  basis  notwithstanding  that  as  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group  had  net current  liabilities  and  net  liabilities  of  HK$91,345,000  and  HK$106,455,000  respectively  as  the Directors considered that:-

- (1) Ms. Huang, being the sole beneficial owner and director of the ultimate holding company of the Group, will provide continuing financial support to the Group; and
- (2) On 14 June 2022, Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman, as a lender, who is also the sole beneficial owner  of  the  convertible  bonds  (" Convertible  Bonds ")  issued  by  the  Company,  signed  a memorandum of loans with a subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which repayment date of  a  loan  from  Mr.  Tang  with  an  outstanding  balance  of  approximately  HK$104,119,000  as at  14  June  2022  was  extended  (the  " Extension ")  from  22  June  2022  to  22  June  2023  (the ' Extended Loan '). The Extended Loan bears the same term after the Extension. The rest of the loan from Mr. Tang is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. Details of other loans and the Extension are set out in Notes 21 and 37(b) to the consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION (cont'd)

## (d) Adoption of the going concern basis (cont'd)

After  taking  into  consideration  of  the  above  factors  and  funds  expected  to  be  generated  internally based on the Directors' estimation on the future cash flows of the Group, the Directors are satisfied that the Group will have sufficient financial resources to meet its financial obligations as they fall due in  the  foreseeable  future  and  consider  that  it  is  appropriate  for  the  consolidated  financial  statements to be prepared on a going concern basis since there are no material uncertainties related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Group's ability to continue as a going concern.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## (a) Measurement basis

The consolidated financial statements are prepared under the historical cost basis.

## (b) Basis of consolidation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  incorporate  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  the subsidiaries controlled by the Company.

Subsidiaries are all entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or  has  rights,  to  variable  returns  from  its  involvement  with  the  entity  and  has  the  ability  to  affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.

An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealized profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the  consolidated  financial  statements.  Unrealized  losses  resulting  from  intra-group  transactions  are eliminated  in  the  same  way  as  unrealized  gains  but  only  to  the  extent  that  there  is  no  evidence  of impairment.

Changes in the Group's interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for  as  equity  transactions,  whereby  adjustments  are  made  to  the  amounts  of  controlling  and  noncontrolling  interests  within  consolidated  equity  to  reflect  the  change  in  relative  interests,  but  no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognized.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (b) Basis of consolidation (cont'd)

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognized in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognized at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture.

Where  necessary,  adjustments  are  made  to  the  financial  statements  of  subsidiaries  to  bring  their accounting policies in line with those used by other members of the Group.

All intra-group transactions, balances, income and expenses are eliminated on consolidation.

Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition of a financial liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests' proportionate share of the subsidiary's net identifiable assets.

Non-controlling  interests  are  presented  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  within equity, separately from equity attributable to the owners of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the  consolidated  statement  of  comprehensive  income  as  an  allocation  of  the  total  profit  or  loss  and total  comprehensive  income  for  the  period  between  non-controlling  interests  and  the  owners  of  the Company.

## (c) Business combination and goodwill

Business combination is accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group from the former owners of the acquiree and the  equity  interests  issued  by  the  Group  in  exchange  for  control  of  the  acquiree.  For  each  business combination, the acquirer measures the non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. Acquisition costs are expensed in profit or loss as incurred.

Except  for  certain  recognition  exemptions,  the  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed must meet the definition of an asset and a liability in the Framework for the Preparation of Financial Statements  (replaced  by  the  Conceptual  Framework  for  Financial  Reporting  issued  in  September 2010).

At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, as disclosed in Note 29, are recognized at their fair value.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (c) Business combination and goodwill (cont'd)

If  the  business  combination  is  achieved  in  stages,  fair  value  of  the  acquirer's  previously  held  equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value as at the acquisition date through profit or loss.

Any  contingent  consideration  to  be  transferred  by  the  acquirer  is  recognized  at  fair  value  at  the acquisition  date.  Subsequent  changes  to  the  fair  value  of  the  contingent  consideration  which  is deemed to be an asset or liability is recognized in accordance with HKFRS 13 either in profit or loss or as a change to other comprehensive income. If the contingent consideration is classified as equity, it shall not be remeasured until it is finally settled within equity.

Goodwill is initially measured at cost being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the amount recognized for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group's previously held equity interests in the acquiree over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items are lower than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired,  the  difference  is,  after  reassessment,  recognized  in  profit  or  loss  as  a  gain  on  bargain purchase.

After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31 March. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units, or group of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.

Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the  goodwill  relates.  Where  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  cash-generating  unit  (group  of  cashgenerating  units)  is  less  than  the  carrying  amount,  an  impairment  loss  is  recognized.  An  impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

Where  goodwill  forms  part  of  a  cash-generating  unit  and  part  of  the  operation  within  that  unit  is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of  the  operation  when  determining  the  gain  or  loss  on  disposal  of  the  operation.  Goodwill  disposed of in this circumstance is measured based on the relative values of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (d) Revenue recognition

The Group recognizes revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when 'control' of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or service that are substantially the same.

Control  is  transferred  over  time  and  revenue  is  recognized  over  time  by  reference  to  the  progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

- The  customer  simultaneously  receives  and  consumes  the  benefits  provided  by  the  Group's performance as the Group performs;
- The  Group's  performance  creates  or  enhances  an  asset  that  the  customer  controls  as  the Group performs; or
- The Group's performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service. Revenues of the Group are recognized in profit or loss as follows:-

- -Revenue from provision of food and beverage services including services charges is recognized at a point in time when catering services are provided.
- -Revenue from the sales of products is recognized when control of the products has transferred, being at the point the products are delivered to the customer's premise and the customer has accepted  the  products,  and  there  is  no  unfulfilled  obligation  that  could  affect  the  customer's acceptance  of  the  products.  Delivery  occurs  when  the  products  have  been  shipped  to  the specific  location,  the  risks  of  obsolescence  and  loss  have  been  transferred  to  the  customer, and  either  the  customer  has  accepted  the  products  in  accordance  with  the  sales  order,  the acceptance  provisions  have  lapsed,  or  the  Group  has  objective  evidence  that  all  criteria  for acceptance have been satisfied. Revenue excludes value-added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts and returns.
- -Interest  income  is  recognized  as  it  accrues  using  the  effective  interest  method.  For  financial assets  measured  at  amortized  cost  that  are  not  credit-impaired,  the  effective  interest  rate  is applied  to  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  the  asset.  For  credit-impaired  financial  assets,  the effective  interest  rate  is  applied  to  the  amortized  cost  (i.e.  gross  carrying  amount  net  of  loss allowance) of the asset (Note 3(i)).
- -Service fee income is recognized over time when services have been rendered.
- -Franchise fee income is recognized over the franchise periods on a straight-line basis.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (d) Revenue recognition (cont'd)

A contract asset represents the Group's right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments (' HKFRS 9 '). In contrast, a receivable represents the Group's unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

Accounting policy in respect of contract liability is further disclosed in Note 3(m).

## (e) Plant and equipment and depreciation

Plant and equipment including the right-of-use assets arising from leases of the underlying plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment  losses.  The  cost  of  an  asset  comprises  its  purchase  price  and  any  directly  attributable costs  of  bringing  the  asset  to  its  present  working  condition  and  location  for  its  intended  use. Expenditure  incurred  after  the  plant  and  equipment  have  been  put  into  operation,  such  as  repairs and  maintenance,  are  charged  to  profit  or  loss  in  the  year  in  which  they  are  incurred.  In  situations where  it  can  be  clearly  demonstrated  that  the  expenditure  has  resulted  in  an  increase  in  the  future economic benefits expected to be obtained from the use of the plant and equipment, the expenditure is capitalized as an additional cost of the asset.

Depreciation is calculated to write down the cost of plant and equipment to their estimated residual values on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives at the following annual rates and bases:-

| Furniture, fixtures and equipment  10% to 50% or over the lease term whichever is shorter  Leasehold improvement  10% to 33.33% or over the lease term whichever is shorter  Motor vehicles  20% to 33.33%  Right-of-use assets - Leasehold  properties  Over the lease term  Right-of-use assets - Motor vehicles  Over the lease term   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The assets'  residual  values  and  useful  lives  are  reviewed,  and  adjusted  if  appropriate,  at  the  end  of each reporting period.

Gain or loss arising from the retirement or disposal of an asset is determined as the difference between the estimated net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

Construction  in  progress  represents  plant  and  equipment  under  construction  or  pending  installation, and  is  stated  at  cost  less  impairment  losses.  The  cost  of  self-constructed  items  of  plant  and equipment  includes  the  cost  of  materials,  direct  labour,  the  initial  estimate,  where  relevant,  of  the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located, and an appropriate  proportion  of  production  overheads  and  borrowing  costs.  Capitalization  of  these  costs ceases  and  the  construction  in  progress  is  transferred  to  plant  and  equipment  when  the  asset  is substantially completed and ready for its intended use.

No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress until it is substantially completed and ready for its intended use.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (f) Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment losses.

Development costs are capitalized only when it can be demonstrated that completing the development is  technically  and  financially  feasible,  the  product  under  development  will  generate  probable  future economic benefits  through  sale  or  use,  and  the  development  expenditure  can  be  measured  reliably. Development costs which do not meet these criteria are expensed when incurred.

Amortization is calculated to write off the costs of intangible assets over their estimated useful lives on a straight line basis as follows:-

| Trademark acquired  5 to 20 years  Franchise rights acquired  5 to 20 years   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (g) Leases

## Definition of a lease

A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application or arising from business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

## As a lessee

## Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

For  a  contract  that  contains  a  lease  component  and  one  or  more  additional  lease  or  non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

Non-lease components are separated from lease component and are accounted for by applying other applicable standards.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (g) Leases (cont'd)

## As a lessee (cont'd)

## Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over the lease term.

## Right-of-use assets

The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

- the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
- any  lease  payments  made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date,  less  any  lease  incentives received;
- any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
- an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

Right-of-use  assets  in  which  the  Group  is  reasonably  certain  to  obtain  ownership  of  the  underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life.

Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (g) Leases (cont'd)

## As a lessee (cont'd)

## Refundable rental deposits

Refundable  rental  deposits  paid  are  accounted  under  HKFRS  9  'Financial  Instruments'  and  initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

## Lease liabilities

At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and measures the lease liability at the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments,  the  Group  uses  the  incremental  borrowing  rate  at  the  lease  commencement  date  if  the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

The lease payments include:

- fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
- variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date;
- amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;
- the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option; and
- payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option to terminate the lease.

Variable  lease  payments  that  reflect  changes  in  market  rental  rates  are  initially  measured  using  the market rental rates as at the commencement date. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, and are recognized as expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (g) Leases (cont'd)

## As a lessee (cont'd)

## Lease liabilities (cont'd)

The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-ofuse assets) whenever:

- the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.
- the  lease  payments  change  due  to  changes  in  market  rental  rates  following  a  market  rent review in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.

## (h) Interests in subsidiaries

Interests  in  subsidiaries  are  stated  in  the  Company's  statement  of  financial  position  at  cost  less any  identified  impairment  loss.  Income  from  subsidiaries  is  recognized  in  the  Company's  financial statements on the basis of dividends declared by the subsidiaries.

## (i) Financial assets

## Classification

The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

- -those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or through profit or loss), and
- -those to be measured at amortized cost.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (i) Financial assets (cont'd)

## Classification (cont'd)

The classification depends on the Group's business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual  terms  of  the  cash  flows.  For  assets  measured  at  fair  value,  gains  and  losses  will  either be  recorded  in  profit  or  loss  or  other  comprehensive  income.  For  investments  in  equity  instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at  the  time  of  initial  recognition  to  account  for  the  equity  investments  at  fair  value  through  other comprehensive income.

## Recognition and derecognition

Regular  way  purchases  and  sales  of  financial  assets  are  recognized  on  trade-date,  the  date  on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognized when the contractual rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortized cost, the difference between the asset's carrying  amount  and  the  sum  of  the  consideration  received  and  receivable  is  recognized  in  profit  or loss.

## Measurement

At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss ('FVTPL'), transaction costs that are directly attributable to  the  acquisition  of  the  financial  asset.  Transaction  costs  of  financial  assets  carried  at  FVTPL  are expensed in profit or loss.

Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

Receivables are stated at amortized cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses.

## Impairment of financial assets

The Group applies the expected credit loss ('ECL') model to financial assets measured at amortized cost,  including  trade  debtors  and  other  debtors,  time  deposits  and  cash  and  cash  equivalents. Financial assets measured at fair value are not subject to the ECL assessment.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (i) Financial assets (cont'd)

## Impairment of financial assets (cont'd)

ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value  of  all  expected  cash  shortfalls  (i.e.  the  difference  between  the  cash  flows  due  to  the  Group  in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

The  expected  cash  shortfalls  are  discounted  using  the  following  discount  rates  where  the  effect  of discounting is material:

- -fixed-rate financial assets, trade debtors and other debtors and time deposits: effective interest rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;
- -variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate;

The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

In  measuring  ECLs,  the  Group  takes  into  account  reasonable  and  supportable  information  that  is available without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:-

- -12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within the 12 months after the end of reporting; and
- -lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

Loss allowances for trade debtors are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on  trade  debtors  are  estimated  using  a  provision  matrix  based  on  the  Group's  historical  credit  loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the end of reporting period.

For  all  other  financial  instruments  (including  other  debtors,  time  deposits  and  cash  and  cash equivalents), the Group recognizes a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (i) Financial assets (cont'd)

## Significant increases in credit risk

In  assessing  whether  the  credit  risk  has  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition,  the  Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable,  including  historical  experience  and  forward-looking  information  that  is  available  without undue cost or effort.

In  particular,  the  following  information  is  taken  into  account  when  assessing  whether  credit  risk  has increased significantly since initial recognition:-

- -failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;
- -an  actual  or  expected  significant  deterioration  in  a  financial  instrument's  external  or  internal credit rating (if available);
- -an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and
- -existing  or  forecast  changes  in  the  technological,  market,  economic  or  legal  environment  that have a significant adverse effect on the debtor's ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

Irrespective  of  the  outcome  of  the  above  assessment,  the  Group  presumes  that  the  credit  risk  has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

## Definition of default

For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (i) Financial assets (cont'd)

## Basis of calculation of interest income

Interest income recognized (Note 3(d)) is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on the amortized cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset.

## Credit-impaired financial assets

At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  when  one  or  more  events  that  have  a  detrimental  impact  on  the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:-

- -significant financial difficulties of the debtor;
- -a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments;
- -it becoming probable that the debtor will enter into bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
- -significant  changes  in  the  technological,  market,  economic  or  legal  environment  that  have  an adverse effect on the debtor; and
- -the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the issuer.

## Write-off policy

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

Subsequent  recoveries  of  an  asset  that  was  previously  written  off  are  recognized  as  a  reversal  of impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (i) Financial assets (cont'd)

## Measurement and recognition of ECLs

The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

Generally,  the  ECL  is  the  difference  between  all  contractual  cash  flows  that  are  due  to  the  Group  in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

Lifetime ECL for trade receivables are considered on a collective basis taking into consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking macroeconomic information.

For  collective  assessment,  the  Group  takes  into  consideration  the  following  characteristics  when formulating the grouping:

- Past-due status;
- Nature, size and industry of debtors; and
- External credit ratings where available.

The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

The  Group  recognizes  an  impairment  gain  or  loss  in  profit  or  loss  for  all  financial  instruments  by adjusting  their  carrying  amount,  with  the  exception  of  trade  debtors  where  the  corresponding adjustment is recognized through a loss allowance account.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (j) Impairment of plant and equipment, other intangible assets (other than goodwill) and right-of-use assets

At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its plant and equipment, other  intangible  assets  (other  than  goodwill)  and  right-of-use  assets  to  determine  whether  there is  any  indication  that  those  assets  have  suffered  an  impairment  loss.  If  any  such  indication  exists, the  recoverable  amount  of  the  relevant  asset  is  estimated  in  order  to  determine  the  extent  of  the impairment loss (if any).

The recoverable amount of plant and equipment, other intangible assets and right-of-use assets are estimated  individually.  When  it  is  not  possible  to  estimate  the  recoverable  amount  individually,  the Group  estimates  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  cash-generating  unit  (' CGU ')  to  which  the  asset belongs.

In testing a CGU for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant CGU when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group  of  CGUs  for  which  a  reasonable  and  consistent  allocation  basis  can  be  established.  The recoverable  amount  is  determined  for  the  CGU  or  group  of  CGUs  to  which  the  corporate  asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant CGU or group of CGUs.

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value  in  use,  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  are  discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a  pretax  discount  rate  that  reflects  current  market  assessments  of  the  time  value  of  money  and  the  risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted. If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or  portion  of  corporate  assets  which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a CGU, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of CGUs, including the carrying amounts of  the  corporate  assets  or  portion  of  corporate  assets  allocated  to  that  group  of  CGUs,  with  the recoverable  amount  of  the  group  of  CGUs.  In  allocating  the  impairment  loss,  the  impairment  loss  is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of CGUs. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of CGUs. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or CGU or a group of  CGUs)  is  increased  to  the  revised  estimate  of  its  recoverable  amount,  but  so  that  the  increased carrying  amount  does  not  exceed  the  carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined  had  no impairment loss been recognized for the asset (or CGU or a group of CGUs) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (k) Provisions and contingent liabilities

Provisions  are  recognized  for  other  liabilities  of  uncertain  timing  or  amount  when  the  Group  or  the Company has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an  outflow  of  economic  benefits  will  be  required  to  settle  the  obligation  and  a  reliable  estimate  can be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of  economic  benefits  is  remote.  Possible  obligations,  whose  existence  will  only  be  confirmed  by  the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

## (l) Financial liabilities and equity

## Classification as debt or equity

Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## Financial liabilities

All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost, using the effective interest method.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

The  Group  derecognizes  financial  liabilities  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group's  obligations  are discharged,  cancelled  or  have  expired.  The  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  the  financial liability derecognized and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (m) Contract liabilities

A  contract  liability  is  recognized  when  the  customer  pays  non-refundable  consideration  before  the Group recognizes the related revenue (Note 3(d)). A contract liability would also be recognized if the Group  has  an  unconditional  right  to  receive  consideration  before  the  Group  recognizes  the  related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognized (Note 3(i)).

## (n) Convertible bonds that contain an equity component

Convertible bonds that can be converted to equity share capital at the option of the holder, where the number of shares that would be issued on conversion and the value of the consideration that would be received at that time do not vary, are accounted for as compound financial instruments which contain both liability component and equity component.

At initial recognition the liability component of the convertible bonds is measured as the present value of  the  future  interest  and  principal  payments,  discounted  at  the  market  rate  of  interest  applicable  at the time of initial recognition to similar liabilities that do not have a conversion option. Any excess of proceeds  over  the  amount  initially  recognized  as  the  liability  component  is  recognized  as  the  equity component. Transaction costs that relate to the issue of a compound financial instrument are allocated to the liability and equity components in proportion to the allocation of proceeds.

The liability component is subsequently carried at amortized cost. The interest expense recognized in profit  or  loss  on  the  liability  component  is  calculated  using  the  effective  interest  method.  The  equity component is recognized in the convertible bonds equity reserve until either the note is converted or redeemed. Where the option remains unexercised at the expiry date, the balance stated in convertible bonds equity reserve will be released to accumulated profit or loss. No gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss upon conversion or expiration of the option.

If  any  bonds  are  converted,  the  convertible  bonds  equity  reserve,  together  with  the  carrying  amount of the liability component at the time of conversion, is transferred to share capital and share premium as consideration for the shares issued. If the note is redeemed, the convertible bonds equity reserve is released directly to accumulated profit or loss.

The  liability  component  (or  part  of  the  liability  component)  of  the  convertible  bonds  is  derecognized when, and only when, it is extinguished - i.e. when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged or cancelled or expired.

A  significant  modification  of  the  terms  of  the  convertible  bonds  is  accounted  for  as  recognition  of  a new compound instrument and an extinguishment of the original compound instrument before maturity. The difference between the carrying amount of the original liability component extinguished and its fair value at the date of modification is recognized in profit or loss. The difference between the fair value at the date of modification of the original liability component extinguished and the fair value of the newly recognized  liability  component  is  recognized  in  the  convertible  bonds  equity  reserve.  The  carrying amount of the equity component of the original compound instrument extinguished is released from convertible bonds equity reserve to accumulated profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (o) Employee benefits

Salaries, annual bonuses and annual leave entitlements are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by employees of the Group.

Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are recognized as an expense in profit or loss as incurred.

Termination benefits are recognized when, and only when, the Group demonstrably commits itself to terminate  employment  or  provide  benefits  as  a  result  of  voluntary  redundancy  by  having  a  detailed formal plan which is without realistic possibility of withdrawal.

The fair value of share options granted to employees measured at the grant date and is adjusted for the estimated number of shares that will eventually be vested is recognized as an employee cost on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, with a corresponding increase in an employee share-based compensation reserve.

For the purposes of diluted earnings per share, the exercise price of the options is adjusted for the cost of employee services to render in the remaining vesting period.

## (p) Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalized as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

The  capitalization  of  borrowing  costs  as  part  of  the  cost  of  a  qualifying  asset  commences  when expenditure for the asset is being incurred. Borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalization of borrowing costs is suspended or ceased when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are interrupted or complete.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (q) Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is calculated on a first-in-firstout  basis.  Net  realisable  value  is  the  estimated  selling  price  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  less estimated costs of completion and selling expenses.

When inventories are sold,  the  carrying  amount  of  those  inventories  is  recognized  as  an  expense  in the period in which the related revenue is recognized. The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realizable value and all losses of inventories are recognized as an expense in the period the writedown or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any write-down of inventories is recognized as a reduction in  the  amount  of  inventories  recognized  as  an  expense  in  the  period  in  which  the  reversal occurs.

## (r) Income tax

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax. The tax currently payable  is  based  on  taxable  profit  for  the  year.  Taxable  profit  differs  from  net  profit  as  reported  in  the statement of profit or loss because it excludes items of income and expense that are taxable or deductible in other years, and it further excludes profit or loss items that are never taxable and deductible.

Deferred  tax  is  recognized  on  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and liabilities  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  corresponding  tax  bases  used  in  the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognized for all deductible temporary difference to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference  arises  from  the  initial  recognition  (other  than  in  a  business  combination)  of  assets  and liabilities  in  a  transaction  that  affects  neither  the  taxable  profit  nor  the  accounting  profit.  In  addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising  from  deductible  temporary  differences  associated  with  such  investments  are  only  recognized to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (r) Income tax (cont'd)

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset is realized.

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

For  the  purposes  of  measuring  deferred  tax  for  leasing  transactions  in  which  the  Group  recognises the  right-of-use  assets  and  the  related  lease  liabilities,  the  Group  first  determines  whether  the  tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies  HKAS  12  'Income  Taxes'  requirements  to  the  leasing  transaction  as  a  whole.  Temporary differences relating to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are assessed on a net basis. Excess of depreciation on right-of-use assets over the lease payments for the principal portion of lease liabilities resulting in net deductible temporary differences.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

Deferred tax is charged or credited to profit or loss, except when it relates to items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly to equity, in which case the deferred tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

## (s) Government grants

Government  grants  are  recognized  at  their  fair  value  where  there  is  reasonable  assurance  that  the grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognized as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.

Where the grant and subsidy relate to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and  is  released  to  profit  or  loss  over  the  expected  useful  life  of  the  relevant  asset  by  equal  annual instalments or deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to profit or loss by way of a reduced depreciation charge.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (t) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents  comprise  cash  at  bank  and  on  hand,  demand  deposits  with  banks  and other  financial  institutions,  and  short-term,  highly  liquid  investments  that  are  readily  convertible  into known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three months of maturity at acquisition.

Cash  equivalents  are  short-term,  highly  liquid  investments  that  are  readily  convertible  into  known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

## (u) Related parties

- (a) A person or a close member of that person's family is related to the Group if that person:-
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group's parent.
- (b) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:-
- (i) the  entity  and  the  Group  are  members  of  the  same  group  (which  means  that  each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others);
- (ii) one  entity  is  an  associate  or  joint  venture  of  the  other  entity  (or  an  associate  or  joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member);
- (iii) both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- (v) the  entity  is  a  post-employment  benefit  plan  for  the  benefit  of  employees  of  either  the Group or an entity related to the Group. If the Group is itself such a plan, the sponsoring employers are also related to the Group;
- (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
- (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (u) Related parties (cont'd)

- (b) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:- (cont'd)
- (viii) the  entity,  or  any  member  of  a  group  of  which  it  is  a  part,  provides  key  management personnel services to the Group or to the Group's parent.

Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

## (v) Foreign currency translation

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollar, which is also the Company's functional currency. The functional currency of the Company or its subsidiaries is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the Company or its subsidiaries operate.

Foreign currency transactions of the Company or its subsidiaries are initially recorded in the functional currency  using  the  exchange  rates  prevailing  at  the  dates  of  the  transactions.  At  the  end  of  the reporting  period,  monetary  items  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are  translated  at  the  rates prevailing  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  and  the  exchange  differences  arising  are  recognized  in profit or loss. Non-monetary items carried at fair value denominated in foreign currencies are translated at  the  rates  prevailing  at  the  date  when  the  fair  value  was  determined  and  the  exchange  differences arising  are  recognized  in  profit  or  loss,  except  for  the  exchange  component  of  a  gain  or  loss  that  is recognized directly in equity.

For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Company's  foreign  operations  are  translated  into  the  presentation  currency  of  the  Company  at  the rate  of  exchange  prevailing  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  and  their  income  and  expenses  are translated  at  the  average  exchange  rates  for  the  year,  unless  exchange  rates  fluctuate  significantly during the period, in which case, the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of transactions are used. Exchange differences  arising  are  recognized  as  a  separate  component  of  equity  (exchange  reserve). Such translation differences are recognized in profit or loss for the year in which the foreign operation is disposed of.

Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a foreign operation  are  treated  as  assets  and  liabilities  of  that  foreign  operation  and  translated  at  the  rate  of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are recognized in exchange reserve.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (w) Segment reporting

Operating  segments,  and  the  amounts  of  each  segment  item  reported  in  the  consolidated  financial statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group's most senior executive management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group's various lines of business and geographical locations.

Individual material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have similar  economic  characteristics  and  are  similar  in  respect  of  the  nature  of  products and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments  which  are  not  material  individually  may  be  aggregated  if  they  share  a  majority  of  these criteria.

A segment is a distinguishable component of the Group that is engaged either in providing products or  services  (business  segment),  or  in  providing  products  or  services  within  a  particular  economic environment (geographical segment), which is subject to risks and rewards that are different from those of other segments.

The Group has only one business segment for current year (2021: one).

## (x) Critical accounting estimate and judgements

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty

In  the  process  of  applying  the  Group's  accounting  policies,  management  makes  various  estimates based  on  past  experiences,  expectations  of  the  future  and  other  information.  The  key  sources  of estimation uncertainty that may significantly affect the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements are disclosed below:-

## (i) Estimated useful lives of tangible and intangible assets with definite useful lives

The  Group  estimates  the  useful  lives  of  tangible  and  intangible  assets  based  on  the  periods over which the assets are expected to be available for use. The Group reviews annually their estimated useful lives, based on factors that include asset utilization and anticipated use of the assets tempered by related industry benchmark information. It is possible that future results of operation could be materially affected by changes in these estimates brought about by changes in factors mentioned. A reduction in the estimated useful lives of tangible and intangible assets would increase depreciation charges and decrease non-current assets.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont'd)

## (x) Critical accounting estimate and judgements (cont'd)

Key sources of estimation uncertainty (cont'd)

## (ii) Impairment of plant and equipment, other intangible assets and right-of-use assets

Plant and equipment, intangible assets (other than goodwill) and right-of-use assets are stated at  costs  less  accumulated  depreciation  and  impairment,  if  any.  In  determining  whether  an asset  is  impaired,  the  Group  has  to  exercise  judgment  and  make  estimation,  particularly  in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2)  whether  the  carrying  value  of  an  asset  can  be  supported  by  the  recoverable  amount,  in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable amounts including growth rates, budgeted sales, gross margins and an appropriate discount rate. Changing the assumptions and estimates (including the discount rates  or  the  growth  rate)  in  the  cash  flow  projections,  could  materially  affect  the  recoverable amounts.  Furthermore,  the  cash  flows  projections,  growth  rate  and  discount  rate  are  subject to greater uncertainties in the current year due to uncertainty on how the Covid-19 pandemic may progress and evolve and volatility in financial markets, including potential disruptions in the Group's operation of a restaurant, cafØs and cake shops in Hong Kong.

Details of the impairment assessment on plant and equipment, other intangible assets and rightof-use assets are disclosed in Note 16.

## (iii) Loss allowance for trade and other debtors

The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about the risk of default and expected  loss  rates.  The  Group  uses  judgement  in  making  these  assumptions  and  selecting the  inputs  to  the  impairment  calculation,  based  on  the  Group's  past  history,  existing  market conditions as well as forward-looking estimates at the end of each reporting period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in Note 34(a) to the consolidated financial statements.

## (iv) Going concern

Management  makes  an  assessment  of  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern when  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  As  disclosed  in  Note  2(d)  to  the consolidated  financial  statements,  the  validity  of  the  going  concern  assumptions  depends upon (i) the continuing financial support from Ms. Huang, who is the sole beneficial owner and director of the ultimate holding company; and (ii) other loans, of which the repayment date was subsequently extended from 22 June 2022 to 22 June 2023.

Should the Group be unable to continue in business as a going concern, adjustments would have to be made to restate the value of assets to their recoverable amounts, to reclassify noncurrent assets and non-current liabilities as current assets and current liabilities respectively and to provide for any further liabilities which might arise.

## 4. REVENUE

Revenue  represents  invoiced  value  recognized  in  respect  of  provision  of  food  and  beverage  services  and others and sales of skincare products, net of discounts and value-added tax, during the year. An analysis of the revenue recorded for the year is set out below:-

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue from customers and recognized at a point in time  - Provision of food and beverage services and others  170,460  184,765  - Sales of skincare products  1,424  3,110  171,884  187,875   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. OTHER INCOME

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Government grants - Note 5(a)  1,100  15,463  Interest income  148  456  Service fee income  1,674  1,521  Franchise fee income  -  135  Gain on lease modification  -  163  Gain on disposal of plant and equipment  143  -  Exchange gain, net  16  -  Miscellaneous items  267  795  3,348  18,533   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:-

(a) For the year ended 31 March 2022, government grants represent the subsidies received from Anti-epidemic Fund of the government of the HKSAR.

For the year ended 31 March 2021, it represented the approved amount of wages subsidies under the Employment Support Scheme launched by the government of the HKSAR and subsidies received from the Anti-epidemic Fund of the government of the HKSAR.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. (LOSS)/PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss)/profit before income tax is arrived at after  charging/(crediting):-  (a)  Finance costs:-  Interest expenses on other loans  1,359  1,393  Interest expense on convertible bonds  800  800  Imputed interest expense on convertible bonds - Note 24  229  384  Interest expenses on lease liabilities  1,043  1,217  Other bank charges  2,123  1,986  5,554  5,780  (b)  Other items:-  Amortization of other intangible assets  753  772  Depreciation of plant and equipment  3,452  3,248  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  22,681  22,931  Auditor's remuneration for audit services  651  709  Auditor's remuneration for non-audit services  8  -  Exchange (gain)/loss, net  (16)  28  Variable lease payment not included in the measurement  of lease liabilities  3,720  5,437  COVID-19 related rent concessions from lessors  (460)  (686)  Short-term lease expenses  6,013  8,417  Directors' remuneration - Note 7(a)  1,020  1,020  Other staff salaries and benefits  60,208  61,211  Retirement scheme contributions  2,691  2,566  Other staff costs  62,899  63,777  Cost of inventories sold  76,576  79,557  Deposits paid for plant and equipment written-off  -  600  (Gain)/loss on disposal and written off of  plant and equipment, net  (143)  504   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 7. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATIONS AND EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS

- (a) Pursuant  to  the  GEM  Listing  Rules,  section  383(1)(a),  (b),  (c)  and  (f)  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies Ordinance  and  Part  2  of  the  Companies  (Disclosure  of  Information  about  Benefits  of  Directors) Regulation, details of remunerations paid by the Group to the Directors during the year are as follows:-

| Fees  Basic salaries,  allowances  and other  benefits  Retirement  scheme  contributions  Equity-  settled  share-based  payment  expenses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2021  Executive Directors:-  Mr. Wu Xiaowen  240  -  -  -  240  Mr. Huang Chao  240  -  -  -  240  480  -  -  -  480  Independent non-executive  Directors:-  Mr. Chan Yee Ping  Michael  180  -  -  -  180  Mr. Zeng Shiquan  180  -  -  -  180  Mr. Yang Haiyu  (appointed on  11 December 2020)  55  -  -  -  55  Mr. Deng Guozhen  (resigned on  11 December 2020)  125  -  -  -  125  540  -  -  -  540  1,020  -  -  -  1,020   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 7. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATIONS AND EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS (cont'd)

- (a) Pursuant  to  the  GEM  Listing  Rules,  section  383(1)(a),  (b),  (c)  and  (f)  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies Ordinance  and  Part  2  of  the  Companies  (Disclosure  of  Information  about  Benefits  of  Directors) Regulation, details of remunerations paid by the Group to the Directors during the year are as follows:(cont'd)

| Fees  Basic salaries,  allowances  and other  benefits  Retirement  scheme  contributions  Equity-  settled  share-based  payment  expenses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  Executive Directors:-  Mr. Wu Xiaowen  240  -  -  -  240  Mr. Huang Chao  240  -  -  -  240  480  -  -  -  480  Independent non-executive  Directors:-  Mr. Chan Yee Ping  Michael  180  -  -  -  180  Mr. Zeng Shiquan  180  -  -  -  180  Mr. Yang Haiyu  180  -  -  -  180  540  -  -  -  540  1,020  -  -  -  1,020   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) The executive Directors' remunerations shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

(ii) The independent non-executive Directors' remunerations shown above were for their services as directors of the Company.

(iii) No Directors waived or agreed to waive any remunerations during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 7. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATIONS AND EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS (cont'd)

## (b) Five highest paid individuals

The remuneration of employees who were not Directors during the year and who were amongst the five (2021: five) highest paid individuals of the Group are as follows:-

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Basic salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  4,383  4,349  Performance related bonuses  176  240  Retirement scheme contributions  90  90  4,649  4,679   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The number of employees whose remuneration fell within the following band is as follow:-

| 2022  2021  Nil - HK$1,000,000  3  3  HK$1,000,001 - HK$1,500,000  2  2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There  was  no  remuneration  paid  by  the  Group  to  the  Directors  or  the  five  highest  paid  individuals  as  an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## 8. INCOME TAX

- (a) Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:-

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current tax: -  - Provision for the year  -  89  - Over-provision in prior years  -  (926)  Deferred tax (credit)/charge - Note 17  (248)  1,273  Income tax (credit)/expense  (248)  436   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 8. INCOME TAX (cont'd)

- (a) Taxation in the profit or loss represents:- (cont'd)
- (i) Pursuant  to  the  rules  and  regulations  of  the  Cayman  Islands  and  the  British  Virgin  Islands (' BVI '), the Group is not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and the BVI.
- (ii) The Company's subsidiaries incorporated/established in Hong Kong and the People's Republic of China (' PRC ')  are subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax and PRC Enterprise Income Tax at the rates of 16.5% and 25% respectively (2021: Hong Kong - 16.5% and PRC - 25% respectively) except for a Hong Kong subsidiary of the Group which is a qualifying entity under the two-tiered profits tax rate regime. For this subsidiary, the first HK$2 million of assessable profits are taxed at 8.25% and the remaining assessable profits are taxed at 16.5%.
- (b) The income tax (credit)/expense for the year can be reconciled to the (loss)/profit before income tax per consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year as follows:-
- (c) The  components  of  unrecognized  deductible/taxable  temporary  differences  in  certain  subsidiaries  of the Company were as follows:-
- (i) The  Group's  total  tax  loss  from  its  Hong  Kong  subsidiaries  and  PRC  subsidiaries  are approximately  HK$58,892,000  (2021:  HK$57,001,000)  and  HK$50,446,000  (2021: HK$38,419,000),  respectively.  The  unutilized  tax  losses  accumulated  in  the  Hong  Kong subsidiaries of the Company amounted to approximately HK$57,174,000 (2021: approximately HK$57,001,000)  can  be  carried  forward  indefinitely.  The  unutilized  tax  losses  accumulated in  PRC  subsidiaries  amounted  to  approximately  HK$50,446,000  (2021:  approximately HK$38,419,000)  can  be  carried  forward  for  a  maximum  of  five  years.  Deductible  temporary differences  have  not  been  recognized  owing  to  the  absence  of  objective  evidence  in  respect of  the  availability  of  sufficient  taxable  profits  that  are  expected  to  arise  to  offset  against  the deductible temporary differences.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss)/profit before income tax  (20,936)  2,851  Tax effect at the Hong Kong profits tax rate of 16.5%  (2021: 16.5%)  (3,454)  470  Tax rates differential  616  797  Tax effect of income that is not taxable  (1,060)  (2,925)  Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible  614  450  Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognized  3,088  2,669  Tax effect of utilization of tax losses not recognized  (52)  -  Over-provision in prior years  -  (926)  Tax effect of two-tiered profits tax rates regime  -  (89)  Tax concession  -  (10)  Income tax (credit)/expense  (248)  436   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 8. INCOME TAX (cont'd)

- (c) The  components  of  unrecognized  deductible/taxable  temporary  differences  in  certain  subsidiaries  of the Company were as follows:- (cont'd)
- (ii) Pursuant to the Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC and its implementation rules, the gross amount of dividends received by the Company's subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong from its  PRC  subsidiaries  in  respect  of  their  profits  generated  since  1  January  2008  is  subject  to withholding tax at a rate of 5%. Under the Caishui (2008) No. 1, the undistributed profits of the PRC subsidiaries  as  at  31  December  2007  determined  based  on  the  relevant  PRC  tax  rules and regulations are exempted from withholding tax. Since the Group can control the quantum and  timing  of  distribution  of  profits  of  the  Group's  subsidiaries  in  the  PRC,  no  deferred  tax liability  was  provided as no profit is expected to be distributed by the PRC subsidiaries in the foreseeable future. The PRC subsidiaries do not have any undistributed profits as at 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## 9. DIVIDEND

No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## 10. (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE

The calculation of basic (loss)/earnings per share is based on the loss attributable to owners of the Company of HK$19,810,000 (2021: profit attributable to owners of the Company of HK$2,521,000) and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 520,771,875 (2021 (restated): ordinary shares of 520,771,875) in issue during the year ended 31 March 2022.

On 11 January 2022, every eight (8) issued and unissued ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each in the share capital of  the  Company  were  consolidated  into  one  (1)  ordinary  share  of  HK$0.08  each  (each  a  ' Consolidated Share ')  in  the  share  capital  of  the  Company  (the  ' Share  Consolidation ')  and  resulted  in  the  weighted average number of Consolidated Shares of 520,771,875 in issue during all periods presented. Comparative figures of the weighted average number of ordinary shares for calculating basic earnings per share have been adjusted on the assumption that the Share Consolidation has been effective since the beginning of the prior year.

The computation of diluted loss per share (2021: earnings per share) does not assume the conversion of the Company's outstanding convertible bonds since the exercise price of those convertible bonds was higher than the average market price for both 2022 and 2021.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 11. PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Leasehold  improvement  Furniture,  fixtures and  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Construction  in progress  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost:-  At 1.4.2020  21,984  21,936  599  560  45,079  Exchange adjustment  161  54  -  22  237  Additions  2,212  2,519  -  -  4,731  Disposal of subsidiaries - Note 30  (7,110)  (1,103)  -  -  (8,213)  Disposals and written off  (1,479)  (1,805)  (403)  (582)  (4,269)  At 31.3.2021  15,768  21,601  196  -  37,565  Accumulated depreciation:-  At 1.4.2020  19,064  16,817  599  -  36,480  Exchange adjustment  115  3  -  -  118  Charge for the year  514  2,734  -  -  3,248  Disposal of subsidiaries - Note 30  (6,123)  (801)  -  -  (6,924)  Written back on disposals  and written off  (1,467)  (1,789)  (403)  -  (3,659)  At 31.3.2021  12,103  16,964  196  -  29,263  Accumulated impairment:-  At 1.4.2020 and 31.3.2021  2,033  1,011  -  -  3,044  Net book value:-  At 31.3.2021  1,632  3,626  -  -  5,258  Cost:-  At 1.4.2021  15,768  21,601  196  -  37,565  Exchange adjustment  8  29  -  -  37  Acquisition of subsidiaries  - Note 29  131  115  -  -  246  Additions  2,557  1,607  -  -  4,164  Disposal of subsidiaries - Note 30  (177)  (118)  -  -  (295)  Disposals and written off  (1,320)  (2,210)  (196)  -  (3,726)  At 31.3.2022  16,967  21,024  -  -  37,991  Accumulated depreciation:-  At 1.4.2021  12,103  16,964  196  -  29,263  Exchange adjustment  11  8  -  -  19  Charge for the year  1,137  2,315  -  -  3,452  Disposal of subsidiaries - Note 30  (58)  (42)  -  -  (100)  Written back on disposals and  written off  (1,049)  (2,201)  (196)  -  (3,446)  At 31.3.2022  12,144  17,044  -  -  29,188  Accumulated impairment:-  At 1.4.2021 and 31.3.2022  2,033  1,011  -  -  3,044  Net book value:-  At 31.3.2022  2,790  2,969  -  -  5,759   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of impairment assessment are disclosed in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 12. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES

Details of the principal subsidiaries are as follows:-

| Name of company  Place of  incorporation and  type of legal entity  Attributable  Issued or  paid up/  registered  capital  Principal activities  equity interest %  Direct  Indirect  Marvel Success Limited  BVI, limited liability  company  100  -  US$1  Investment holding in Hong Kong  Epicurean Management  (Asia) Limited  Hong Kong, limited  liability company  -  100  HK$1  Provision of management services  in Hong Kong  I. T. H. K. Limited ('ITHK')  Hong Kong, limited  liability company  -  100  HK$300,000  Provision of food and beverage  services in Hong Kong  Ginza Bairin (Greater China)  Holdings Limited  Hong Kong, limited  liability company  -  100  HK$2,000,000  Franchise and investment holding  in Hong Kong  Hobby Limited  Hong Kong, limited  liability company  -  100  HK$1  Provision of food and beverage  services in Hong Kong  榮暉企業管理（深圳）有限公司  PRC, limited liability  company  - Note 12(a)  -  100  RMB20,000,000  (paid up  RMB18,000,000)  Trading of skincare products  in the PRC  海韻彩科技（深圳）有限公司  (formerly known as  惠州市大亞灣區新鵬城科技發  展有限公司）  PRC, limited liability  company  - Note 12(a)  -  100  RMB5,000,000  (paid up  RMB2,500,000)  Not yet commenced business  in the PRC  華胤（深圳） 生物科技有限公司  PRC, limited liability  company  - Note 12(b)  -  70  RMB11,000,000  (paid up  RMB Nil)  Investment holding in the PRC  中科華胤（深圳） 生物有限公司  PRC, domestic limited  liability company  -  35.7  - Note 12(c)  RMB10,780,000  (paid up  RMB10,000,000)  Not yet commenced business in  the PRC   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:-

(a) These subsidiaries are established as wholly foreign-owned enterprises under the PRC Law.

(b) This subsidiary is established as non-wholly foreign-owned enterprises under the PRC Law.

(c) This subsidiary is accounted for as a subsidiary by virtue of the Group's control through its voting rights that are eligible to be casted in shareholders' and directors' meetings.

The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the Directors of the Company, principally affected the results or assets or liabilities of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would in the opinion of the Directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 13.  GOODWILL

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost:-  At the beginning of the year  59,388  59,388  Acquisition of subsidiaries - Note 29  2,098  -  Disposal of subsidiaries - Note 30  (2,098)  -  At the end of the year  59,388  59,388  Impairment:-  At the beginning and end of the year  59,388  59,388  Carrying amount:-  At the end of the year  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated, at acquisition, to the CGUs that are expected to benefit  from  that  business  combination.  Before  recognition  of  impairment  losses,  the  carrying  amount  of goodwill had been allocated as follows:-

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Restaurants, cafØs and cake shops  56,823  56,823  Logistic and production centre  2,565  2,565  59,388  59,388   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 14. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Franchise  Trademark  rights  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost:-  At 1.4.2020  2,579  23,803  26,382  Additions  -  184  184  Disposal of subsidiaries - Note 30  (232)  (1,243)  (1,475)  Disposals  -  (115)  (115)  At 31.3.2021  2,347  22,629  24,976  Accumulated amortization:-  At 1.4.2020  658  5,852  6,510  Charge for the year  8  764  772  Disposal of subsidiaries - Note 30  (116)  (432)  (548)  Written back on disposals  -  (115)  (115)  At 31.3.2021  550  6,069  6,619  Accumulated impairment:-  At 1.4.2020 and 31.3.2021  1,795  9,334  11,129  Net book value:-  At 31.3.2021  2  7,226  7,228  Cost:-  At 1.4.2021  2,347  22,629  24,976  Additions  -  139  139  Disposals  -  (144)  (144)  At 31.3.2022  2,347  22,624  24,971  Accumulated amortization:-  At 1.4.2021  550  6,069  6,619  Charge for the year  -  753  753  Written back on disposals  -  (144)  (144)  At 31.3.2022  550  6,678  7,228  Accumulated impairment:-  At 1.4.2021 and 31.3.2022  1,795  9,334  11,129  Net book value:-  At 31.3.2022  2  6,612  6,614   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of impairment assessment are disclosed in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 15. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

| Leasehold  properties  Motor  vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost:-  At 1.4.2020  57,153  -  57,153  Additions  16,838  491  17,329  Disposal of subsidiaries - Note 30  (8,492)  -  (8,492)  Expiry of leases arrangements  (11,071)  -  (11,071)  Lease modification  (2,163)  -  (2,163)  At 31.3.2021  52,265  491  52,756  Accumulated depreciation:-  At 1.4.2020  18,078  -  18,078  Charge for the year  22,726  205  22,931  Disposal of subsidiaries - Note 30  (3,197)  -  (3,197)  Expiry of leases arrangements  (11,071)  -  (11,071)  Written back on lease modification  (646)  -  (646)  At 31.3.2021  25,890  205  26,095  Accumulated impairment:-  At 1.4.2020 and 31.3.2021  6,541  -  6,541  Net book value:-  At 31.3.2021  19,834  286  20,120   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 15. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (cont'd)

| Leasehold  properties  Motor  vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost:-  At 1.4.2021  52,265  491  52,756  Exchange adjustment  101  -  101  Additions  23,274  491  23,765  Expiry of leases arrangements  (19,731)  -  (19,731)  At 31.3.2022  55,909  982  56,891  Accumulated depreciation:-  At 1.4.2021  25,890  205  26,095  Exchange adjustment  24  -  24  Charge for the year  22,252  429  22,681  Expiry of leases arrangements  (19,731)  -  (19,731)  At 31.3.2022  28,435  634  29,069  Accumulated impairment:-  At 1.4.2021 and 31.3.2022  6,541  -  6,541  Net book value:-  At 31.3.2022  20,933  348  21,281   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  has  entered  into  lease  agreements  to  obtain  the  right  to  use  properties  as  its  office  premises, restaurants, cafØs, cake shops and motor vehicles and as a result recognised corresponding lease liabilities (Note  23).  The  leases  (other  than  short-term  leases)  typically  run  for  an  initial  period  of  1  to  3  years.  In determining the lease term, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

Details of impairment assessment are disclosed in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 15. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (cont'd)

## Variable lease payments

Leases  of  restaurants,  cafØs  and  cake  shops  are  either  with  only  fixed  lease  payments  or  contain  variable lease payment that are based on 9% to 25% (2021: 9% to 25%) of sales and minimum annual lease payment that are fixed over the lease term. The payment terms are common in restaurants, cafØs and cake shops in the locations where the Group operates. Leases of office premises, warehouses, staff quarters and motor vehicles are with fixed lease payments only. The amounts of fixed and variable lease payments paid/payable to relevant lessors (including short-term leases) for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 include:

2021

| Number of  Fixed  Variable  Total  leases  payments  payments  payments  HK'000  HK'000  HK'000  Office premises, warehouse, staff  quarters and a motor vehicle  without variable lease payments  9  7,638  -  7,638  Restaurants, cafØs and cake shops  without variable lease payments  5  4,559  -  4,559  Restaurants, cafØs and cake shops  with variable lease payments  30  19,760  4,751  24,511  Total  44  31,957  4,751  36,708   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2022

| Number of  Fixed  Variable  Total  leases  payments  payments  payments  HK'000  HK'000  HK'000  Office premises, staff quarters and  motor vehicles  without variable lease payments  10  6,849  -  6,849  Restaurants, cafØs and cake shops  without variable lease payments  1  684  -  684  Restaurants, cafØs and cake shops  with variable lease payments  34  22,578  3,260  25,838  Total  45  30,111  3,260  33,371   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  overall  financial  effect  of  using  variable  payment  terms  is  that  higher  rental  costs  are  incurred  by restaurants,  cafØs  and  cake  shops  with  higher  sales.  Variable  rent  expenses  are  expected  to  continue  to represent a similar proportion of restaurants, cafØs and cake shops sales in future years.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 15. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (cont'd)

## Restrictions or covenants on leases

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used by the Group as security for borrowing purposes.

## Rent concessions

During the year ended 31 March 2022, lessors of certain of restaurants, cafØs and cake shops provided rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of Covid-19 pandemic to the Group.

These rent concessions occurred as a direct consequence of Covid-19 pandemic and met all of the conditions in HKFRS 16.46B. The Group applied the practical expedient not to assess whether the changes constitute lease modification. The effects of changes in lease payments due to forgiveness or waiver by the lessors for the relevant lease of HK$460,000 (2021: HK$686,000) were recognised as negative variable lease payments.

## 16.  IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT

The non-financial assets subject to the impairment loss for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 were in relation to Mark Limited (together with its subsidiaries, ' Mark Group '), which is a subsidiary of the Company and is primarily engaged in the operation of a restaurant, cafØs and cake shops in Hong Kong.

During the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021, the Group has consolidated under-performing restaurants to further enhance the structure and reduce unnecessary expenses. The management of the Group expected that the cake shop business, which was the Group's main source of revenue, was less affected by the social distancing  measures. Based on the management's assessment, the corresponding recoverable amounts of certain plant and equipment, other intangible assets and right-of-use assets associated with Mark Group are higher than the carrying amounts, indicating no impairment. No further impairments are recognized to write down the carrying amounts of these items of plant and equipment, other intangible assets and right-of-use assets.

The recoverable  amount  of  Mark  Group  has  been  determined  based  on  a  discount  cash  flow  approach  to estimate the value-in-use. For the year ended 31 March 2022, the forecast period is from the year ending 31 March 2023 to the year ending 31 March 2032 (the ' Forecast Period '),  which  was based on the financial budgets  approved  by  the  senior  management  of  the  Company  covering  a  five-year  period  from  the  year ending 31 March 2023 to the year ending 31 March 2027 while the cash flow forecast for the remaining of the Forecast Period (i.e. the year ending 31 March 2028 to the year ending 31 March 2032) is extrapolated using a long-term growth rate of 0%.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 16. IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT (cont'd)

The  key  assumptions  used  in  determining  the  amount  of  the  impairment  loss  and  those  adopted  in  the impairment review for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 are as follows:-

| Key assumptions  Impairment review  for the year ended  31 March 2022  (the '2022 Forecast')  Impairment review  for the year ended  31 March 2021  (the '2021 Forecast')  Budgeted gross margin  56%  59%  Budgeted operating costs to turnover ratio  52% - 56%  52% - 55%  Annual growth rates in turnover  CafØ operation: 1.8%  Cake shops operation: 3.2%  CafØ operation: -0.7%  Cake shops operation: 5%  Long-term growth rates  0%  0%  Discount rates  23.18%  19.25%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Budgeted gross margin

The budgeted gross margin used in the 2022 Forecast and the 2021 Forecast was the actual gross margins in the previous year. Having considered the slight decrease in the gross margin of Mark Group from the year ended 31 March 2021 to the year ended 31 March 2022 and for the sake of prudence, the budgeted gross margin in the 2022 Forecast is assumed to be 56%, which is the actual figure of gross margin for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## Budgeted operating cost to turnover ratio

Budgeted  operating  costs  of  Mark  Group  for  the  2022  Forecast  included  operating  costs  (including  lease payments) and management service fee. Mark Group continues to implement tight operating cost control and maintained the operating costs to turnover ratio under 60% during the year ended 31 March 2022 and in the 2022 Forecast. As such, the Directors consider that the budgeted operating costs to turnover ratio ranging from 52% to 56% (2021: 52% to 55%) is reasonable and appropriate considering the management's closely monitoring of any under performing restaurants.

## Discount rate

An independent valuer was engaged for the estimation of the appropriate discount rate. The pre-tax discount rates of 23.18% and 19.25% for the 2022 Forecast and the 2021 Forecast were adopted respectively with reference to the weighted-average cost of capital arrived by the independent valuer.

The  management  of  the  Company  believes  that  any  adverse  change  in  the  assumptions  used  in  the calculations of recoverable amounts would result in further impairment losses on plant and equipment, other intangible assets and right-of-use assets associated to Mark Group.

Based on the result of the assessment, the management of the Company determined that the recoverable amount of Mark Group is higher than the carrying amount for the year ended 31 March 2022. Based on the value-in-use calculation and the allocation, no impairment loss was recognized against the carrying amounts of  plant  and  equipment,  other  intangible  assets  and  right-of-use  assets  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022 (2021: Nil).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 17. DEFERRED TAX

The followings were deferred tax liabilities/(assets) recognized by the Group and movements thereon during the year:-

## 18. INVENTORIES

| Tax  losses  Accelerated  depreciation  allowances  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1.4.2020  (805)  474  (331)  Charge for the year - Note 8(a)  808  465  1,273  Disposal of subsidiaries - Note 30  -  (186)  (186)  Exchange adjustments  (3)  -  (3)  At 31.3.2021 and 1.4.2021  -  753  753  (Credit)/charge for the year - Note 8(a)  (283)  35  (248)  At 31.3.2022  (283)  788  505  ## Represented by:-  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Deferred tax liabilities  505  753  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Raw materials  1,743  2,148  Work in progress  24  19  Finished goods  385  3,545  2,152  5,712   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 19. DEBTORS, DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS

Debtors, deposits and prepayments comprise:-

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade debtors  2,642  6,535  Less: loss allowance  (478)  (478)  2,164  6,057  Rental and utility deposits  13,477  11,504  Prepayments  833  947  Other debtors  1,108  622  17,582  19,130   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Loss allowance

Loss allowance in respect of trade debtors is recorded using loss allowance account unless the Group is satisfied that recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the loss allowance is written off against trade debtors.

Movements of loss allowance for trade debtors are as follows:-

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At the beginning and end of the year  478  478   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details  of  impairment  assessment  of  trade  and  other  debtors  and  deposits  paid  are  set  out  in  Note 34(a).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 19. DEBTORS, DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS (cont'd)

## (b) Aging analysis

The Group normally allows credit term of 180 days to its customers for trading of skincare products. The trading terms with the Group's customers for provision of food and beverage services are mainly on cash and credit card settlements, except for well established corporate customers who are granted credit term of 30-60 days. For credit card settlements, the banks normally settle the balances within 2-3 days. The following was an aging analysis of trade debtors (net of loss allowance), which included outstanding balances for credit card settlements, based on the invoice date, at the end of the reporting period:-

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0 - 30 days  1,884  5,979  31 - 60 days  23  29  61 - 90 days  10  13  91 - 180 days  247  36  2,164  6,057   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 19. DEBTORS, DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS (cont'd)

## (c) Trade debtors that are not impaired

The aging analysis of trade debtors that are not considered to be impaired was as follow:-

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Neither past due nor impaired  1,884  5,979  Past due but not impaired:-  1 - 30 days  23  29  31 - 60 days  10  13  61 - 90 days  247  36  280  78  2,164  6,057   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade  debtors  that  were  neither  past  due  nor  impaired  relate  to  customers  for  whom  there  was  no recent history of default.

Trade debtors that were past due but not impaired relate to a number of independent customers that have a good track record with the Group. Based on past experience, management believes that no loss allowance is necessary in respect of these balances as there has not been a significant change in  credit  quality  and the balances are still considered fully recoverable. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by HKFRS 9,  which  permits  the  use  of  the  lifetime  expected  loss  provision  for  trade  debtors.  To  measure  the expected credit losses, these debtors have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the aging from billing. Further information about expected credit loss provision refers to Note 34(a) to the consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 20. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS/TIME DEPOSITS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash and bank balances, including time deposits of  HK$15,000,000 (2021: HK$35,000,000) with original maturity  of less than 3 months  51,474  72,369  Time deposit with original maturity of more than 3 months  10,000  -  61,474  72,369   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Time deposits of HK$25,000,000 (2021: HK$35,000,000) carry fixed interest rate of 1.02% to 1.18% (2021: 0.35%) per annum.

As  at  31  March  2022,  cash  and  cash  equivalents  of  the  Group  which  is  denominated  in  RMB  amounted to  approximately  HK$18,206,000  (2021:  approximately  HK$6,283,000).  Conversion  of  RMB  into  foreign currencies is subject to the PRC's Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.

## 21.  CREDITORS AND ACCRUALS

Creditors and accruals comprise:-

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade creditors  6,700  10,843  Accruals and provisions  13,688  11,431  Other creditors and payables  9,209  7,993  Other loans - Note 21(a)  122,071  114,867  151,668  145,134  Less: amounts classified in non-current liabilities  (257)  (519)  Amounts classified in current liabilities  151,411  144,615   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:-

- (a) Other  loan  of  approximately  HK$102,991,000  (2021:  approximately  HK$112,091,000)  as  at  31  March  2022 is  unsecured,  carries  interest  rate  at  0.1%  per  month  and  repayable  on  22  June  2022.  Remaining  loan  of HK$2,890,000  (2021:  HK$2,776,000)  is  interest-free,  unsecured  and  repayable  on  demand.  On  14  June  2022, Mr.  Tang  Sing  Ming  Sherman,  as  a  lender,  who  is  also  the  sole  beneficial  owner  of  the  convertible  bonds  (Note 24) issued by the Company, signed a memorandum of loans with a subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which repayment date of a loan from Mr. Tang with an outstanding balance of approximately HK$104,119,000 as at 14 June 2022 was extended from 22 June 2022 to 22 June 2023. The Extended Loan bears the same term after the Extension. The rest of the loan from Mr. Tang is interest-free, unsecured and repayable on demand.

Interest  payable  to  this  lender  of  approximately  HK$1,723,000  (2021:  approximately  HK$454,000)  is  included  in other creditors and payables.

Other loan of approximately HK$16,190,000 (2021: Nil) as at 31 March 2022 is unsecured and carries interest rate at 4.35% per annum. Amounts of approximately HK$12,330,000 and HK$3,860,000 are repayable on 28 January 2023 and 23 March 2023, respectively.

Interest payable to this lender of approximately HK$91,000 (2021: Nil) is included in other creditors and payables.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 21. CREDITORS AND ACCRUALS (cont'd)

The following was an aging analysis, based on invoice date, of trade creditors:-

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0 - 30 days  6,026  9,994  31 - 60 days  -  284  61 - 90 days  19  -  91 - 180 days  231  5  Over 180 days  424  560  6,700  10,843   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At beginning of the year  807  770  Decrease as a result of recognising revenue during  the year that was included in the contract liabilities  at the beginning of the year  (352)  (418)  Increase as a result of receiving advance payments from  customers during the year  550  455  At end of the year  1,005  807   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 23. LEASE LIABILITIES

The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group's lease liabilities at the end of the reporting period:-

| Present value of  minimum lease payments  Minimum  lease payments  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amounts payable:-  Within one year  20,337  16,826  20,699  17,139  In the second to fifth year  8,002  10,725  8,312  10,945  28,339  27,551  29,011  28,084  Less: Future finance charges  (672)  (533)  Present value of lease obligation  28,339  27,551   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24.  CONVERTIBLE BONDS

On 21 August 2012, the Company issued Convertible Bonds in the principal amount of HK$80,000,000 to the  then  bondholder  for  the  acquisition  of  subsidiaries.  The  Convertible  Bonds  were  interest  bearing  at  2% per annum with a maturity date on 21 August 2015 which were convertible into shares of the Company at the conversion price of HK$0.08 per share (subject to the standard adjustment clauses relating to share subdivision, share consolidation, capitalization issues and right issues, etc) at any time after the issue date. Details of the Convertible Bonds were set out in the circular of the Company dated 30 July 2012.

On 8 July 2015, the Company entered into the first supplemental deed with the then bondholder pursuant to which the Company and the then bondholder agreed to extend the maturity date of the Convertible Bonds for  36  months  from  the  date  falling  on  the  third  anniversary  to  the  sixth  anniversary  of  the  date  of  issue  of the Convertible Bonds. Save and except the amendment to the maturity date pursuant to the supplemental first deed, all the terms and conditions of the Convertible Bonds remained unchanged, valid and in full force. The supplemental deed was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 10 August 2015.

On 21 August 2015, the then bondholder transferred all Convertible Bonds to Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman ('Mr. Tang' or the 'Bondholder') in consideration of HK$80,000,000.

On  9  October  2015,  Mr.  Tang  exercised  partially  the  conversion  rights  attaching  to  the  Convertible  Bonds in  respect  of  the  principal  amount  of  HK$40,000,000  of  the  Convertible  Bonds  at  the  conversion  price  of HK$0.08 per conversion shares.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 24. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (cont'd)

On 22 May 2017, the conversion price of the outstanding convertible bonds has been adjusted from the initial conversion price of HK$0.08 per ordinary share to HK$0.07 per ordinary share in accordance with the terms of convertible bonds as a result of the completion of the rights issue on 14 June 2017. All other terms of the convertible bonds remained unchanged.

On 15 August  2018,  the  Company  entered  into  the  second  supplemental  deed  with  Mr.  Tang  pursuant  to which the Company and Mr. Tang agreed to extend the maturity date of the Convertible Bonds for 36 months from the date falling on the sixth anniversary to the ninth anniversary of the date of issue of the Convertible Bonds.  Save  and  except  the  amendment  to  the  maturity  date  pursuant  to  the  supplemental  deed,  all  the terms  and  conditions  of  the  Convertible  Bonds  remained  unchanged,  valid  and  in  full  force.  The  second supplemental deed was approved by the Directors of the Company at the board meeting of the Company held on 14 August 2018.

On 13 August 2021, the Company entered into the third supplemental deed with Mr. Tang pursuant to which the Company and Mr. Tang agreed to extend the maturity date of the Convertible Bonds for 36 months from the  date  falling  on  the  ninth  anniversary  to  the  twelfth  anniversary  of  the  date  of  issue  of  the  Convertible Bonds. Save and except the amendment to the maturity date pursuant to the supplemental deed, all the terms and  conditions  of  the  Convertible  Bonds  remain  unchanged,  valid  and  in  full  force.  The  third  supplemental deed was approved by the Directors of the Company at the board meeting of the Company held on 11 August 2021.

The amount represents convertible bonds issued with principal amount of HK$40,000,000 and the maturity will be on the twelfth anniversary of the date of issue of the Convertible Bonds.

The conversion price of the outstanding Convertible Bonds has been adjusted from the initial conversion price of HK$0.07 per share to HK$0.56 per share as a result of the Share Consolidation.

Movement of liability component of convertible bonds for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 was as follow:-

| HK$'000  At 1.4.2020  39,387  Imputed interest expense - Note 6(a)  384  At 31.3.2021 and 1.4.2021  39,771  Imputed interest expense - Note 6(a)  229  At 31.3.2022  40,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 25. CAPITAL AND RESERVES ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY

## (a) Share capital

Ordinary shares of HK$0.08 (2021 (restated): HK$0.08) each

| 2022  2021  Number  Number  of shares  HK$'000  of shares  HK$'000  (restated)  Authorized:-  At the beginning and end of  the year  625,000,000  50,000  625,000,000  50,000  Issued and fully paid:-  At the beginning and  end of the year  520,771,875  41,662  520,771,875  41,662   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 11 January 2022, every eight (8) issued and unissued ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each in the share capital  of  the  Company  were  consolidated  into  one  (1)  ordinary  share  of  HK$0.08  each  in  the  share capital  of  the  Company  and  the  authorized  share  capital  of  the  Company  became  HK$50,000,000 divided into 625,000,000 shares of HK$0.08 each, of which 520,771,875 consolidated Shares are in issue.

## (b) Capital management

The Group's equity capital management objectives are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide an adequate return to owners commensurately with the level of risk. To meet these objectives, the Group manages the equity capital structure and makes adjustments to it in the light of changes in economic conditions by issuing new equity shares, and raising or repaying debts as appropriate.

The  Group's  equity  capital  management  strategy,  which  was  unchanged  from  the  previous  periods, was to maintain a reasonable proportion in total debts and equity capital. The Group monitors equity capital  on  the  basis  of  the  debt-to-equity  capital  ratio,  which  is  calculated  as  net  debt  over  equity capital.  Net  debt  is  calculated  as  total  debt  less  cash  and  cash  equivalents/time  deposits.  Equity capital comprises all components of equity (i.e. share capital, share premium, accumulated losses and reserves).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 26.  RESERVES

The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group's consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company's individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year were set out below:-

| Convertible  bonds  Share  Accumulated  equity  premium  losses  reserve  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1.4.2020  268,875  (282,914)  1,390  (12,649)  Loss and total comprehensive loss for the year  -  (5,485)  -  (5,485)  At 31.3.2021 and 1.4.2021  268,875  (288,399)  1,390  (18,134)  Loss and total comprehensive loss for the year  -  (10,459)  -  (10,459)  At 31.3.2022  268,875  (298,858)  1,390  (28,593)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) The  share  premium  of  the  Company  includes  (i)  shares  issued  at  premium  and  (ii)  the  difference between the nominal value of the shares of the Company issued in exchange for the entire issued share capital and the value of the underlying net assets of its subsidiaries at the date they were acquired by the Company. Under the Companies Law, Cap. 22 of the (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands, the share premium is distributable to the owners of the Company provided that immediately following the date on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.
- (b) As at 31 March 2022 and 2021, in the opinion of the Directors, no reserves are available for distribution to the owners of the Company.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 27. SHARE OPTIONS

The Company adopted two share option schemes on 26 February 2003 ('Old Share Option Scheme') and 20 July 2012 ('New Share Option Scheme'), (collectively referred to as the 'Share Option Schemes').

The committee (the 'Committee') which was authorized and charged by the Directors with the administration of the Share Option Schemes, are authorized, at their discretion, to invite employees of the Group, including any  executive  Director  or  non-executive  Director  of  the  Company  or  other  eligible  employees  to  take  up options to subscribe for the shares of the Company.

A sum of HK$1 is payable by the participant on acceptance of the option offer. As a vesting condition for the Share Option Schemes, the grantees have to be remained as Directors or employees of the Group during the vesting period.

The exercise price of the shares (the  'Exercise  Price')  in  relation  to  options  to  be  granted  under  the  Share Option Schemes shall be determined by the Committee and notified to a participant and shall be at least the higher of:-

- (i) the closing price of the shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange on the date an option is offered (the 'Offer Date'); and
- (ii) the average closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotation sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the Offer Date,

provided that the Exercise Price shall not be lower than the nominal value of the shares.

No share option was granted during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021. As at both dates, there was no share options outstanding under the Share Option Schemes.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 28. CASH FLOW INFORMATION

## (a) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

The table below details changes in the Group's liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash  and  non-cash  changes.  Liabilities  arising  from  financing  activities  are  liabilities  for  which  cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group's consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

| Lease  liabilities  Other loans  Interest payable  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1.4.2020  39,513  124,027  3,201  166,741  Changes from financing cash flows:  Capital element of lease liabilities paid  (22,080)  -  -  (22,080)  Interest element of lease liabilities paid  (1,217)  -  -  (1,217)  Interests paid on other loans  -  -  (4,140)  (4,140)  Decrease in other loans  -  (9,388)  -  (9,388)  16,216  114,639  (939)  129,916  Exchange adjustments  -  228  -  228  Other changes:  New leases entered  17,278  -  -  17,278  Disposal of subsidiaries - Note 30  (5,480)  -  -  (5,480)  Interest expense  1,217  -  1,393  2,610  Lease modification  (1,680)  -  -  (1,680)  At 31.3.2021 and 1.4.2021  27,551  114,867  454  142,872  Changes from financing cash flows:  Capital element of lease liabilities paid  (22,874)  -  -  (22,874)  Interest element of lease liabilities paid  (1,043)  -  -  (1,043)  Increase in other loans  -  7,087  -  7,087  3,634  121,954  454  126,042  Exchange adjustments  78  117  1  196  Other changes:  New leases entered  23,584  -  -  23,584  Interest expense  1,043  -  1,359  2,402  At 31.3.2022  28,339  122,071  1,814  152,224   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 28. CASH FLOW INFORMATION (cont'd)

## (b) Total cash outflow for leases

Amounts included in the consolidated statement of cash flows for leases comprise the following:-

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within:  Operating cash flows  (9,273)  (13,360)  Investing cash flows  (181)  (51)  Financing cash flows  (23,917)  (23,297)  (33,371)  (36,708)  These amounts relate to the following:  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Lease rentals paid  (33,371)  (36,708)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

On 14 May 2021, the Group completed the acquisition of 70% equity interest in 華胤（深圳） 生物科技有限 公司 and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  ' Huayin Group ')  which  are  engaged  in  developing biotechnology  technology  and  skincare  products,  at  a  total  cash  consideration  of  RMB100  (equivalent  to approximately HK$120). The acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 29. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (cont'd)

The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the Huayin Group acquired at the date of acquisition was as follows:

| Note  HK$'000  Plant and equipment  11  246  Inventories  3,948  Debtors, deposits and prepayments  1,397  Cash and bank balances  443  Creditors and accruals  (8,614)  Contract liabilities  (320)  Net liabilities acquired  (2,900)  Non-controlling interests  802  Goodwill  2,098  Cash consideration and net cash flow arising from acquisition of subsidiaries  443   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  non-controlling  interests  recognised  at  the  acquisition  date  were  measured  with  reference  to  the  noncontrolling interests' proportionate share of fair value of the net liabilities at that date.

Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Huayin Group because the cost of the combination effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of expected future revenue growth, future market development and business potential through strategic collaboration with beauty salons, hospitals and pharmacies. These benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

None of the goodwill arising on this acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

Since the acquisition, Huayin Group contributed revenue of HK$914,000 to the Group and loss for the year of HK$3,742,000 to the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022.

Had the acquisition taken place at the beginning of the year, the revenue of the Group and the loss of the Group  for  the  year  would  have  been  HK$171,931,000  and  HK$20,815,000,  respectively.  The  pro-forma information  is  for  illustrative  purposes  only  and  is  not  necessarily  an  indication  of  revenue  and  results  of operations  of  the  Group  that  actually  would  have  been  achieved  had  the  acquisition  been  completed  on  1 April 2021 nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 30. (LOSS)/GAIN ON DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2021,  the  Group  disposed  of  its  entire  issued  share  capital  and  the shareholder's  loan  in  Townsman  Limited  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'Townsman Group')  to  Shirokuma  &amp;  Co.,  which  is  an  independent  third  party,  at  an  aggregate  cash  consideration  of JPY45,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3.3 million).

The net liabilities of the Townsman Group being disposed of were as follows:

| Notes  HK$'000  Plant and equipment  11  1,289  Right-of-use assets  15  5,295  Other intangible assets  14  927  Inventories  287  Debtors, deposits and prepayments  1,449  Income tax recoverable  206  Cash and bank balances  2,541  Creditors and accruals  (7,191)  Deferred tax liabilities  17  (186)  Lease liabilities  (5,480)  Net liabilities disposed of  (863)  Release of exchange reserve  1,671  Release of other reserve  160  968  Non-controlling interests  436  Gain on disposal of subsidiaries  1,893  3,297  Total consideration satisfied by:-  Cash consideration  3,297  Net cash inflow arising:-  Cash consideration received  3,297  Cash and bank balances disposed of  (2,541)  756   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 30. (LOSS)/GAIN ON DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (cont'd)

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  Group  disposed  of  its  entire  issued  share  capital  in 無斑時代 國際生物科技（深圳）有限公司 and  its  subsidiary  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  " 無斑時代 Group")  to  an independent third party, at an aggregate cash consideration of RMB100 (equivalent to approximately HK$123).

The net assets of 無斑時代 Group being disposed of were as follows:

| Notes  HK$'000  Plant and equipment  11  195  Goodwill  13  2,098  Inventories  6,721  Debtors, deposits and prepayments  1,305  Cash and bank balances  579  Creditors and accruals  (9,653)  Net assets disposed of  1,245  Release of exchange reserve  19  1,264  Non-controlling interests  435  Loss on disposal of subsidiaries  (1,699)  -  Total consideration satisfied by:-  Cash consideration  -  Net cash outflow arising:-  Cash consideration received  -  Cash and bank balances disposed of  (579)  (579)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 31.  COMMITMENTS

## Short-term lease commitments

At 31 March 2022, the Group had outstanding short-term lease commitments for properties as follows:-

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within one year  2,247  5,811   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  regularly  entered  into  short-term  leases  for  certain  leasehold  properties  of  office  premises,  staff quarters, cafØs and cake shops. As at 31 March 2022 and 2021, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense disclosed above.

## Capital commitments

At the end of the reporting period, the Group had outstanding capital commitments as follows:-

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Contracted but not provided for  Plant and machinery  -  475  Capital contribution to subsidiaries  8,505  4,141  8,505  4,616   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 32. RELATED PARTY AND CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

The Group had no material transactions with its related parties and connected persons as defined in HKAS 24 and GEM Listing Rules in both years.

The remunerations of Directors (Note 7) and other members of key management personnel during the year ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

| Directors and key management personnel remunerations  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Fees  1,020  1,020  Salaries, allowances and other benefits in kind  3,462  3,503  Retirement scheme contributions  54  54  4,536  4,577   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 33. RETIREMENT BENEFIT COSTS

The Company's subsidiaries in Hong Kong had participated in the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme ('MPF Scheme'). The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately in an independently managed and administered fund.  Contributions  to  the  MPF  Scheme  are  made  by  both  the  employer  and  employees  at  5%  on  the employees' salaries or HK$1,500, whichever is lower.

The Company's subsidiaries in the PRC had participated in the state-sponsored retirement plan, contributions are made by the subsidiaries to the plan based on 14% to 20% of the applicable payroll costs. The Group has no other obligation other than the above-mentioned contributions.

No forfeited contributions may be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contributions.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 34. NATURE AND EXTENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT RISKS

## (a) Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk that a party to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss for the Group by failing to discharge an obligation. The Group has a credit policy in place and exposure to the credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis.

The  carrying  amounts  of  financial  assets  as  at  31  March  2022,  which  represented  the  Group's significant exposure to credit risks, were as follows:-

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Debtors and deposits paid  16,749  18,183  Time deposits  10,000  -  Cash and cash equivalents  51,474  72,369  78,223  90,552   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's credit risk is primarily attributable to debtors, deposits, time deposits and cash and cash equivalents. With respect to trade debtors, the Group has adopted credit policies, which include the analysis of the financial position of its customers and a regular review of their credit limits. The Group maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts and actual losses have been less than management's expectations  and  the  Group  has  policies  in  place  to  ensure  that  sales  are  made  to  clients  with  an appropriate credit history. Also, the Group's time deposits and cash and cash equivalents are held by major financial institutions located in Hong Kong and the PRC, which the management believes are of high credit quality. Accordingly, the overall credit risk is considered limited.

The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECLs prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits the  use  of  the  lifetime  ECL  provision  for  all  trade  debtors.  To  measure  the  ECLs,  trade  debtors have  been  grouped  based  on  shared  credit  risk  characteristics.  The  Group  has  performed  historical analysis and identified the key economic variables impacting credit risk and ECL. It considers available reasonable and supportive forward-looking information.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 34. NATURE AND EXTENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT RISKS (cont'd)

## (a) Credit risk (cont'd)

## Trade debtors

At  31  March  2022,  trade  debtors  that  are  individually  significant  have  been  separately  assessed  for impairment. The Group makes periodic assessments on the recoverability of the receivables based on the background and reputation of the customers, historical settlement records and past experience.

At 31 March 2022, the Group has concentration of credit risk as 27% (2021: 50%) and 69% (2021: 81%) of the total trade debtors were due from the Group's largest customer and five largest customers respectively.

In  respect of trade debtors, the Group's exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer rather than the industry or country in which the customers operate and  therefore  significant  concentrations  of  credit  risk  primarily  arise  when  the  Group  has  significant exposure to  individual  customers.  The  trading  terms  of  the  Group's  customers  for  provision  of  food and beverage services are mainly made on cash, Octopus or via major credit cards, except for well established corporate customers who entitled credit term of 30-60 days and for customers of skincare products  who  normally  entitled  credit  term  of  180  days.  In  view  of  the  history  of  business  dealings with  the  debtors  and  the  sound  collection  history  of  the  receivables  due  from  them,  management believes that there is no material credit risk inherent in the Group's outstanding receivable balance due from these debtors saved for the debtor related to the impaired trade debtors disclosed in the below. Management makes periodic assessment on the recoverability of the trade and other debtors based on historical payment records, the length of overdue period, the financial strength of the debtors and whether there are any disputes with the debtors. The Directors consider the Group's credit risk of these receivables to be low except for the impaired trade debtors disclosed in the below.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 34. NATURE AND EXTENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT RISKS (cont'd)

## (a) Credit risk (cont'd)

The following table provides information about the Group's exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade debtors at 31 March 2022.

| At 31 March 2022  Lifetime  expected  credit loss rate  Gross  carrying  amount  Lifetime  expected  credit loss  Net  carrying  amount  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Provision on individual basis  100%  478  478  -  Provision on collective basis  0%  2,164  -  2,164  2,642  478  2,164  At 31 March 2021  Lifetime  expected  credit loss rate  Gross  carrying  amount  Lifetime  expected  credit loss  Net  carrying  amount  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Provision on individual basis  100%  478  478  -  Provision on collective basis  0%  6,057  -  6,057  6,535  478  6,057   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other debtors and deposits paid

The credit  quality  of  the  other  debtors  excluding  prepayments  has  been  assessed  with  reference  to historical information about the counterparties default rates and financial position of the counterparties. The Directors are of the opinion that the credit risk of other debtors is low due to the sound collection history of the receivables due from them. Therefore, ECL rate of other debtors excluding prepayments is assessed to be close to zero and no provision was made at 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## Time deposits and cash and cash equivalents

The credit risk on time deposits and cash and cash equivalents is limited because the counterparties are banks with high credit-ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies. Accordingly, no loss allowance was provided as the ECL in respect of time deposits and cash and cash equivalents as the amount is not material.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 34. NATURE AND EXTENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT RISKS (cont'd)

## (b) Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities. The Group manages liquidity risk by monitoring its liquidity position through periodic preparation  of  cash  flows  and  cash  balances  forecasts  and  periodic  evaluation  of  its  ability  to  meet financial obligations, measured by the gearing ratio.

Maturities of the financial liabilities of the Group as at 31 March 2022 were as follows:-

| At 31 March 2022  Carrying  amount  Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash flows  Less than  1 year or  on demand  In 2 to  5 years  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total amounts of contractual  undiscounted obligations:-  Lease liabilities  28,339  29,011  20,699  8,312  Convertible bonds  - Liability component  40,000  41,900  800  41,100  Creditors and accruals  149,636  150,529  150,529  -  217,975  221,440  172,028  49,412   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| At 31 March 2021  Carrying  amount  Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash flows  Less than  1 year or  on demand  In 2 to  5 years  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total amounts of contractual  undiscounted obligations:-  Lease liabilities  27,551  28,084  17,139  10,945  Convertible bonds  - Liability component  39,771  40,298  40,298  -  Creditors and accruals  143,318  143,625  143,625  -  210,640  212,007  201,062  10,945   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 34. NATURE AND EXTENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT RISKS (cont'd)

## (c) Currency risk

Currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates.

The following table details the Group's exposure at the end of reporting period to currency risk arising from recognized assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. The exposure arising from the current accounts among the Company and its subsidiaries which form part of net investment in foreign operations is excluded.

| 2022  2021  United  States  Dollar  Renminbi  Japanese  Yen  United  States  Dollar  Renminbi  Japanese  Yen  Taiwan  Dollar  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash and bank balances  93  18,206  21  3  15  21  1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's operations are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures, primarily with respect to the Renminbi, Japanese Yen and Taiwan Dollar. Foreign exchange risk arises from  future  commercial  transactions,  recognized  assets  and  liabilities  and  net  investments  in  foreign operations.

Since Hong Kong Dollar is pegged to United States Dollar, material fluctuation in the exchange rates of Hong Kong Dollar against United States Dollar is remote.

It is estimated that a fluctuation of 5% in foreign exchange rates with all other variables held constant would not have a material impact on the Group's profit/loss for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 and accumulated losses as at these dates.

The Group does not use financial derivatives to hedge against the currency risk. However, the currency risk of the Group is closely monitored by the management to ensure that the net exposure is kept to an acceptable level, by buying and selling foreign currencies at spot rates where necessary to address short-term imbalances.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 34. NATURE AND EXTENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT RISKS (cont'd)

## (d) Interest rate risk

The  Group's  interest  rate  risk  arises  primarily  from  lease  liabilities,  liability  component  of  convertible bonds, other loans, time deposits and bank balances. Except for the lease liabilities, liability component of convertible bonds, other loans and time deposits which are held at fixed interest rates, all the bank balances  are  held  at  variable  rates.  The  Group  does  not  use  financial  derivatives  to  hedge  against the  interest  rate  risk.  However,  the  interest  rate  profile  of  the  Group  is  closely  monitored  by  the management  and  may  enter  into  appropriate  swap  contracts,  when  it  is  considered  significant  and cost-effective, to manage the interest rate risk.

## (i) Effective interest profile

In  respect  of  interest-earning  financial  assets  and  interest-bearing  financial  liabilities,  the following table indicates their effective interest rates per annum at the end of reporting period.

| 2022  2021  Effective  Effective  interest  interest  rate  rate  %  HK$'000  %  HK$'000  Fixed rate financial liabilities  - Lease liabilities  2.82-4.34  (28,339)  3.25-3.72  (27,551)  - Convertible bonds  - liability component  2  (40,000)  3.14  (39,771)  - Creditors and accruals  - other loans  1.2-4.35  (122,071)  1.2  (112,091)  Fixed rate financial assets  - Time deposits  1.02-1.18  25,000  0.35  35,000  Variable rate financial assets  - Bank balances  0.01-0.05  24,679  0.01-0.05  13,312  Net financial liabilities  (140,731)  (131,101)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 34. NATURE AND EXTENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT RISKS (cont'd)

## (d) Interest rate risk (cont'd)

- (ii) It  is  estimated  that  a  general  increase  of  100  basis  points  in  interest  rates,  with  all  other variables  held  constant,  the  Group's  loss  (2021:  profit)  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022 would decrease by approximately HK$247,000 (2021: increase by approximately HK$133,000), and accumulated losses as at that date would decrease by approximately HK$247,000 (2021: approximately HK$133,000).

The sensitivity analysis above has been determined based on the exposure to interest rate for both derivatives and non-derivative instruments at the end of reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the amount of asset and liability outstanding at the end of reporting period was outstanding for the whole year. 100 basis points increase are used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and represent management's assessment of the reasonable possible change in interest rates.

## (e) Market price risk

Market price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument traded in the market will fluctuate because of changes in market prices. As at 31 March 2022 and 2021, the Group did not have any financial instrument which is subject to market price risk.

## (f) Fair values

The carrying amounts of the Group's financial instruments carried at cost or amortized cost were not materially different from their values as at 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 35. SEGMENT AND ENTITY-WIDE INFORMATION

HKFRS 8 requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal reports about components of the Group that are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker (the Directors) in order to allocate resources to the segment and to assess its performance.

- (a) The Group principally operates in one business unit, and has one reportable and operating segment: food  and  beverage.  Accordingly,  the  Group  does  not  have  any  identifiable  segment  or  any  discrete information for segment reporting purpose.

## (b) Geographical information

| PRC  Hong Kong  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  1,424  14,969  170,460  172,906  171,884  187,875  Other income  660  188  2,688  18,345  3,348  18,533  Total revenue  2,084  15,157  173,148  191,251  175,232  206,408  Non-current assets  3,009  508  30,645  32,119  33,654  32,627   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The geographical location of customers is based on the location at which the services were provided or the goods delivered. The geographical location of the non-current assets is based on (i) the physical location of the assets, in the case of plant and equipment (ii) the location of the operation to which they are allocated, in the case of intangible assets, right-of-use assets and goodwill, and (iii) the location of operation to which they are incurred, in the case of deposits paid.

## (c) Major customers

The  Group's  customer  base  is  diversified  and  no  revenues  from  transactions  with  a  single  external customer amount to 10% or more of the Group's revenue for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 36. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Plant and equipment  1  15  Interests in subsidiaries - Note  23,406  21,168  Right-of-use assets  1,650  2,039  25,057  23,222  CURRENT ASSETS  Debtors, deposits and prepayments  683  698  Time deposits  10,000  -  Cash and cash equivalents  24,109  45,598  34,792  46,296  DEDUCT:-  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Creditors and accruals  5,103  4,066  Lease liabilities  1,498  1,455  Convertible bonds  24  -  39,771  6,601  45,292  NET CURRENT ASSETS  28,191  1,004  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  53,248  24,226  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Lease liabilities  179  698  Convertible bonds  24  40,000  -  40,179  698  NET ASSETS  13,069  23,528  REPRESENTING:-  Share capital  25(a)  41,662  41,662  Reserves  26  (28,593)  (18,134)  TOTAL EQUITY  13,069  23,528   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Interests in subsidiaries comprised of investments in subsidiaries of HK$23 (2021: HK$23) and amounts due from subsidiaries of HK$23,406,000 (2021: HK$21,167,000).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 37. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

- (a) On 15 April 2022, the Group acquired the remaining 30% of the issued shares of 華胤 （深圳） 生物科技 有限公司 held by the non-controlling interests for a cash consideration of RMB100.
- (b) On 14 June 2022, Mr. Tang Sing Ming Sherman, as a lender, who is also the sole beneficial owner of the Convertible Bonds issued by the Company, signed a memorandum of loans with a subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which repayment date of a loan from Mr. Tang with an outstanding balance of approximately HK$104,119,000 as at 14 June 2022 was extended from 22 June 2022 to 22 June 2023. The Extended Loan bears the same term after the Extension. The rest of the loan from Mr. Tang is interest-free, unsecured and is repayable on demand.

## 38. ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY

The Directors consider the ultimate holding company as at 31 March 2022 to be Oceanic Fortress Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in BVI.

## RESULTS

| For the year ended 31 March  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  305,543  251,792  188,125  187,875  171,884  (Loss)/profit before income tax  (34,262)  (75,362)  (22,486)  2,851  (20,936)  Income tax (expense)/credit  (4,521)  (1,363)  (667)  (436)  248  Attributable to:-  Owners of the Company  (37,687)  (75,916)  (22,967)  2,521  (19,810)  Non-controlling interests  (1,096)  (809)  (186)  (106)  (878)  (Loss)/profit for the year  (38,783)  (76,725)  (23,153)  2,415  (20,688)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial Summary

## Financial Summary

## ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

| At 31 March  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  83,495  19,721  47,742  32,627  33,654  CURRENT ASSETS  145,029  149,762  104,527  97,211  81,408  DEDUCT:-  CURRENT LIABILITIES  216,038  163,296  182,451  202,429  172,753  NET CURRENT LIABILITIES  (71,009)  (13,534)  (77,924)  (105,218)  (91,345)  TOTAL ASSETS LESS  CURRENT LIABILITIES  12,486  6,187  (30,182)  (72,591)  (57,691)  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  (1,741)  (71,576)  (57,993)  (11,997)  (48,764)  NET ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)  10,745  (65,389)  (88,175)  (84,588)  (106,455)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|