<!-- image -->

STOR-AGE PROPERTY REIT LIMITED

## INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT

## 2022

Stor-Age Property REIT Limited ('Stor-Age', the 'Company' or the 'Group') is the leading and largest self storage property fund and brand in South Africa. We have successfully developed, acquired and managed self storage properties across South Africa for more than 15 years. In November 2017, we entered the United Kingdom (UK) with the strategic acquisition of Storage King - the sixth largest self storage brand in the UK. Stor-Age is a local market pioneer that introduced high-profile Big Box self storage properties in high-visibility and easily accessible prime suburban locations in South Africa.

Our 85-property portfolio comprises 485 800 m 2  of gross lettable area (GLA), which is strategically concentrated in South Africa's largest cities and in key markets in the UK. We service approximately 45 000 tenants. Stor-Age listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) on 16 November 2015.

## SNAPSHOT

| Listing date  November 2015  JSE sector  Speciality REITs  Profile  Highly specialised, low risk, income paying self storage REIT  Self storage universe  11 publicly traded self storage REITs  (US: 6, UK: 2, EU  1  : 1, Aus: 1, SA: 1)  Market capitalisation  R6.6 billion²   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Total  South Africa  United Kingdom  Investment property value  R9.26 bn  R5.04 bn  R4.22 bn  Number of properties 3  85  55  30  Total number of tenants  44 800  28 300  16 500  Total GLA 4  485 800 m 2  384 800 m 2  101 000 m 2  Occupancy  88.1%  88.1%  88.3%  Loan to value (LTV) ratio  27.9%  23.2%  32.5%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Shurgard Self Storage, listed on Euronext Brussels, is not a REIT, but included in universe.

2 As at 30 June 2022. All other data presented as at 31 March 2022.

3 Includes trading properties held in JVs and managed by the Group.

4 GLA - gross lettable area.

## INTRODUCING OUR 2022 INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT

This report explains our strategy, our operating environment,  the  key  opportunities  and  risks  in  our South African and UK markets, our financial and nonfinancial  performance,  and  our  expectations  for  the year  ahead.  We  focus  on  material  environmental, social and governance matters which we determine

## SCOPE OF THIS REPORT

This  report  presents  the  financial  results  and  the environmental, social and governance performance of the Group for the financial year ended 31  March  2022.  Its  content  encompasses  all divisions and subsidiaries of the Group, across all regions of operation in South Africa and the UK.

## ASSURANCE

The Company's external auditors, BDO South Africa Inc., have independently audited the financial statements  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022. Their  unqualified  audit  report  is  set  out  on  pages 132 to 135. The scope of their audit is limited to the information set out in the financial statements on pages 136 to 237.

through board discussions, market research, stakeholder  engagement,  continual  risk  assessments and reviews of prevailing trends in our industry and the  global  economy.  This  report  does  not  discuss matters which we do not consider material.

## ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The  Company  contact  details  are  listed  on  the inside back cover.

## FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This  report  contains  forward-looking  statements regarding the Group's results and operations which, by their nature, involve risk and uncertainty as they relate to events that depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Readers are therefore  cautioned  not  to  place  undue  reliance on  these  forward-looking  statements  which  have not been reviewed or reported on by the Group's external auditors.

## RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT AND REVIEW

The audit and risk committee and the board acknowledge their responsibility to ensure the integrity of this report. It has been reviewed by the audit and risk committee, the board, Company secretary and sponsor. The financial statements included in this integrated annual report have been audited by the external auditors.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Graham Blackshaw Non-executive Chairman

Gavin Lucas Chief executive officer

Stephen Lucas Financial director

Kelly de Kock Chair: Audit and risk committee

## CONTENTS

Corporate information Registration number: 2015/168454/06 ISIN: ZAE000208963 Share code: SSS Approved as a REIT by the JSE Limited Shares in issue: 432 881 143 (31 March 2021).

3 3 5 7 16 17 20 26 33 37 37 46 56 57 58 63 72 83 88 120 123 124 238 240 244 247 249 250 251 263 266 267

INTRODUCING STOR-AGE

| About Stor-Age  Highlights  Chairman's letter  OUR BUSINESS  What we do  Storage King  How we do it  Our growth strategy  OUR PERFORMANCE  CEO's report  Financial review  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  Our ESG strategy  Environmental sustainability  Social sustainability  Corporate governance  Audit and risk management report  Remuneration committee report  Social and ethics committee report  Investment committee report  ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  APPENDIX 1  Unaudited distributable earnings and ratios  APPENDIX 2  SA REIT Best Practice Recommendations  disclosure  UNAUDITED PROPERTY PORTFOLIO  INFORMATION  Analysis of ordinary shareholders  Shareholders' diary  Annexure: Glossary of terms  NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  FORM OF PROXY  ANNEXURE 1:  CVs of directors for  re-election to the board and election  to the audit and risk committee  ADMINISTRATION   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INTRODUCING STOR-AGE

## ABOUT STOR-AGE

Stor-Age  is  the  leading  and  largest  self  storage  property  fund  and  brand  in South Africa, and the first and only self storage Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) listed on any emerging market exchange. November 2021 marked the six-year anniversary since listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE). During this period we have successfully grown the portfolio from 24 to 85 properties, GLA from 181 500 m 2  to 485 800 m 2  and the value of the property portfolio by more than sevenfold to R10.2 billion 1 . We continue to deploy capital strategically, adding quality and scale to our high-quality portfolio in South Africa and the UK on a select basis and in-line with our strict investment criteria.

Our  highly  specialised  business  focuses  on  the  fastgrowing  self  storage  sector  -  a  niche  subsector  of the  broader  commercial  property  market.  Stor-Age develops,  acquires  and  manages  high-quality  self storage properties that enable us to compete strongly in new market segments and grow our market share. This allows us to benefit from economies of scale and produce  favourable  operating  margins.  Stor-Age  is managed internally.

The South African  portfolio  comprises  55  properties, totalling  384  800  m 2 and  represents  R5.04  billion in value. In the UK, Stor-Age owns a 97.8% majority interest  in  Storage  King,  comprising  30  properties with 101 000 m 2  GLA and representing R4.22 billion in value 2 .

## DYNAMIC SELF STORAGE SECTOR SPECIALISTS

Leading and largest self storage property fund in South Africa

SA portfolio - exceptional quality and almost impossible to replicate, assembled from scratch

UK market entry, growth and performance - nuanced, skilfully executed and highly successful, with excellent growth prospects

Business model based on global best practice

Bespoke, best-in-class new developments in prime locations - unlock value and support outperformance over medium term

Market-leading operations and digital platform

16 year track record of developing, tenanting and operating self storage assets Investment in sustainable technology to support business efficiency

| Portfolio  South  Africa  United  Kingdom  Pipeline  Portfolio  Number of properties  85  55  30  14 3  GLA (m 2 )  485 800 m 2  384 800 m 2  101 000 m 2  81 800  Loan to value (LTV) ratio  27.9%  23.2%  32.5%  n/a   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Includes trading properties held in JVs and managed by the Group.

2 The 101 000 m 2  GLA and R4.22 billion in value excludes trading properties held in JVs in the UK. Including JV properties, the Storage King portfolio comprises 120 700 m 2  GLA and represents R5.58 billion in value.

3 Includes 10 properties in South Africa and four properties in the UK.

## ABOUT STOR-AGE (continued)

## OUR INVESTMENT CASE

-  Dynamic sector specialists, allowing for focused attention
-   Consistently outperformed the listed property index and South African REITs since listing in 2015 - outperforming by c.189%¹
-   Self storage business model - proven its resilience through various economic cycles, including throughout the pandemic
-   Distribution underpinned by robust self storage metrics
-   Significant secured pipeline of acquisition and development opportunities
- ¹ Bloomberg, as at 31 May 2022
-   Proven ability to identify, close and integrate value-add acquisitions
-   Strong cash flow
-   Favourable operating margins
-   Attractive earnings growth
-   Healthy balance sheet and conservative gearing
-   Low bad debt record
-   Low obsolescence and ongoing maintenance capex
-   High barriers to entry in key target locations

## is underpinned by

## OUR SUCCESS DRIVERS

-   Management - founder led and vastly experienced, true-sector specialists
-   Operations platform
- -Highly sophisticated and dual market
- -Scalable and the key to unlocking value
-   Diversified tenant risk (44 800 tenants across South Africa and the UK)
-   Prominent locations on main roads or arterials, with high visibility to passing traffic
-   Committed and passionate employees
-   Average length of stay in South Africa 23.7 months

## OUR VISION

To be the best self storage business in the world

## OUR MISSION

To rent space

## OUR CORE VALUES

Excellence • Sustainability • Relevance • Integrity

-   Average length of stay in UK - 30.8 months
-   Growing demand and awareness among customers
-   Strong customer satisfaction, with customer service rated as 'excellent' in 2022 according to the global Net Promoter Score (NPS) standard
-   In South Africa, 54% (2021: 53%) of customers have been storing for more than one year
-   In the UK, 56% (2021: 54%) of customers have been storing for more than one year

## and

## HIGHLIGHTS

<!-- image -->

2

Net of leasehold obligations and excludes properties held in JVs.

<!-- image -->

## CHAIRMAN'S LETTER

I am pleased to report that Stor-Age has delivered another excellent set of results, demonstrating  the  ongoing  resilience  of  the  Group's  business  model  which continues to move Stor-Age forward despite considerable economic and market uncertainty. Driven by strong organic growth in both South Africa and the UK, the successful integration of acquisitions and the further expansion of the portfolio through new developments, Stor-Age has delivered an outstanding financial and operational performance.

## A UNIQUE VALUE PROPOSITION, UNDERPINNED BY A TRACK RECORD OF DELIVERY

Stor-Age  remains  a  highly  specialised  income  paying REIT. It is one of only 11 publicly traded self storage REITs globally and the only one to be listed on an emerging market  exchange.  In  September  2019,  Stor-Age  was included in the JSE SA Property Index (SAPY), recognising our clear strategy, consistent growth and strong financial performance since listing.

A  niche  asset  class  uncorrelated  to  traditional  drivers of property, Stor-Age has consistently  outperformed the SAPY since its listing in 2015. Assuming R100  was  invested  on  the  date  of  our  listing in November  2015  and  provided  that  the  full  pre-tax dividend was  reinvested, the  investment  would  be worth  R235  on  30  June  2022.  This  is  compared  to the  same investment in the JSE All Share Index, which would be worth R175, or in the SAPY, which would be worth R83.

## SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE - RELATIVE TO SAPY

<!-- image -->

## CHAIRMAN'S LETTER (continued)

## UK REIT SECTOR - SELF STORAGE THE STANDOUT

Self storage was the leading performer across all UK REIT subsectors for the 12-month period ended March 2022

Stor-Age benefits from significant and growing exposure (c.50%) to GBP assets through Storage King UK listed real estate experienced a strong recovery in 2021, and despite giving back some gains in early 2022, the sector delivered a one-year total shareholder return of 21% vs 13% for the wider market. With the pandemic accelerating underlying fundamentals, self storage was a significant beneficiary, with a sizable step up in occupancy levels as the sector has continued to mature.

## UK real estate comfortable outperformer (Total return) 1

<!-- image -->

## Self storage, logistics and small caps the winners 2

<!-- image -->

1

2

Bloomberg

DataStream

Our  relative performance  since  listing  demonstrates the attractive diversification benefits Stor-Age offers compared to other SAPY constituents. It also speaks to the strength of our business model, which is based on global best practice and a unique, scalable developing and  first-world dual-market operating platform. This is  underpinned  by  our  specialist  sector  skills  and  the experience  of  our  seasoned  management  team.  The combined  strength of these attributes is  evidenced by  more  than  a  decade  of  successfully  acquiring, developing, leasing and operating self storage assets in South Africa and the UK.

Since listing, we have grown the portfolio from 24 to 85 properties,  reflecting  an  increase  in  the  total  available space to let  from  181  500  m²  to  485  800  m².  This growth represents an increase in the value of the portfolio at  listing  from  R1.4  billion  to  approximately  R10.2 1 billion at year end.

Stor-Age  is  the  largest  self  storage  property  fund  and most recognisable industry brand in South Africa. Assembled from scratch and offering exceptional quality, the South African portfolio comprises 55 properties and represents  a  value  of  R5.04  billion.  The  UK  portfolio,  which operates under the Storage King brand, offers excellent growth prospects. It has been strategically grown post our  market  entry  into  the  UK  in  November  2017  and now comprises 30 properties, representing a value of R4.22 billion.

## SECTOR FUNDAMENTALS REMAIN ROBUST, SUPPORTING A RESILIENT PERFORMANCE

The  past  year  continued  to  present  challenges.  The pandemic  remained  disruptive,  with  additional  waves of  infection,  new  variants  and  lockdown  restrictions slowing economic recovery. In South Africa, the social and economic consequences of looting and civil unrest further undermined growth.

As a specialist asset class that is needs-based and recession-resilient, self storage offers financial performance  and  growth  prospects  in  the  face  of these challenges. Additionally, the self storage industry continues to benefit from longer-term structural changes accelerated by the pandemic, which gave rise to new drivers of demand. The sector themes and trends fuelling this  demand  are  equally  present  in  both  first-world markets and South Africa.

These  changes  include,  for  example,  greater  demand for  self  storage  due  to  home  improvements,  business disruption, flexible working arrangements and an increasingly mobile population. The e-commerce boom has also created a need for mini-warehousing space from which to operate small scale storage and e-fulfilment or last mile delivery hubs. Our prime location self storage properties  offer  a  perfect  point  of  convergence  for these needs as they are secure and often close to the end  consumer.  These  demand  drivers  complement  the

- 1 Total portfolio value including properties held in JVs and managed by the Group.

<!-- image -->

## CHAIRMAN'S LETTER (continued)

## AVERAGE LENGTH OF STAY

<!-- image -->

12%

12%

## DEMAND PROFILE 2 - 3 years 2 - 3 years

2 - 3 years

16%

10%

2 - 3 years

SA

UK

SA

16%

10%

2 - 3 years

SA

UK

SA

Demand is driven by two significant customer groups: those needing the product for short stays due to life-changing events (&lt; 6 months: 30%) and those requiring the product for longer term space requirements (&gt;1 year: 50%+). 6% Other 36% 1 20% &gt;1 - 2 years 6 - 12 months 18% &gt;1 - 2 years 16% 6 - 12 months 12% 10% 2 - 3 years 6% Other 36% 1 20% &gt;1 - 2 years 6 - 12 months 18% &gt;1 - 2 years 16% 6 - 12 months 12% 10% 2 - 3 years

14%

14%

2 - 3 years

Business needs

16%

16%

6 - 12 months

Business needs

## 15% 20% 20% REASONS FOR STORING

Lifestyle choice

&gt;1 - 2 years

19%

19%

6 - 12 months

Business needs

18%

15%

Business needs

Lifestyle choice

18%

&gt;1 - 2 years

Other

Other

16%

16%

6 - 12 months

&gt;1 - 2 years

&gt;1 - 2 years

6 - 12 months

<!-- image -->

39%

Commercial

## SELF STORAGE - A NEEDS DRIVEN PRODUCT 39% Commercial 59% 59%

## SA 39% SA 39% RESIDENTIAL/COMMERCIAL TENANCY 2

Commercial

Commercial

UK

1%

Commercial

9%

9%

Lifestyle choice

1%

All tenants initially use our product due to a tangible need. This makes the business case cyclically resilient. Moving home Renovations Moving home Renovations

26%

Commercial

UK

26%

Commercial

<!-- image -->

Residential

## RESIDENTIAL VERSUS COMMERCIAL TENANTS

Commercial tenants typically store in a larger unit size than residential customers and tend to stay for a longer period of time.

- 1 Significant decrease in Moving home - 35% (FY21: 45%) and increase in Other category - 36% (FY21: 24%), is largely as a result of acquisitions concluded during the period and the merging of historical customer data.
- 2 By GLA.

Commercial

Lifestyle choice

historical  demand  driver  for  self  storage  being  'lifechanging  events'  such  as  separation,  bereavement, downsizing, emigration and home moves which occur regardless of economic conditions.

The  underlying  strength  of  the  asset  class  enabled  the Group  to  capitalise  on  these  and  other  opportunities during  the  year  to  deliver  a  resilient  performance  and strategically identify and execute value enhancing acquisitions.

Enquiry  levels,  our  lead  indicator  of  demand,  remain elevated and  continued to grow  during the year. Total  occupancy  (excluding  the  impact  of  looting  on our Waterfall property in KwaZulu-Natal) increased by 9 700 m² year-on-year in South Africa and by 14 400 m² year-on-year in the UK, with occupancy finishing the year at 88.1% in South Africa and 88.3% in the UK. Group self  storage  rental  income  and  net  property  operating income  were  up  15.0%  and  16.7%  respectively  for the year.

In  South  Africa,  the  acquisitions  of  Silver  Park  Self Storage and Green Cube Self Storage, as well as the commencement  of  trading  at  three  newly-developed properties, positioned us well in a low growth macroenvironment.  This  growth  is  supplemented  by  a robust development pipeline. The addition of nine welllocated  high-quality  properties  at  a  total  cost  of  more than £100.0 million across three acquisitions in the UK during the year demonstrates our ability to source, fund and  conclude  high-quality  acquisitions  in  this  market. These  acquisitions  are  further  evidence  of  our  ability to  scale  our  business  in  a  manner  that  satisfies  our investment criteria.

Our joint venture (JV) model with Moorfield in the UK and Nedbank in South Africa (announced in 2021) affords us  the  opportunity  to  grow  and  achieve  further  scale in  both markets while providing an attractive return on invested capital. It also allows us to mitigate the financial impact of the lease-up of newly developed self storage properties which can take a number of years to reach a stabilised and mature occupancy level.

A  consistent  and  underlying  theme  in  executing  our growth strategy has been the conservative management of our balance sheet, which ensures adequate liquidity to  withstand  any  challenges  and  added  flexibility  to target select development and acquisition opportunities as they arise. The Group bolstered its liquidity and further strengthened the balance sheet during the year via an oversubscribed  bookbuild  in  January  that  successfully raised R575 million in equity as well as by finalising a restructure of our GBP debt facilities with UK lenders. The strong demand evidenced in the bookbuild is testament to the high regard in which Stor-Age is held and reflects investor support for our growth strategy.

Read  more  about  the  strategic  initiatives  undertaken during the year in the CEO's report on page 37.

## ONGOING PROGRESS IN PURSUING OUR ESG GOALS

The  Group's  ESG  Framework  continued  to  guide  how we monitor our impact on the economy, the workplace, the social environment and the natural environment. This framework aligns our Vision and Core Values with the six Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) most relevant to our business and takes guidance from the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

In  particular,  we  recognise  the  urgency  of  the  climate crisis. The Group has long identified climate-related risk as  a  strategic  business  risk  and  therefore  continuously monitors  what  is  needed  to  formulate  an  effective response.  This  is  underpinned  by  close  supervision  by the board with the support of its subcommittees.

In both markets, Stor-Age continues to address sustainable practices  in  the  areas  of  energy  efficiency,  renewable energy  generation  and  reducing  CO 2 emissions.  To date, the Group has invested R12 million in renewable energy. In addition, Stor-Age undertook major initiatives during the year to propel the Group's sustainable energy journey forward.

As part  of  the  UK  debt  restructure,  the  Group  entered into  its  first  sustainability-linked  loan  facility  with  Aviva Investors  to  refinance  five  existing  UK  properties.  The facility targets the achievement of certain KPIs to reduce the  loan  margin.  These  KPIs  include  solar  installations, reducing scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions and developing a net zero carbon pathway using sciencebased targets.

Looking  across  the  Group  more  broadly,  and  in  line with Stor-Age's continued focus on environmental sustainability,  during  the  year  the  Group  selected  an independent sustainability consultant to set energy and water consumption and carbon emissions baselines for properties in the South African and UK portfolios. These baseline measurements will be used to set medium-term performance  indicators  to  reduce  our  environmental impact and assist in the development of a Group-wide net zero energy strategy.

As a board, we are pleased with the Group's progress from  an  environmental  perspective  and  in  terms  of Stor-Age's ongoing investment in socio-economic development and the upskilling and development of its people. Details of these activities are covered more fully in the CEO's report and in the Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance section of this report.

The Group's ESG framework continued to guide how we monitor our impact on the economy, the workplace, the social environment and the natural environment.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Locally,  we  remain  optimistic  about  the  opportunities the  country  presents.  However,  as  recently  raised  by the  South  African  Property  Owners'  Association,  we are concerned about the state of South Africa's ageing infrastructure and the condition of most of the country's local  municipalities.  These  matters  present  particular ESG-related risks to the country.

The provision of basic services to people and effective local governance plays a critical role in supporting the overall  well-being  of  society  and  also  in  ensuring  that economic activity can be sustained. The social, economic and  human  consequences  of  poor  maintenance  were highlighted  during  the  tragic  and  devastating  floods recently  seen  in  KwaZulu-Natal,  where  rapid,  high rainfall placed exceptional strain on ageing infrastructure.

As a business committed to playing our part in South  Africa's  economic  turnaround,  we  will  continue to invest  in  growing  our  portfolio  responsibly.  This includes  investing  in  our  people  and  in  sustainable energy and water infrastructure. We also hope to see greater  engagement  on  this  important  matter  between government, industry and the private sector.

## PERFORMANCE BACKED BY SOLID GOVERNANCE

The board is ultimately responsible framework of governance and oversight.

for guiding the Group's strategy and performance within an appropriate This includes maintaining a comprehensive view of the risks and opportunities facing the Group across our South African and UK operations to ensure stakeholder interests are safeguarded.

<!-- image -->

## CHAIRMAN'S LETTER (continued)

To  improve  the  board's  understanding  of  the  UK  self storage  market  and  reduce  overall  risk  exposure,  our UK operations are included in the regular risk reviews conducted  by  the  audit  committee.  This  ensures  a comprehensive view of the risks and opportunities facing the Group.

The board continues to exercise oversight of the Group's growth  strategy,  which  provides  a  clear  framework  to guide  decision-making.  The  strength  of  this  strategy and framework was evidenced through our investment activities during the year. These activities required strict adherence to a well-defined process, including meeting key investment hurdles when considering new acquisition or development opportunities. As a result of these strict investment criteria, the Group chose not to proceed with several potential transactions during the year.

As noted in last year's remuneration report, we approved the introduction of a short-term incentive plan and adjusted executive remuneration for FY22 to ensure it is marketrelated  and  reflective  of  the  roles  and  responsibilities performed.

For the first time since listing in 2015, a non-executive director (NED) remuneration benchmarking  exercise was  undertaken  to  determine  whether  the  NEDs  are remunerated at market related levels.

With  the  expansion  into  the  UK  in  2017,  the  growth in the investment property portfolio to over R10 billion, and the joint ventures with Moorfield and Nedbank, the business  has  become  significantly  more  complex  than it  was in the early years after the listing in 2015. The results  of  the  benchmarking  exercise  confirmed  that NED remuneration for all roles was significantly below the median of the comparator group. It was decided to propose adjustments to the FY23 NED remuneration, to be approved by shareholders at the forthcoming AGM, to ensure that it is more in line with acceptable levels. Further details are set out in the remuneration report on page 88.

The board undertook a detailed self-evaluation in FY22 to  assess  performance  and  to  identify  improvement opportunities. Pleasingly, this evaluation highlighted the board's high ethical standards and the active exercise of its  oversight duties. The evaluation also recognised the board's  diversity  of  skills,  experience  and  perspectives which  allowed  it  to  meaningfully  support  Stor-Age's vision and strategy. Ahead of the next board assessment, which will  be  conducted  in  FY24,  we  plan  to  review the content and format of the self-evaluation to ensure it remains best in class.

As an outcome  of the focused implementation of our  Transformation  Plan  and  our  philosophy  to  drive empowerment  from  within  the  Group,  we  achieved compliance with the amended Property Sector Codes. These codes support transformation within the property sector, and we remain committed to contributing to this transformation in a meaningful manner.

<!-- image -->

1

Copyright and trademarks are owned by the Institute of Directors in South Africa NPC and all of its rights are reserved.

## OUTLOOK AND THANKS

The past two years have been a time of great uncertainty globally,  nationally  and  individually,  and  there  are  no economies  and  few  businesses  that  have  not  been negatively impacted. To deliver the consistent financial performance  for  which  Stor-Age  has  become  known through  these  difficult  times  is  no  small  achievement, and to show not only stability but strong growth during the past financial year is exceptional. While there are persistent  economic  headwinds  nationally  and  cause for  concern  internationally,  Stor-Age  has  every  reason to  remain  confident  that  whatever  challenges  the  year ahead may present, its specialist skills, clear strategy and resilience as an asset class will allow it to move forward with a careful sense of optimism.

I  would  like  to  thank  our  highly  capable  teams  in South  Africa  and  the  UK  for  their  relentless  pursuit  of excellence.  Driven  by  the  example  of  our  executive management team, the focus, energy and pride shown by all employees is palpable and is key to the success of the business. I would also like to thank my dedicated team of  fellow  non-executive  directors  for  their  insight, invaluable expertise and  active contribution to the governance and strategic guidance of Stor-Age.

The  Group  approaches  the  new  financial  year  with optimism,  with  a  full  belief  in  its  strategy  and  growth prospects,  and  with  confidence  that  it  can  meet  the expectations of all of its stakeholders.

Graham Blackshaw Chairman 29 July 2022

<!-- image -->

I would like to thank our highly capable teams in South Africa and the UK for their relentless pursuit of excellence.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## OUR BUSINESS

WHAT WE DO STORAGE KING HOW WE DO IT OUR GROWTH STRATEGY

## OUR BUSINESS

## WHAT WE DO

Our portfolio comprises 85 self storage properties across South Africa and the UK, with a combined value of R10.2 billion.

Stor-Age rents space to both individuals and businesses, on a short-term flexible lease basis. Across our portfolio of 85 properties, we manage approximately 45 000 tenants.

We  experienced  an  average  monthly  churn 1   rate of 5.4% in South Africa, with more than 1 600 new tenants moving in on average each month. In the UK, we  experienced  an  average  monthly  churn  rate  of 9.0% with over 900 new tenants moving in on average every month.

Our  average  unit  size  in  the  UK  of  approximately 6 m 2 is considerably smaller than our average unit size in  South  Africa  of  approximately  12  m 2 .  The  smaller average unit size in the UK contributes directly to the higher churn rate.

We continue  to  improve  our  operating  platform  and infrastructure  to  maximise  revenue,  reduce  costs  and ultimately deliver enhanced returns. At a property level, our people and the high-quality, secure and convenient space  offered  by  our  portfolio  attract  and  retain  a diverse customer base.

## ACQUIRING AND DEVELOPING PROPERTIES

## ACQUISITION CAPABILITY

Our  leading  corporate  platform,  skilled  operational management team, industry relationships and specialist sector experience ensure that Stor-Age is well-positioned to  identify  and capitalise on strategic acquisition and development opportunities with attractive growth potential. This is evidenced by our successful acquisition and development track record since listing.

We  have  also  consistently  demonstrated  our  ability to  close  transactions  and  integrate  trading  properties seamlessly  onto  our  operating  platform.  Since  the start  of  2017,  we  have  successfully  completed  16 transactions to complement our ongoing success in the South African and UK markets.

During  the  year  we  acquired  two  independent  self storage  properties  in  Cape  Town.  In  the  UK  we concluded three acquisitions, totalling nine properties.

The  South  African  acquisitions  included  Silver  Park Self  Storage  ('Silver  Park')  and  Green  Cube  Self Storage ('Green Cube'). The Silver Park property is located alongside Okavango Road in Brackenfell in Cape Town's northern suburbs with 7 600 m² GLA. The  acquisition  was  completed  in  November  2021

for  a  purchase  consideration  of  R60.1  million.  In December  2021  we  completed  the  acquisition  of the  Green  Cube  property,  located  in  Cape  Town's southern suburbs with 5 500 m² GLA, for a purchase consideration of R48.0 million.

Both properties complement the existing portfolio and present  an  excellent  opportunity  for  occupancy  and rental rate growth.

The UK acquisitions included two multi-store portfolios, McCarthy's  Storage  World  ('McCarthy's'),  with  four properties  in  Yorkshire  and  Storagebase,  with  two properties in the south west, one property in the south east and a further property in the West Midlands. Read more about our UK acquisitions on page 23.

## DEVELOPMENTS

Stor-Age develops investment-grade self storage properties in  visible,  convenient  and  accessible  locations  where there  are  favourable  demographics  and  where  suitable acquisitions  are  not  available.  The  decision  to  develop is  based  on  the  cost  of  development  versus  the  cost  of acquisition,  the  demographic  market  analysis  and  the existence of barriers to entry. Our model for developing established  properties  and  expanding  existing  ones  in South  Africa  and  the  UK  is  well-developed  with  clearly defined key success criteria.

At year end, Stor-Age's secured development pipeline in South Africa comprised ten properties with an approximate development  cost  of  R900  million,  which  will  add  an estimated 60 800 m² GLA to the portfolio.

During the year we completed the development of three properties at Sunningdale (6 350 m 2 GLA at a cost of R65.0 million) and Tyger Valley (7 100 m 2 GLA at a cost of R96.0 million) in Cape Town, and Cresta (7 400 m 2 GLA, at a cost of R102.0 million) in Johannesburg.

Sunningdale and Tyger Valley opened their doors and began trading in May 2021. Cresta began trading in September 2021.

## NEDBANK JV

In  September  2021  Stor-Age  announced  a  JV  with Nedbank Property Partners, a division of Nedbank, to develop two high profile properties in Morningside and Bryanston. The properties will be branded and managed by Stor-Age.

Nedbank has been a primary debt funder to Stor-Age for more than a decade and has a detailed understanding

1 The average monthly churn rate is calculated by dividing monthly move-outs by opening occupancy.

## WHAT WE DO (continued)

of  the  self  storage  asset  class.  Construction  at  both properties has commenced.

Each  party  owns  a  50%  equity  interest  in  the  JV  with certain  rights  to  acquire/dispose  of  their  respective equity interest to the other party. Stor-Age will earn fees from developing and managing the properties.

The  JV  with  Nedbank  enables  Stor-Age  to  grow  and achieve  further  scale  in  South  Africa  whilst  providing an attractive return on invested capital. It also allows for the mitigation of the financial impact of the lease-up of newly developed self storage properties which can take a number of years to reach a stabilised and mature level of occupancy.

Moving forward, it is anticipated that the majority of new developments will be completed in a JV structure with a development partner.

## MORNINGSIDE AND BRYANSTON

Construction is currently underway at Morningside (7  400  m²  GLA)  and  Bryanston  (4  700  m²  GLA)  in Johannesburg,  at  an  estimated  development  cost  of R125.0 million and R75.0 million respectively.

Both properties are exceptionally well located and will benefit from prime exposure to passing traffic, with the Morningside  property  situated  alongside  the  Wedge Shopping Centre on Rivonia Drive, and the Bryanston property positioned alongside the Virgin Active at Grosvenor Crossing.

## PINELANDS AND PAARDEN EILAND

Planning is in progress to convert two prime properties in Cape Town into modern, bespoke Big Box self storage properties. Construction is scheduled to start during FY23.

Pinelands (7 300  m 2 GLA) and Paarden Eiland (4 700 m 2  GLA), at an estimated development cost of R80.0 million and R59.0 million respectively, are both superbly  located.  The  Pinelands  property  is  situated on the  corner  of  Howard  Drive  and  Gardeners  Way, opposite  Howard  Centre,  and  the  Paarden  Eiland property enjoys high exposure to the busy Marine Drive.

## KRAMERVILLE

In  Johannesburg,  planning  is  currently  in  progress  to convert  the  well  located  Kramerville  property.  At  an estimated  total  development  cost  of  R55.0  million, the  property  is  forecast  to  have  4  700  m 2 GLA.  The property is ideally suited to self storage conversion, with the  necessary  structural  load  capacity.  It  benefits  from existing drive-up access across multiple levels, as well as from high visibility on the corner of Dartfield Road and Commerce Crescent.

## UK DEVELOPMENTS

During the year we made significant progress in executing our UK development strategy, adding new sites for future development to the pipeline, as well as breaking ground on our first new development at Heathrow in west London. Read more about our UK developments on page 24.

## ENERGY GENERATION CAPABILITY

All  55 properties in South Africa are fitted with generators. In the event of an outage, power is seamlessly generated to support the following systems at our properties:

-  On-site operating system and server
-  Telephone lines and internet connectivity
-  Access control and security system
-  Electric fence and perimeter beams
-  Fire system
-  Emergency lighting
-  Lifts and hoists

Generation capacity of up to 110 kilovolt-ampere per property allows us to continue operations without major disruption during bouts of electricity supply outages.

In line with our continued focus on reducing our carbon footprint, 23 of our 55 South African properties are fitted with  solar  photovoltaic  installations.  To  date,  we  have invested more than R10 million in renewable energy and generated over 1.7 million kWh. During the period, our total solar PV system of approximately 750 kWh in size reduced our CO 2 emissions by more than an estimated 750  tonnes.  Read  more  about  our  solar  photovoltaic roll-out  in  our  Environmental  Sustainability  section  from page 58.

## BARRIERS TO ENTRY AND THE DEFENSIVE NATURE OF OUR PORTFOLIO

The  barriers  to  new  supply  in  key  target  nodes  are significant.  The  industry  was  historically  positioned  in industrial areas or on the urban edge. As a result, there are limited multistorey premium-grade self storage assets in  prime  urban  and  suburban  nodes  in  South  Africa, where  population  density  and  average  household income are key.

Town  planning  presents  a  major  challenge  in  South Africa and the UK, with long lead times required to gain planning consents. This, in addition to the long leaseup period (financing cost implications) required to reach stabilised occupancy at new properties, is a significant barrier to entry and contributes to the defensive nature of our portfolio.

## OUR PROPERTY PORTFOLIO IN SOUTH AFRICA

Our South African portfolio is predominantly purposebuilt  with  a  national  footprint.  The  65  properties  comprise 55 trading properties and 10 new developments in our pipeline. Our 55 trading properties offer 485 800 m² GLA and our pipeline of 10 new properties will offer a further estimated 60 800 m² GLA on full build-out.

Our portfolio of stores is unrivalled in South Africa, and comprises 55 properties across an extensive national network. 55

## PORTFOLIO:

<!-- image -->

In  defining  our  property  strategy  in  South  Africa,  we identified  the  four  main  cities  on  which  to  focus  and then  the  specific  suburbs  (including  arterial  routes) where we would like to establish a presence.

This  is  not  a  restrictive  or  instructive  strategy,  rather  a guide that supports our full business growth strategy.

## MAINTAINING OUR PROPERTIES

As a customer-facing real estate business, we understand  the  critical  importance  of  maintaining  the quality of our assets by investing in a rolling programme of  preventative  maintenance,  store  cleaning  and  the repair and replacement of essential equipment.

We  have  an  online-based Facilities  Management System  for  store-based  employees  to  log,  track  and manage  all  maintenance  requests  until closed. In conjunction with our store-based employees and area managers,  our  national  facilities  manager  and  citybased  regional  facilities  managers  oversee  property maintenance with the assistance of dedicated facilities teams in each city.

## STORAGE KING

Stor-Age is now in its fifth year of trading in the UK under the brand Storage King - the sixth largest UK self storage operator.

The  acquisition  in  November  2017  represented  an opportunity to acquire a portfolio of well-located properties  and  a  growth  platform  with  well-invested infrastructure  and  an  experienced  management  team. The team has considerable industry experience and a track record of demonstrable operational management, improvement and acquisitive growth.

This has been evidenced in the period since acquisition, with Storage King increasing the number of properties in  its  portfolio  from  13  to  30  and  the  total  GLA  from 543 000 sq. ft to 1 300 000 sq. ft 1 . During the year, the  Group  continued  to  successfully  capitalise  on  its strategic entry into the UK market, adding a further nine properties to the portfolio.

A  further four properties representing an  estimated 226 000 sq. ft GLA, at a total estimated development cost  of  £44.0  million,  have  been  secured  in  the development pipeline within the Moorfield JV.

<!-- image -->

## STORAGE KING (continued)

<!-- image -->

## STORAGE KING (continued)

## Portfolio overview

- Well-located, regionally dominant portfolio throughout England
- Near key market towns and major arterial roads

- MLA 1/2

1 487 100 sq. ft

- Closing occupancy 88.3%

- •

- Closing rental rate

£23.63 / sq. ft per annum

## Exceptional platform

- Experienced management team, with deep sector knowledge and a track record of delivery
- Excellent operating platform, high-quality property portfolio and pipeline of opportunities
- Proven ability to source, negotiate, close, and successfully integrate high quality acquisitions
- Moorfield JV
- -Bespoke, best-in-class new developments in prime locations - unlock value and support outperformance over the medium term
- -Provides an avenue to compete in a highly sought-after and competitive first world market
- -Provides access to high quality self storage assets at attractive yields

Despite  the  ongoing  uncertainty  and  negative  economic  impacts  due  to  the  pandemic,  self  storage  continued  to experience an acceleration in the underlying fundamentals such that there was a step change in the maturity of the sector. Accordingly, Storage King and the UK self storage industry continued to trade robustly. Further details of Storage King's performance are set out in the Financial Review section on page 46.

## UK self storage industry 3

| 2 050 Self storage properties, includes 621 container operators  83.3% Occupancy on current lettable area  52 million sq. ft Total space available  ## 86.2%  Occupancy of mature stores, those over six years old  0.76 sq. ft Space per person  £26.13 Average rate per sq.ft per annum  40% 40% of the total  The UK holds European self storage market  £36.38 Average rate per sq. ft per annum in London   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Population 67.6 million

- 1 MLA - maximum lettable area; 1 487 100 sq. ft = 138 200 m 2 .
- 2 Includes trading properties held in JVs and managed by the Group.
- 3 Source: The Self Storage Association UK annual industry report, 2022.

## AVERAGE SQ. FT OF AVAILABLE Average sq.ft of available space per person

SPACE PER PERSON

<!-- image -->

The UK and Europe represents a significant growth opportunity relative to the US and Australian markets

## MANAGEMENT 1 ST

The  Group  continued  to  make  excellent  progress in  building  out  'Management  1 st '  in  the  UK,  its comprehensive third-party management solution offered  to  independent  operators,  developers  and private equity owners in the UK self storage market. Management 1 st  is a key component of our UK growth strategy  and  enables  the  Group  to  earn  additional revenue with minimal capital investment given that we leverage our existing superior infrastructure and skills. The  management  solution  further  provides  a  natural acquisitions  pipeline  over  the  medium  to  long  term when third-party owners wish to exit.

During  the  year,  an  additional  seven  independent operators  representing  seventeen  properties  contracted with  the  Group  for  a  digital  services  offering,  a component of the full Management 1 st platform. These operators are situated in England, Scotland, Ireland, Spain  and  Italy.  None  of  the  seventeen  properties competes  with  existing  Storage  King  properties.  A total  of  35  properties  are  now  contracted  with  the Group for the digital services offering.

While  these  new  agreements  will  make  a  modest contribution to earnings in the short term, we remain excited  about  the  longer  term  prospects  of  building critical  mass  and  further  developing  a  meaningful revenue stream from Management 1 st .

## MOORFIELD JV

Entered into in October 2020, the JV aims to assemble a portfolio  of  high  quality  self  storage  properties  in prime locations in England through acquisitions and new  developments.  Stor-Age  has  a  24.9%  equity interest  in  the  JV  and  also  earns  management  fees for  acquiring,  developing  and  managing  properties therein.

Moorfield is a leading UK real estate fund manager with a more than 25-year track record of successfully investing  in  multiple  real  estate  subsectors.  The  JV provides  Moorfield  with  an  opportunity  to  invest alongside  Stor-Age  as  sector  specialists into the attractive and growing niche sector.

It also presents Stor-Age with an opportunity to grow and achieve further scale in the UK. The JV provides an attractive return on invested capital, thus presenting an  avenue  to  compete  in  a  highly  sought-after  and competitive first world market by providing access to high quality self storage assets at attractive yields. It

## We continue to be guided by our strategic and long-term focus on growing and optimally positioning our UK property portfolio.

also allows the Group to mitigate the financial impact of  the  lease-up  of  newly  developed  self  storage properties, which can take several years to reach a stabilised and mature level of occupancy.

The Group holds a pre-emptive right in respect of each individual property in the JV, should Moorfield wish to exit any of the properties or the JV portfolio as a whole at  a  point  in  time  in  the  future.  The  JV  continues  to pursue a number of other acquisition opportunities.

Read  more  about  the  Moorfield  Development  JV  in Our Business - Growth Strategy on page 33.

## ACQUISITIONS, DEVELOPMENTS AND ADDITIONS

## ACQUISITIONS

During  the  year  we  continued  to  review  acquisition opportunities in line with our stated growth and investment strategy and we successfully completed  three  acquisitions  at  a  total  value  of £100 million and representing approximately 462 500 sq. ft GLA.

The acquisitions included Blackpool Self Store, which  was  acquired  from  an  independent  operator in April 2021, the four-property McCarthy's portfolio acquired  in  January  2022,  and  the  four-property Storagebase portfolio acquired in March 2022.

## BLACKPOOL

Comprising 28 300 sq. ft GLA, with the potential to increase to 55 000 sq. ft GLA by developing the rear car  park  area,  the  freehold  property  was  acquired for £3.9 million. The property has performed exceptionally well post acquisition.

## MCCARTHY'S

A  high  quality, regionally  dominant  four-property freehold portfolio situated in Yorkshire, the acquisition was completed in January 2022 for £37.5 million. The portfolio comprises 130 600 sq. ft GLA, with the potential to increase to an estimated 203 500 sq. ft on a fully fitted-out basis.

## STORAGE KING (continued)

Situated in York, Harrogate, Huddersfield and Wakefield, the properties are well-located and benefit from excellent visibility and prominence, while trading into  dense  residential  areas  and  boasting  attractive trading histories.

## STORAGEBASE

A  high  quality,  four-property  freehold  portfolio,  the acquisition  was  completed  in  March  2022  for  a purchase consideration of £59.0 million. Storagebase was  acquired  in  the  Moorfield  JV,  with  the  Group taking  a  24.9%  equity  stake.  The  portfolio  will  be rebranded as Storage King and managed under the Management 1 st  programme.

The portfolio represents 302 400 sq. ft of predominantly modern, bespoke, purpose-built properties  located  in  Banbury,  Wednesbury,  Frome and Salisbury.

Banbury, Wednesbury and Frome, representing 200 400 sq. ft GLA are well-established mature self storage properties with attractive trading histories.

Salisbury is a new, modern, purpose-built self storage property  which  opened  in  April  2022.  With  an estimated  102  000  sq.  ft  GLA  on  full  fit-out,  the property presents the opportunity for significant valuation upside as it leases-up to mature occupancy levels,  supporting  outperformance  over  the  medium term.

Well-located and with excellent visibility and prominence, the properties trade into large residential catchment areas and consist of above average GLA target sizes. This will contribute to improved operating margins.

The portfolio complements existing and to-bedeveloped Storage King properties. Frome and Salisbury provide Storage King with a greater presence in south west England. Banbury and Wednesbury  complement  existing  properties  in  the Storage King portfolio in south east England and the West Midlands respectively.

## DEVELOPMENTS

Securing  and  developing  new  properties  in  the  UK remains a focus area for the Group. Four properties have  been  secured  for  future  development  in  the Moorfield JV, which will bring online a total estimated GLA of 226 000 sq. ft. Two of the four properties are currently under construction. The total project costs for the four developments, situated in Heathrow (London),

Bath, the south east and West Midlands, is estimated to be £44.0 million.

All newly developed JV properties will be managed under Management 1 st .

## HEATHROW

The Heathrow property is a greenfield development located to the west of London, inside the M25 Orbital Motorway  (M25)  and  situated  in  close  proximity to  Heathrow  Airport.  The  property  transferred  in October 2021.

The  site  is  located  on  a  prominent  intersection  on Great  South-West  Road  (A30)  and  the  Causeway (A312), both of which enjoy high traffic volumes, and is  less  than one mile from Hatton Cross Station and Heathrow Airport.

The property will comprise an estimated 62 650 sq. ft GLA  over  five  levels  with  the  total  project  costs estimated  to  be  £13.0  million.  Construction  of  the property began in March 2022.

## BATH

The Bath property is a brownfield conversion located within a prominent retail park and  sits directly alongside  a  Marks  and  Spencer  (M&amp;S)  Foodhall, just  off  the  A36  Lower  Bristol  Road.  The  property transferred in January 2022.

The property will comprise an estimated 45 000 sq. ft GLA  over  three  levels  with  the  total  project  costs estimated to be £11.0 million. Construction work for the conversion of the property began in April 2022.

## SOUTH EAST

The  property will be  a  greenfield  development, located  in  a  big  box  retail  corridor  with  visibility to  a  busy  arterial  road  in  a  large  conurbation.  The exchange of contract was completed in April 2021.

Planning has been approved, with completion of  transfer  and  the  appointment  of  the  contractor imminent.

Construction  of  the  estimated  55  000  sq.  ft  GLA property,  at  a  total  estimated  cost  of  £9.0  million, will commence upon receipt of final planning consent.

## WEST MIDLANDS

The property will be a brownfield conversion, located within a prominent business park and benefiting from significant exposure to passing traffic.

The  estimated  64  000  sq.  ft  property  has  been secured  and  due  diligence  is  complete.  Exchange and  completion  of  contracts  is  imminent  with  a town planning application to change the use to be submitted thereafter.

## ADDITIONS 1

Construction  is  currently  underway  to  bring  online an  additional  estimated  60  900  sq.  ft  GLA  at  an estimated  cost  of  £7.2  million  across  three  existing properties - Chester, Doncaster and Bedford. At each of these properties, the new build sections will provide improved economies of scale, and also significantly enhance the kerb appeal and overall retail aesthetic of the existing property.

## Summary of buildout activity, completed and planned extensions:

## CHESTER

Development  of  a  standalone  four-storey  building on a vacant portion of land adjacent to the existing property was undertaken. The extension has added an estimated 29 700 sq. ft, increasing the total space offered to approximately 53 000 sq. ft GLA. The new building houses an improved retail store and a large forecourt area for parking and offloading.

Construction  was  completed  and  the  new  build section was opened for trading in June 2022.

The Storagebase acquisition, as well as the manner in which we funded it, demonstrates the strength, competitiveness, and sophistication of the Group's UK platform. Following shortly after the McCarthy's acquisition, it was secured after a competitive bidding process, and then seamlessly packaged by introducing optimally matched in-country equity capital from Moorfield and sustainability-linked debt funding from Aviva.

<!-- image -->

1 Building out/expansions at existing properties. 1 Building out/expansions at existing properties.

## DONCASTER

Development  of  a  four-storey  building  on  the  front corner  of  the  property  which  has  historically  been used  for  long-stay  parking  has  been  undertaken. The extension will add an estimated 22 000 sq. ft, complete with a new retail store, increasing the total space offered to an estimated 60 000 sq. ft GLA.

## BEDFORD

A  portion  of  the  forecourt  and  parking  area  at  the property is being developed into a standalone threestorey building, adding an estimated 9 200 sq. ft and increasing  the  total  space  offered  to  approximately 57 500 sq. ft GLA.

## WEYBRIDGE

The extension and fitout at Weybridge was completed in May 2021, bringing online an additional 15 400 sq. ft GLA.

## MILTON KEYNES

At  Milton  Keynes,  our  design  process  to  add  an additional  estimated  18  000  sq.  ft  GLA,  has  been approved and the discharging of conditions is underway.

## HOW WE DO IT

## OUR SOPHISTICATED DUALMARKET OPERATIONS PLATFORM

We have invested significantly to develop a sophisticated and scalable management platform that  provides  centralised  services  and  support  across the  portfolio.  This  offers  economies  of  scale  and  cost efficiencies. Our web-based tenant management system provides  real-time  information  on  the  operating  and financial  performance  of  each  property.  The  system has a unique built-in customer relationship management (CRM) capability.

The  CRM  enables  all  enquiries  to  be  logged  and tracked until closed, with management able to remotely monitor employees' efforts in this process. During the  period,  we  generated  and  managed  more  than 150  000  (2021:  140  000)  enquiries  across  both markets. Pricing is dynamic and varies according to unit size,  demand,  the  stage  of  lease-up  of  the  individual property and location. Internal space across all properties can be reconfigured to produce variations of unit sizes to meet the demand profile and optimise the revenue streams from the property.

Operationally, Stor-Age consists of two elements: systems and people. Our approach to each is summarised below:

1

Systems, including processes, controls and responsibilities

- Defined in operating standards across the business to ensure consistency and continuously updated for improvements in operating capability
- Increasing use of technology and automation for continuous improvement and improved efficiency
- Increased enhancements to our layered network security systems to strengthen defences

## DEVELOPING OUR BRAND STRENGTH

Developing  Stor-Age  into  the  leading  South  African self storage brand has been a key strategic objective since inception. We have successfully achieved this through our focus on the location, visibility and quality of our properties, underpinned by excellent customer service and a leading online platform.

Our Storage King brand in the UK is distinctive and unique,  with  its  own  differentiated  style,  attributes and positioning in the UK market. The portfolio has grown  from  13  properties  at  acquisition  in  2017 to 30 properties, along with a further six properties trading under licence of the Storage King brand and with an additional property under full management. Coinciding  with  this  growth  and  complemented  by the Group's  elevated  online  visibility in  targeted locations, the strength of the brand is becoming more elevated and recognised.

2

## People

- Strategic focus from inception
- Significant emphasis on recruiting the right people and training, developing and managing employees to achieve their highest potential
- E-learning platform, Edu-Space, complements key face-to-face learning programmes
- Incentivise outperformance at all levels

Our  brand  strategy  is  founded  on  big  branding  at properties in high-visibility locations on key arterials in densely populated residential suburbs with adjacent commercial  and  business  corridors,  across  South Africa  and  the  UK.  Our  Big  Box  properties  are especially  impactful  in  this  regard.  Aligned  to  our focus  on  big  branding,  we  acknowledge  that  our digital  'drive-by'  (online  brand  presence)  continues to play a key role in positioning us as the brand of choice in each respective market.

Through  our  multi-year  digital  strategy,  we  continue to remain responsive to shifting consumer trends. This strategy allows us to adapt to the significant pace of technological change and innovation within the self storage sector and in society more broadly.

Given the innate complexity and cost of online sales, our effective and innovative internet technology and digital  marketing  capabilities  have  enhanced  our brand reach across our growing national and local

store  base,  and  allow  us  to  spread  our  marketing costs over a growing platform. This continues to raise the barrier to entry for competition.

During the period we  actively pursued mutually beneficial, strategic commercial partnerships to increase brand visibility among residential and business target audiences. These partnerships enable us  to  enhance  our  marketing  efforts  and  engage in cost-effective  campaigns  that  improve  enquiry generation through new and existing channels.

Commercial  partners  include  removals  companies, co-working spaces, last mile logistics,  SMMEs, e-commerce platforms, key sporting events, charitable organisations and many others.

A  particular  area  of  focus  has  been  the  expansion of  our  partnership  with  Picup,  a  logistics  software company specialising in 'last mile' delivery solutions. Our  portfolio of prime, well-located  and  secure properties  in  South  Africa's  main  cities  are  located in areas where a significant majority of e-commerce deliveries are destined.

During  the  year  our  last  mile  delivery  hub  pilot  at our Craighall 1   property expanded to two additional properties  -  Kempton  Park  and  Brooklyn.  Initially designed  for  up  to  600  parcels  per  day,  the  hub experienced  peak  daily  volumes  of  860  parcels  in June 2021. The hub is driven off Picup's technology platform and crowd-sourced driver network. To date, over 125 000 parcels have passed through the hub.

We continue to leverage our extensive digital marketing capabilities to create high

## demand for our well-defined, distinctive and differentiated product across South Africa and

the UK.

1 In June 2022, the Craighall delivery hub moved to the Cresta property.

<!-- image -->

## HOW WE DO IT (continued)

## INDUSTRY LEADING SALES, MARKETING AND E-COMMERCE

Leveraging our industry experience and digital capability, we continue to outperform our competitors in terms of new customer acquisition. We continuously innovate and improve the customer experience through ongoing  review  and  refinement  of  our  digital  and in-store customer touchpoints. This process results in  a  cohesive  brand  experience  for  our  customers, cementing loyalty and increasing sales.

Through ongoing management and optimisation of our online platforms, we maintained our leading rankings for the most popular search terms related to self storage in South Africa and the UK. We continued to execute our strategy of hyper-segmenting our potential customer userbase and  delivering customised and  relevant messages  across  various  digital  channels  in  both markets.  This  relevancy-based  and  targeted  strategy enabled us to continuously create bespoke advertising media (both static and rich media) that directs users to customised landing pages relevant to their behaviour. The messaging in each of these adverts is curated to be relevant to targeted audiences (in different life stages), that typically drive demand for the self storage product.

Digital marketing agency status allows us to continue benefiting from exclusive access to the latest beta products and services from Google and Facebook, supporting the optimisation of our targeted messaging to the right audience, on the right platform, at the right time.

As  an  accredited  Google  and  Facebook  partner, we  have  benefitted  from  having  dedicated  teams from  both  platforms  who  provide  us  with  extensive resources  and  insights.  This  has  resulted  in  positive demand  generation despite persistent challenging macro  conditions  in  South  Africa  and  the  UK.  As  a partner with both platforms, we continue to bolster our digital marketing capabilities. This has enabled us to strengthen our messaging and target specific audiences on the platforms where they are most active.

Our interactive and responsive websites continue to be refined  and  updated,  taking  careful  consideration  of the ever-shifting customer journey. This enables ongoing traction  and  encourages web prospects to enter into our digital sales funnels and be converted into a sale.

As  a  significant  percentage  of  total  web  enquiries originate from mobile devices, our websites are accordingly  designed  to  be  simple  and  uncluttered. We have  continued  to  improve  our  websites  during the  period,  by  enhancing  security,  refining  the  user experience and enabling continued deeper integration between our South African and UK platforms.

In South Africa, during the year the significant majority of  new  customers  were  onboarded  digitally  through our  digital  move-in  platform.  In  the  UK,  a  significant portion of new  customers were also  onboarded digitally.  Our  platforms  continue  to  allow  us  to  align our on-boarding processes to other digital efficiencies within the business.

Our e-commerce platform comprises an online reservation  system,  live  customer  engagement  and a  realtime  pricing  module.  This  enables  our  online customers  to  seamlessly  transition  from  obtaining  a quote  to  moving  in,  thereby  enhancing  their  user experience  and  reducing  move-in  time  for  improved productivity.  Our  revenue  management  tool,  which we fully  integrated  into  our  operating  system,  further streamlines  our  pricing  management  process.  It  uses multiple  signal  modelling,  which assists  us  in  making pricing adjustments as required.

During the period we continued to focus on improving customer communication to further drive enquiry generation and sales conversion. Through our cloudbased customer service software, which incorporates Facebook messenger, WhatsApp Business API, Google Business Platform messaging and our website live  chat,  we  benefit  from  having  one  centralised customer  communication  platform.  During  the  year approximately  16  000  chats  were  responded  to through this platform.

The  Contact  Centre  team  operates  off  the  Group's bespoke  in-house developed  customer  relationship management  system  (CRM), StorHub. This  CRM, which effectively sits on top of the tenant management system (TMS) in both markets, allows for the seamless interaction  between  prospective  tenants  and  staff. StorHub  is positioned at the intersection  of  new enquiries (digital and phone), the TMS and digital and telephonic  sales.  Accordingly,  we  continue  to  invest significant resources to further enhance the platform.

## CONTACT CENTRE PERFORMANCE

<!-- image -->

The operational strength and local market knowledge of Storage King's management team is complemented by  the  Group's  digital  marketing  and  e-commerce expertise.  All  acquired  properties  continue  to  be successfully incorporated onto our operations and  web  platforms,  and  benefit  from  our  in-house Google and Facebook accredited digital marketing capability.  This  resulted  in  an  increase  in  enquiries and web page visits, and a lower cost of acquisition.

During the year we continued to successfully implement our digital marketing strategy for Storage King,  resulting  in  a  like-for-like  increase  of  Google advertising clicks of approximately 21%, while referral traffic  showed  an  approximate  16%  increase  as  a result of our unique content strategy. This has driven a valuable uptick in overall enquiries in the UK market. Our Contact Centre in South Africa continued to take overflow  phone  calls  from  Storage  King  during  the year,  improving  response  times  and  communication within the UK market.

## ENQUIRIES - SOUTH AFRICA

<!-- image -->

Social  media  remains  a  key  advertising,  consumer engagement and CRM medium for the Group. We are  mainly  active  on  Facebook,  Instagram,  Twitter, TikTok, Pinterest, LinkedIn and YouTube. We currently have a combined total social media following of over 118 000, with the Stor-Age Facebook page ranking as  the  third  most  followed  self  storage  business  in the world. Through specific call-to-action buttons, we are  able  to  engage  with  our  customers  in  realtime. As  an  accredited  partner  with  Facebook  (including Instagram) we continue to drive optimal performance and  improve  enquiry  generation  on  both  of  these platforms,  through  constant  testing  and  access  to resources. We also utilise LinkedIn to increase enquiry generation  from  our  growing  commercial  customer segment, and to attract key talent for the business.

By continually refining our approach, while at the same time remaining focused on the key fundamentals that influence demand, we are able to improve enquiry generation from both a quantitative and qualitative perspective.

We  further  use  our  social  media  presence  and influence to support community projects and non-profit organisations. This includes supporting  the Kolisi Foundation and various other local communities and organisations. Refer to the Social Sustainability section from page 63 for more information on these projects and our other corporate social investment initiatives.

## ENQUIRIES - UK

<!-- image -->

## HOW WE DO IT (continued)

The Stor-Age website, whether accessed by desktop, tablet or smartphone, accounts for 70%  of all South African  enquiries.  The  telephone  accounts  for 20% of enquiries as the first point of contact, while walk-in  enquiries,  where  we  have  had  no  previous contact with a customer, account for 10%.

In  the  UK  94%  of  all  enquiries  are  made  through the  Storage  King  website,  while  4%  are  via  the telephone, with the balance comprising walk-in enquiries, amounting to 2%.

## MEASURING CUSTOMER SATISFACTION

In South Africa, we actively measure customer service standards through customer welcome and exit surveys using our in-house My Experience Surveys portal, a key source of vital customer data, as well as Google reviews and our mystery shopper programme. In the UK, we make use of Google reviews and TrustPilot (a third-party review platform).

The  mystery  shopper  programme  in  South  Africa entails in-store visits and telephone calls, to gauge the quality of our sales process. The scoring of each call focuses on customer satisfaction, closing the deal and the  flow  of  the  call  according  to  the  Stor-Age  sales process.  These  practices  ensure  that  we  maintain  a consistent user experience across our brands.

We  continue  to  actively  engage  with  customers  in South Africa and the UK on all digital review platforms including, but not limited to, Google Business Profile.

Through various engagement tactics, we encourage these  reviews  to  drive  organic  search  performance and to foster brand credibility.

## Our average Google Business Profile review rating of 4.7 in South Africa and 4.8 in the UK out of 5 is testament to the exceptional quality of our properties and the high calibre of our staff.

In South Africa, we continued to track our Net Promoter Score (NPS) through our welcome and exit surveys as a key measure of our customers' overall perception of the brand. We received over 27 000 responses to these surveys during the period. The welcome survey received a response rate of approximately 80% while the exit survey response rate was approximately 60%.

We continue to see an excellent overall response level as a result of having incorporated the completion of the NPS feedback survey into our move-in and moveout process.

Our overall NPS for the year was 77 1 , consistent with what  was  achieved  during  the  previous  year.  This indicates that our customer-centric approach is world class when compared to global NPS standards and other consumer-facing businesses.

1 Above 50 is 'excellent' and above 70 is considered 'world class'.

<!-- image -->

Results  and  feedback  from  our  customer  satisfaction surveys  drive  our  employee  learning,  development and training programme - read more about this from page 66.

## ESG

To ensure the sustainability of our business, our people and the physical environment in which we operate, we remain focused and committed to executing our ESG strategy. This strategy aligns our Vision and Core Values with six relevant UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). To further mitigate against climate risk, we  have  also  taken  guidance  from  the  Task  Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Through our ESG framework we continue to monitor our impact on the economy, the workplace, the social environment and the natural environment.

Read more about our ESG Strategy from page 57.

## OUR PEOPLE

Across  our  brands  in  South  Africa  and  the  UK  we have a flat operational structure  that  recognises  our store-based teams as pivotal to achieving our strategic objectives. This includes driving occupancy, revenue and  cash  flow  growth  in  the  portfolio.  To  foster  a partnership culture within the business, management spends  significant time at the properties and  is accessible to all employees.

Through the combination of our bespoke e-learning platform, a variety of learning and development initiatives and our comprehensive performance management system, we provide our staff with the best opportunity for personal growth.

Our bespoke e-learning platform (Edu-Space) continues to provide additional benefits to the business  across  South  Africa  and  the  UK,  such  as increased  flexibility,  efficiency  and  productivity,  as well as reduced costs. By producing business specific learning  modules  on  the  platform,  senior  managers across the different functional areas continue to improve the overall  sustainability  of  the  business  by imparting their knowledge and experience.

During  the  year,  we  also  continued  to  benefit  from having access to bespoke professionally-crafted online learning content, delivered via our Edu-Space platform, supplementing what we have developed inhouse.

In order to foster and support improved planning and alignment by the executives and senior management teams in South Africa and the UK, we held virtual and in-person half-year and full-year planning workshops during the year.

Our  South  African-based  management  committee (manco) structure continues to enhance our management  planning capability and foster the growth  of  senior  managers  in  key  portfolios  across the  business.  Strategic  planning  across  the  business continues to be implemented through quarterly meetings  of  the  manco,  where  key  objectives  and goals are identified, progress thereon is reported and any required adjustments are made.

## E-LEARNING FRAMEWORK E-LEARNING FRAMEWORK

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ENSURING SECURE STORAGE

We aim to provide the ultimate in secure storage. This includes ensuring our customers' peace of mind when it comes to their personal security and the security of their possessions.

We  continue  to  work  with  a  third-party  security company  in  South  Africa  for  remote  monitoring  of our  security  camera  surveillance  systems  as  well  as licence  plate  recognition  technology  at  new  and existing  properties.  These  systems  are  considered complementary to our existing systems and improve our  ability  to  actively  manage  our  on-site  security infrastructure.  Properties  have  been  selected  based on an internal  risk  matrix,  which  takes  into  account various property and operational related features at each store in the portfolio. At year end, 48 properties were fitted with these systems, with installation at the additional seven properties in progress.

Security  remains  a  key  focus  in  the  UK.  Third-party security companies monitor the security camera surveillance systems and access at all properties which have a keycode entry system, allowing customers to access their units after hours.

To enhance physical security features, we previously developed  a  bespoke  self  storage  door  alarm  and monitoring system in South Africa. All newly developed properties in South Africa are fitted with this system, with a total of 11 stores now operational. In the UK, 21 of the 30 properties are fitted with door alarms throughout and we plan to complete the installation at the balance of the portfolio over the medium term.

In FY23 we plan to install electric fence monitoring at 13 properties in South Africa. The smart system will monitor for low voltage and in the event of detection, an alarm will be triggered.

As  part  of  our  security  measures,  we  continue  to perform  weekly  and  month-end  padlock  counts  of every storage unit at our properties. This is a digitised process in South Africa, where the status of each unit (occupied, vacant, overlocked in the case of a debtor) is recorded by the property's operations manager on tablets  using  an  application  developed  internally. The reconciliation of the padlock count to the tenant management  system  is  automated  and  produces an  exception  report.  An  additional  feature  enables senior  management  visiting  properties  to  perform synchronised counts that overlap with existing reports.

While  improving  employee  efficiency,  the  digitised process also improves transparency and the accuracy of results.

Access  to  our  properties  is  automated  and  requires personal  verification  by  means  of  an  electronic  tag in South Africa and a personal identification number in the UK.

## ENHANCING OUR CYBER SECURITY

Ransomware remains a key area of focus for the  Group.  In  response  to  the  global  increase  of ransomware  and  other  cyber  security  attacks,  we continue  to  enhance  our  layered  network  security systems to strengthen defences. The Group's various data sources are decentralised in separate locations to limit the severity of any potential breaches.

We partner with reputable, specialist service providers to ensure cyber security measures are maintained at the highest level. Together with a cloud-based approach for essential services, our information communication and  technology  objectives  of  employing  effective redundancy measures, enhancing security and ensuring continuity, remain strategic priorities. At the same time, we continue to communicate with all staff across  the  business  to  share  best  practice  when  it comes to vigilance and cybercrime awareness.

To mitigate risks associated with the hybrid work-fromhome  environment,  Virtual  Private  Network  (VPN) connections  are  managed  by  a  perimeter  firewall. User behaviour and devices are subject to the same permissions  and  security  when  connected  to  the network remotely.

Our  users  are  continuously  monitored  to  ensure  the most effective use of resources and to limit opportunities to  breach  the  Group's  cyber  defences.  Our  cyber security  strategy,  suppliers  and  network  design  are reviewed  regularly  to  stay  abreast  of  leading  best practice and remain relevant in the use of technology.

## OUR GROWTH STRATEGY

With  deep  product  understanding  and  experience  in  emerging  and  first-world markets, Stor-Age boasts a successful track record of developing, acquiring and managing self storage assets. The business benefits from outstanding real estate expertise, an excellent dual-market operations platform, leading digital marketing capability and an established global peer network.

## OUR GROWTH STRATEGY FOR THE SOUTH AFRICAN MARKET

We conduct our strategic growth planning in five-year cycles. We are currently in the second year of the cycle ending 2025, and have undertaken strategic and meticulous planning for the five-year period. A key focus remains our digital transformation strategy, which significantly influences our business strategy.

We intend to continue growing the portfolio and enhancing performance and investor returns by:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Extracting organic growth through active revenue management, developing additional GLA and optimising the unit mix at properties  Leveraging our tenant management software platform to unlock value, drive cost efficiencies and entrench our competitive advantage  Pursuing acquisitions, and consolidating our position as the leading and largest self storage brand in the South African market  Developing new properties in prominent high barrier to entry locations in our core markets  Opportunistically leveraging the platform through our operations and digital capability, as well as our real estate expertise  Managing financial risk through prudent capital management policies  Integrating ESG principles throughout the organisation by focusing on sustainability and the implementation of our ESG strategy   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The strategy seeks to maintain Stor-Age's position as the leading and largest self storage property fund and brand in South Africa:

- Largest store footprint
- Quality stores in high-profile and convenient locations
- Prominent and easily accessible
- The  benchmark  for  modern,  urban  self  storage development

In preparation for our strategic growth cycle to 2025, in 2020 we revisited the four major research projects completed  in  2015  with  a  specific  focus  on  supply levels,  anticipated  demand,  customer  profiling  and consumer  demographics.  These  projects  give  us  key insights that inform and optimise our growth strategy, allowing  us  to  better  understand  our  residential  and business  customers,  and  anticipate  future  demand. During the year we continued to execute on our growth strategy, further expanding our footprint.

While  we  see  an  opportunity  to  acquire  existing properties, our new development strategy is detailed, with a focus on high barrier to entry areas in our core markets. Our plan to 2025 includes growing the South African portfolio to 70+ 1 properties.

1  Includes the Company's pipeline.

## OUR GROWTH STRATEGY (continued)

## NEDBANK JOINT VENTURE

During  the  year  the  Group  entered  into  a  joint venture with Nedbank Property Partners, a division of Nedbank, to develop two high profile properties in Morningside (7 400 m² GLA) and Bryanston (4 700 m²  GLA),  at  a  cost  of  approximately  R200  million. Stor-Age will have a 50% equity interest in the JV.

Construction at both properties has commenced.

We  anticipate  developing  further  properties  in  our South African pipeline in the JV structure.

Read more about the Nedbank JV in Our Business What we do, on page 17.

## OUR GROWTH STRATEGY FOR THE UK MARKET

Our business plan for Storage King is guided by our strategic and long-term focus on growing and optimally positioning our UK property portfolio and continuing to leverage our high quality in-place management platform.

During  the  year,  we  continued  to  focus  on  key  highimpact  foundational  areas  to  further  position  Storage King optimally for future growth. We continued to make significant  progress  in  integrating  key  South  Africanbased  head  office  support  services  into  the  Storage King  platform.  In addition  to the property  strategy outlined below, we continued to see the positive impact on  enquiry  generation  during  the  year  as  a  result  of successfully  leveraging  our  digital  marketing  capability into the UK.

Key features of the medium-term growth plan include:

## Acquiring existing self storage properties that meet Storage King's acquisition criteria:

- Good locations in Greater London and its commuter towns, as well as regional cities and towns
- Within/close to attractive urban or suburban nodes
- Ideally within/close to a retail corridor
- Ideally located with main road frontage to passing traffic
- Minimum requirements targeted
- -30 000+ sq. ft maximum lettable area (MLA)
- -75 000+ population, 20-minute drive time

Our  five-year  strategy  for  the  UK  market  to  2025 seeks  to  grow  the  portfolio  through  a  combination  of acquiring  existing  self  storage  properties,  developing new properties in key target areas and adding trading properties  to  our  third-party  management  platform  Management 1 st . We have identified a growth target of an average of two to four properties per annum. Read more about Management 1 st  in Our Business - Storage King, on page 20.

Developing investment-grade self storage properties in prominent, visible, convenient and accessible locations:

- High profile locations in Greater London and its commuter towns, as well as regional cities and towns
- Big Box (greenfield) - high-density retail or commercial type nodes, within attractive urban/ suburban areas and with main road frontage to passing traffic
- Conversions (brownfield) - conversion of existing buildings in retail or commercial type nodes in close proximity to dense urban areas
- Minimum requirements targeted
- -45 000+ sq. ft MLA
- -100 000+ population, 20-minute drive time

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## MOORFIELD JV

In 2021 we finalised terms and entered into a joint venture  with  Moorfield,  a  leading  UK  real  estate fund manager, to assemble a portfolio of prime self storage assets in England through the development of new properties and the acquisition of existing trading stores, that meet pre-defined criteria.

The UK-focused JV provides Stor-Age with a significant platform to execute its strategic growth plans in the UK over the medium term.

Key terms:

-    Target to achieve approximately 50% loan to cost for new developments
-    Equity capital contributions in the ratio 75.1:24.9 (Moorfield:Stor-Age)
-    Separate SPVs set up for each new development or acquisition
-    All  newly developed properties will be managed by Storage King under Management 1 st
-    Storage King  will  earn  management  fees  for acquiring, developing and managing the assets
-    Storage  King  will  have  a  pre-emptive  right  to acquire assets from the JV once certain predefined operating criteria have been met

Read more about acquisitions and new developments in the Moorfield JV in Our Business - Storage King, on page 20.

## LEASEHOLD OWNERSHIP

Storage King maintains a flexible approach to leasehold  and  freehold  property  ownership,  which enables it to grow the business, secure prime locations and position the portfolio optimally.

While Storage King's approach to leasehold property valuation is based conservatively on future cash flows until the next contractual lease renewal date, it has a demonstrable  track  record  of  successfully  regearing leases  several  years  before  renewal.  Storage  King benefits  from  the  Landlord  and  Tenant  Act,  which protects  its  right  of  renewal  except  in  the  case  of redevelopment.

In addition, the vast majority of Storage King's leasehold properties  are  located  in  retail  parks  and/or  have building characteristics that make their current usage either the optimal or best use of the property.

Furthermore,  as  property  investors,  Storage  King's landlords  value  the  quality  of  Storage  King  as  a tenant  and  often  extend  the  length  of  the  leases  in their portfolios. This enables Storage King to maintain favourable terms.

Ultimately, maintaining a flexible approach to leasehold  ownership  as  part  of  a  broader  portfolio assembly  strategy has allowed  Storage  King  to operate  from  properties  that  would  otherwise  have been unavailable.

3D render of the under construction Heathrow property.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

OUR PERFORMANCE

CEO'S REPORT FINANCIAL REVIEW

## OUR PERFORMANCE

## CEO'S REPORT

Our performance for the past 12 months again demonstrates the resilience and highly-defensive nature of the self storage asset class and its strong diversification benefits. Our underlying operating metrics remain strong, and our balance sheet continues to be exceptionally well managed.

We entered FY22 from a position of strength, which enabled  us  to continue pursuing the disciplined execution  of  our  growth  strategy.  We  continued  to deploy  capital  strategically,  adding  further  quality and  scale  to  our  high-quality  portfolio  on  a  select basis and in line with our strict investment criteria.

In South Africa, we closed two successful acquisitions and  made  excellent progress in acquiring  new properties  to  add  to  our  significant  development pipeline.  We  also  entered  into  a  JV  with  Nedbank Corporate and Investment Bank (Nedbank) to develop two properties at an aggregated cost of approximately R200 million, with several other developments under consideration.

In  the  UK,  our  JV  with  Moorfield  Group  (Moorfield) continues  to  gain  momentum.  During  the  year  we secured  two  new  sites  for  future  development  and a  further  four  trading  properties  -  taking  the  total number of properties in the JV to eight. The four trading properties formed part of the Storagebase acquisition and will be managed under Storage King's third-party management programme - Management 1 st .

We also continue to make significant progress with our digital services offering - Digital First. This offering is now active in five countries outside of South Africa, including England, Scotland, Ireland, Spain and Italy, with the number of independent operators using this offering growing to 12 (35 properties).

On the back of a superb financial and operational performance,  Stor-Age  also  made  excellent  gains against our ESG goals during the year. This includes securing  our  first  sustainability-linked  loan  and  a commitment  to developing our net zero  carbon pathway,  which  builds  on  our  long-term  focus  to reduce the environmental impact of our portfolio.

## OUR PERFORMANCE

As  we  moved  into  FY22  our  first  priority  was  to hold  onto  the  excellent  occupancy  gains  that  we achieved during the previous financial year, with the portfolio closing at 90% occupancy on a same-store basis. We are therefore pleased to report that total occupancy increased by 6.0% year-on-year and the closing average rental rate increased by 7.0% and 10.0% in South Africa and the UK respectively. This growth was fuelled by strong demand from domestic and  commercial  customers  in  South  Africa  and  an outstanding performance in the UK, where occupancy peaked at 94.1%.

Supported by the growth in occupancy, Group rental income and net property operating income grew by 15%  and  16.7%  respectively,  including  same-store growth  in  rental  income  of  12.3%.  Our  hands-on management  approach  remains  key  to  delivering superior performance, underpinned by strong operating metrics.

On  the  back  of  an  exceptionally  strong  operating performance, Stor-Age delivered a total return of 16.5% 1 and  an  increase  in  the  distributable income  per  share  of  7.5%  for  the  year,  with  our total shareholder distribution of R507.5 million (2021: R454.4  million)  translating  into  a  dividend per  share  of  111.90  cents  (2021:106.08  cents). Excluding the impact of deferred tax, the adjusted net asset value (NAV) per share increased by 10.5% to R14.51 (2021: R13.13).

Our resilience continues to be underpinned by our  balance  sheet  strength,  which  saw  us  raise R575  million  in  an  oversubscribed  bookbuild  in January 2022. In addition, we finalised a UK debt restructuring  process  resulting  in  improved  pricing, reduced  concentration  risk  and  improved  funding

1 Calculated as distributable income per share for the year plus increase in tangible net asset value (TNAV) per share as a percentage of TNAV at the start of the year.

## CEO'S REPORT (continued)

flexibility. HSBC UK Bank Plc (HSBC) and Santander UK Plc (Santander) were selected as the two banks to participate in the club facility and Aviva Investors (Aviva) as the institutional loan provider.  As  an outcome  of  this  process,  we  increased  our  lending capacity  to  support  future  growth,  with  the  existing £52.0  million  facility  increasing  to  £96.0  million, including a £25.0 million accordion option.

Sitting  within  our  25%  to  35%  loan  to  value  (LTV) target range at year end, our LTV ratio of 27.9% not only  demonstrates  our  commitment  to  maintaining  a well-placed balance sheet, but will also allow for the continued  execution  of  our  growth  strategy  moving forward.

## GROWING OUR PROPERTY PORTFOLIO

We  are  now  in  the  second  year  of  our  five-year growth plan to 2025. To ensure we execute this plan effectively,  it  sets  out  broad  but  nuanced  targets  for South Africa and the UK that consider each market's uniqueness and the different stages of their respective lifecycles.

More  importantly,  our  property  growth  plan  details how  and  where  we  intend  to  execute  high-quality acquisitions  and  new  developments  to  further  grow our  asset  base,  while  pursuing  organic  growth  via the  expansion  of  our  existing  properties.  We  seek investment opportunities where we can achieve strong market penetration and further benefit from improved economies of scale, driving high operating margins.

Ultimately, we aim to assemble a portfolio of prime self storage assets with complementary and consistent attributes.  This  takes  a  significant  amount  of  time and  skill.  It  requires  the  ability  to  identify  the  right opportunities at the right price; negotiate for, secure and integrate those acquisitions successfully (or obtain the necessary town planning and local council approvals  for  new  developments);  and  design  and build modern, bespoke self storage properties.

Stor-Age  boasts  a  significant  in-house  development capability,  having  successfully  completed more than 20  new  developments  since  2006.  The  Group continues to benefit from this experience, alongside a well-defined development framework and meticulous quality control processes. Combined, this ensures that our risk-adjusted yield expectations are met.

The  team  understands  the  challenges  of  obtaining town  planning  approvals  for  properties  in  soughtafter  locations  and  is  equipped  with  the  financial acumen  to  plan  for  and  manage  the  significant lease-up  cost  of  new  assets.  These  capabilities  are critical in overcoming what are otherwise significant and real barriers-to-entry for new big-box self storage developments in prime locations.

The operational expertise, experience and skills required  to  then  take  new  assets  through  the  multiyear  lease-up  phase  of  their  lifecycle  should  also not be underestimated. Here, Stor-Age benefits from vastly experienced management teams in South Africa and the UK that boast substantial intellectual property developed over more than a decade of operating self storage assets successfully. This includes understanding how to generate new enquiries to support the take-up of space, pricing the product optimally and managing the natural churn of tenants.

Our  highly  sophisticated  and  scalable  dual-market operations  platform  remains  key  to  unlocking  value for shareholders. This  scalable  platform  provides operating  leverage  for  centralised  services  and  is complemented  and  enhanced  by  our  advanced digital capability,  online  enquiry  generation  and conversion skillset, all of which remain fundamental to our long-term strategy.

Our success in building Stor-Age into a sector-leading business is supported by the strength and quality of our multi-year strategic planning.

## PORTFOLIO ANALYSIS

<!-- image -->

1 Includes trading properties held in JVs and managed by the group.

## GROWING THE SOUTH AFRICAN PORTFOLIO

We remain sector leaders in South Africa, offering a property portfolio that is unmatched in value, lettable area, number of tenants, location and geographic footprint. Our strict focus on growing the portfolio with properties that display excellent fundamentals continues to be a hallmark underpinning our success.

We  completed  the  first  phase  of  construction  at Sunningdale (6 350 m² GLA on full fit-out) and Tyger Valley (7 100 m² GLA on full fit-out). Both properties are located in Cape Town and commenced trading in  May  2021.  We  also  completed  the  first  phase of construction at Cresta in Johannesburg (7 400 m² GLA  on  full fit-out) and  commenced  trading  in September 2021.

We  successfully  acquired  Silver  Park  Self  Storage (GLA  7  600  m²)  and  Green  Cube  Self  Storage (GLA 5 500 m²) in November and December 2021 respectively.  Both  properties  are  located  in  Cape Town, complementing the existing portfolio and presenting  an  excellent  opportunity  for  occupancy and rental rate growth, with both trading in line with expectations in the period post acquisition.

During the year we  secured  an  additional five properties for future development. Dominated by highprofile big box properties in outstanding locations, our development pipeline in South Africa now comprises 10 properties with an approximate cost to complete of  R900  million,  and  which  will  add  an  estimated 60  800  m²  GLA  to  the  portfolio.  The  pipeline represents  more  than  15.0%  of  the  total  current South African portfolio GLA.

As mentioned earlier, the lease-up of newly developed properties to a stabilised and mature level of  occupancy  forms  a  considerable  component  of a  property's  overall  formation  cost.  To  mitigate  the financial impact, we announced a JV with Nedbank in  September  2021  that  will  enable  a  measured

## CEO'S REPORT (continued)

rollout  of  our  South  African  development  pipeline. Nedbank  has  been  a  primary  debt  funder  to  StorAge for more than a decade and has developed an excellent understanding and significant insight into the self  storage  asset  class.  Stor-Age  has  a  50%  equity interest in the JV and all newly developed properties will be branded and managed by the Group. We will also  earn  development  and  property  management fees from the JV.

Through  the  JV  we  are  developing  two  high-profile properties  in  Morningside  (7  400  m²  GLA)  and Bryanston (4 700 m² GLA), at a cost of approximately R200 million. Both properties form part of Stor-Age's existing  pipeline.  Construction  has  started  at  both properties  and  they  are  scheduled  to  open  in  the first  half  of  2023. We anticipate developing further properties in our South African development pipeline in the JV structure.

Our ongoing investment in the South African market demonstrates our belief in the opportunities the country  presents.  However,  we  recognise  that  there are  challenges,  none  so  pronounced  as  the  violent disorder that took place in July 2021.

Our  Waterfall  property  in  KwaZulu-Natal  suffered extensive damage. Widespread looting resulted in the theft and destruction of goods stored by our customers and deliberate acts of sabotage and sporadic fires caused significant structural damage to the buildings. The  carrying  value  of  the  property  represented  less than  2%  of  the  Group's  property  investments  at 31  March  2021.  However,  at  the  time  of  the incident, the property was trading at 90% occupancy (total GLA 15 100 m²), with an annualised revenue stream of approximately R15 million and supporting a  carrying  value  of  approximately  R137.5  million. The valuation of the property was  impaired  to R50.6 million as at 31 March 2022.

Prudently, Stor-Age not only had comprehensive SASRIA  insurance  in  place  for  property  damage and loss  of  revenue,  but  also  for  the  benefit  of  our customers, insurance cover for theft, loss and damage of their stored goods.

While Stor-Age endured a negative financial impact, the theft and destruction of our customers' goods was in  many  instances  far  more  significant,  triggering  a deep sense of loss and an emotional trauma for many of our tenants. This was also true for our own staff who have worked at the property for many years and who hold  well-established  and  meaningful  relationships with our customers.

As a business, we understand that our Core Purpose, or the reason that we exist, is to solve our customers' space  problems  and  to  look  after  their  possessions with total care and commitment. We understand that the units we offer across our portfolio have value for our  tenants  as  they  contain  items  of  varying  worth, whether  sentimental,  personal  or  professional.  The insurance cover that we have in place for the benefit of our tenants is an excellent example of the commitment that we hold towards them, and to date, I am pleased to report that approximately 95% of claims have been approved and settled by SASRIA.

<!-- image -->

We  successfully  reopened  the  first  portion  of  the Waterfall  property  in  October  2021.  At  year  end, occupancy was 3 850 m² (63% of the total 6 100 m² GLA), comprising new lets and existing customers who continued to store at the property.

It' s  also  important to note the incredible response of our teams - both on-site and in our head office. Our staff  pulled  together  phenomenally  to  navigate  the crisis,  support customers and provide essentials and equipment to affected staff on-site.

Looking  forward,  we  intend  to  play  our  part  in South Africa's  economic turnaround by growing our portfolio, creating employment opportunities and unlocking shareholder value.

We continue  to  see  opportunities  to  develop  highquality  self  storage  properties  in  prime  locations across South Africa. From an acquisition perspective, we remain highly selective and decline opportunities if  we  are  not  fully  satisfied  that  the  underlying  real estate  fundamentals  warrant  capital  investment.  We also  ensure  sufficient  demand  relative  to  existing supply before we invest.

## GROWING THE UK PORTFOLIO

It is now more than four years since Stor-Age made a strategic entry into the UK self storage market. In that period,  Storage  King  has  not  only  delivered  superb operating results, but has also grown significantly from 13 properties to 30 throughout England, with a further 4 properties secured in the development pipeline.

Construction is also underway to expand three existing Storage King properties at Chester, Doncaster and  Bedford.  When  complete,  this  will  bring  online 5 600 m 2  GLA at an estimated cost of £7.2 million. These  additions,  together  with  recently  completed extensions, fit-outs and others that are in the planning stage, will  grow the UK portfolio GLA by more than an  estimated  10%.  This  demonstrates  our  approach to unlocking value within the existing portfolio to take advantage of the opportunities that lie therein.

We  completed  three  acquisitions  in  the  UK  during the year, representing nine properties in total at a  combined  purchase  price  of  £100  million  and offering 43 000 m² GLA, with two of the acquisitions comprising  multistore  portfolios.  The  acquisitions  fall within Stor-Age's strategy of  acquiring  high-quality self  storage  properties  in  attractive  locations  across the United Kingdom, which are complementary to the existing Storage King portfolio.

In April 2021 we acquired a self storage property in Blackpool comprising 2 800 m² GLA, with the potential to increase to 4 600 m² GLA, for £3.9 million.

In  January  2022  we  acquired  McCarthy's  Storage World  (McCarthy's)  for  £37.5  million.  Through  this acquisition we have acquired a high-quality, regionally dominant freehold portfolio comprising four properties in  Yorkshire,  offering  12 100  m²  GLA,  and  with  the potential to increase to an estimated 18 900 m² GLA on  a  fully  fitted-out  basis.  The  properties  are  welllocated,  enjoy  excellent  visibility  and  prominence  to passing  vehicle  traffic,  trade  into  dense  residential areas, and benefit from attractive trading histories.

In March 2022 we acquired Storagebase for £59.0 million as part of our existing JV with Moorfield. The  high-quality  regionally  focused  portfolio  offers  a combined 28 100 m² GLA, consisting of predominantly modern, bespoke, purpose-built properties located in the  south  of  England  and  the  West  Midlands.  Welllocated and with excellent visibility and prominence, the  three  mature  properties  in  Banbury,  Wednesbury and  Frome,  representing  a  combined  18  600  m² GLA, trade into broad catchment areas and consist of above-average GLA target sizes, which will contribute to improved operating margins. The Salisbury property is a new-build and was opened post year end in April 2022 and will comprise nearly 9 500 m² GLA on full fit-out.

The  Moorfield  JV,  in  which  Stor-Age  holds  a  24.9% equity  interest,  aims  to  assemble  a  portfolio  of  highquality self storage properties in prime locations throughout  England,  through  new  developments  and acquisitions. Stor-Age also earns management fees for acquiring,  developing  and  managing  properties  therein. The four  Storagebase properties  will  be  managed  by Storage King under its third-party management platform - Management 1 st .

<!-- image -->

## CEO'S REPORT (continued)

Moorfield is a leading UK real estate fund manager with a more than 25-year track record of successfully investing in multiple real estate subsectors. While the JV  provides  Moorfield  with  an  opportunity  to  invest alongside Stor-Age as sector specialists into the attractive and growing niche self storage sector, it also presents  Stor-Age  with  an  opportunity  to  grow  and achieve further scale in the UK. The JV also provides an attractive return on invested capital, thus presenting an  avenue  to  compete  in  a  highly  sought-after  and competitive first world market by providing access to high quality self storage assets at attractive yields.

In  October  2021  the  JV  concluded  the  acquisition of a prime site in Heathrow, a large suburban town in  West London,  to  develop  a  modern,  bespoke, multistorey big-box self storage property. The property will offer an estimated 5 800 m² GLA on completion, at an approximate cost of £13 million. Construction began in March 2022 and the property is scheduled for completion in the first half of 2023. The JV also concluded  the  acquisition  of  a  well-located  retail warehouse  in  Bath  in  January  2022,  to  redevelop into  an  estimated  4  200  m²  GLA  property  at  an approximate cost of £11 million. Construction began in April 2022.

Two further opportunities, both subject to final planning consent, are expected to offer a combined estimated 11 045  m²  GLA  on  completion,  at  an  estimated development cost of £20 million. The JV is now more than 90% committed in relation to the initial allocation of  £50  million  (with  the  potential  to  increase  to £100 million) and is actively pursuing further acquisition opportunities.

Looking  forward,  we  see  significant  opportunity  to further  grow  and  strengthen  our  UK  business  through acquisitions and new developments over the medium term. Buoyed by the success of our underlying operations  to  date,  we  are  pleased  with  the  strong performance  we  have  experienced  in  our  regional locations  over  the  previous  two  years,  providing  us with heightened confidence in our acquisition strategy.

## TECHNOLOGY AS A BUSINESS ENABLER

While the visibility  of  our  properties  to  potential  users remains critical, online enquiry generation is the lifeblood of  a  self  storage  business.  It  is  therefore  essential  to have  a  strong  online  presence,  modern  web  user experience and highly effective multichannel online sales platform, supported by the required skill set to remain at the forefront of the sector digitally. The capability to leverage the underlying prospect and tenant data, and continuously adapt rapidly, is also critical.

Our multi-year digital strategy continues to ensure we remain responsive to shifting consumer trends and the significant pace of technological change and innovation within our own sector and society more broadly.

Our  digital  transformation  work  completed  in  prior years  has  ensured  that  we  are  well  positioned  to embrace  the  rapid  changes  that  continue  to  occur in  the  online  space.  Recognised  by  Google  and Facebook as an accredited digital marketing agency, Stor-Age is a digitally engaged business. This enables us  to  benefit  from  online  demand  trends  and  gives us a significant competitive advantage, evidenced by the  year-on-year  growth  in  online  enquiries  of  over 11%.

We continue to invest considerable time and resources to  ensure  that  we  have  the  in-house  capability  to respond and evolve as required. Our creative strategies  and  targeting  approaches  are  uniquely formulated by overlaying real time customer data with existing  tenant  data.  In  this  regard,  our  significant database  and  sector  experience  has  allowed  us  to develop deep industry specific audience knowledge. This allows for optimal targeting across digital platforms,  ensuring  we  can  reach  users  at  different life stages and serve content that resonates with them, thereby driving engagement.

In  addition, we continue to digitalise existing processes throughout the business, making use of the powerful built-in tools and capability offered by the Office 365 platform. This solution provides a number of benefits to  the  business,  including  ensuring  that  we  operate in an increasingly low-code environment, with rapid deployment of digital solutions to drive efficiencies.

We are excited about the prospects for our third-party digital services offering, Digital First, which leverages the benefits of our highly skilled in-house digital marketing capability and 'low-cost' emerging market base in South Africa.  Services  include  paid  media,  search  engine optimisation  and  social  media  advertising  to  increase online enquiry generation, underpinned by our strength as self storage digital specialists.

For  Stor-Age  it  provides  an  avenue  to  generate additional  revenue  with  minimal  capital  investment. We  do  this  by  leveraging  in-place  infrastructure and skills and building meaningful commercial relationships in the market that may lead to third-party management  or  acquisition  opportunities  down  the line. In addition, by representing a greater proportion of the UK and European self storage market, it enables us  to  maintain  and  improve  our  agency  status  with Google and Facebook, allowing us to access better resources and products.

Looking ahead, we  will continue to seamlessly transport our online capability across borders, further enabling us to unlock value for shareholders.

## RESPONDING TO DRIVERS OF DEMAND

Accelerated by COVID-19, we have seen a boom in South Africa's e-commerce market. According to data from FNB Merchant Services, the e-commerce market is expected to reach more than R400 billion by 2025 on the back of more than one billion transactions per annum. 1   This  shift  to  e-commerce  has  also  increased  the presence and competitiveness of smaller, independent retailers who are looking to expand their client base beyond their immediate regional locations.

As a result, we are seeing an increase in the demand for storage space that can be used by e-tailers who are looking for a flexible and more affordable solution to store stock and for e-commerce fulfilment or to use the space as a convenient distribution hub.

As a Group, we began exploring the convergence of e-commerce, last mile delivery technology and prime located secure self storage properties in the last mile through  our  working  partnership  with  Picup,  which was established in 2019. At year end, we had three last  mile  hubs  in  operation  at  Craighall,  Centurion and Kempton Park.

Stor-Age contributes the use of the property and earns revenue per parcel on delivery and returns. The hub is driven off Picup's tech platform and crowdsourced driver  network,  with  Picup  typically  providing  its services into third-party logistics service providers who in turn are commissioned to execute on the fulfilment leg for online retailers.

proof-of-concept  trial,  introducing  new  features  and experimenting with the roll-out at additional properties.

We are also using the insights from our partnership with  Picup  to  optimally  position  our  product  for  our commercial customer base, with a particular focus on small  businesses  and  e-tailers,  among  others.  Over the past year we have seen an increase in this type of commercial activity on-site at our properties in South Africa, albeit that it is coming off a low base.

We believe the rise in these e-commerce trends, such as parcel receipt and dispatch, last mile delivery and mini-warehousing, presents a sizeable opportunity in the  South  African  market  over  the  medium-  to  longterm,  particularly  within  a  low  growth  economic environment.

## ESG AS A BUSINESS ENABLER

We remain committed to investing in energy reduction initiatives and renewable energy capacity to meet each property's requirements. We continue to address sustainable practices in the areas of rainwater harvesting and storm water management and conservation.

## MANAGING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT

Building on our total investment in renewable energy of  approximately  R12  million  across  the  portfolio as at 31 March 2021, we invested a further R4.6 million  in  renewable  energy  capacity  and  fitted  an additional  eight  properties  with  solar  PV  during  the year.  This  takes  the  total  number  of  properties  fitted with solar PV to 23.

Our  total  solar  PV  system  size  is  now  an  estimated 750 kWh. To date this system has generated in excess of an estimated 1.7 million kWh, resulting in a CO 2 emissions reduction of an estimated 770 tonnes. Likefor- like total off-grid electricity consumption reduced to 1.8 million kWh, a reduction of 7% on the prior year.

While we do not believe that our properties will ever entirely  focus  on  last  mile  fulfilment,  we  do  see  the opportunity  to  maximise  each  property's  revenue potential. We  are  therefore continuing with the

We  harvest  rainwater  at  25  of  our  properties  in South Africa. During the year, total municipal water consumption reduced to 20 070 kl, a reduction of 3% year-on-year.

1  The explosive growth of e-commerce in South Africa, BusinessTech.co.za (March 2022).

## CEO'S REPORT (continued)

We remain committed to further reducing the already low environmental impact of our properties in South Africa  and  the  UK.  For  newly  acquired  trading properties, we aim to install solar PV panels and LED lighting  where  not  already  installed  and  implement waste management initiatives. For new developments there are a range of initiatives in play. These include, among  others,  installing  solar  PV  panels  and  LED lighting,  harvesting  rainwater,  ensuring  the  general reduction of CO2 emissions wherever possible, minimising  waste  and  sourcing  building  materials from responsible local suppliers.

As discussed in the chairman's letter, a key initiative for the year was securing a seven-year £21.0 million sustainability-linked loan from Aviva, demonstrating our commitment to the sustainability of the environment in which we operate. During the year we also committed to developing our net zero carbon pathway, a process involving the setting of science-based targets using the Science-Based  Targets  initiative  (SBTi)  methodology. The SBTi drives ambitious climate action in the private sector  by  enabling  companies  to  set  science-based emissions reduction targets. The organisation defines and  promotes  best  practice  in  emissions  reductions and net zero targets in line with climate science.

## SUPPORTING COMMUNITIES

A  highlight  for  the  year  was  the  launch  of  the Stor-Age Business Hub, a complimentary platform for our  commercial  customers  who  are  predominantly SMMEs to promote their products or services to other tenants.  Our  properties  therefore  act  as  business incubators, often assisting local businesses transition from  home-based  operations  to  larger  scale  entities that  can  employ  more  staff.  This  is  supported  by data from a recent customer survey, which indicates that  our  business  customers  (who  are  still  storing with  us)  have  on  average  created  more  than  six jobs  since  starting  to  store  with  us.  Considering that we had approximately 8 500 commercial tenants at year end, the positive contribution that Stor-Age is indirectly making towards sustainable job creation in South Africa is significant.

We also provided a 12-month business administration learnership  to  12  previously  disadvantaged  and disabled  learners  during  the  year.  Nine  of  these learners  successfully  completed  the  learnership  and achieved an NQF level 3 qualification. The process is again underway to support another 12 previously disadvantaged and disabled learners for the academic year ending in December 2022.

We remain committed to using our resources to contribute to socioeconomic development that promotes transformation and benefits previously disadvantaged groups, charities, communities and individuals.

Throughout  the  pandemic,  we  continued  to  partner with and support many aid and relief organisations. These  organisations  include  the  Kolisi  Foundation, which supports people living in under-resourced communities  in  South  Africa,  as  well  as  the  Santa Shoebox Project, which collects and distributes essential items for underprivileged children throughout South Africa.

We  continue  to  support  our  longer-standing  NPO partners with the provision of complimentary storage space. Support is also provided on a select basis in the  form  of  either  financial  contributions,  leveraging our  marketing  platform,  or  providing  the  use  of  our vehicles and/or the use of our properties as drop-off/ collection points.

## OUR PEOPLE

Our people are vitally important to us and remain pivotal to achieving our strategic objectives. We therefore want to maintain a motivated and engaged workforce and ensure that they are given opportunities to develop personally and professionally.

Training,  learning  and  development  remains  at  the heart  of  our  culture  and  we  continue  to  invest  in our  in-house,  bespoke  learning  and  development programme,  underpinned  by  a  strategic  focus  on customer service and  technology. This will only become  more  important  as  a  developing  business operating in a global growth sector.

During the year we recorded more than 47 000 hours of training across more than 150 separate courses on Edu-Space, our online learner management platform in  South  Africa  and  the  UK.  Other  key  initiatives include supplementing our in-house e-learning content with business and software learning content, as well as  initiating  a  12-month  management  learnership for six of our head office-based employees in South Africa.

We work tirelessly to create a rewarding culture that places significant focus on employee wellbeing. Our 'Wellness Wednesday' initiative continued throughout the year, supplemented by a Wellness Webinar and ongoing  engagement  with  employees  to  help  them maintain  or  improve  their  physical  and  emotional wellbeing.

Another important focus area arising from COVID-19 was  understanding  what  our  employees  need  in response  to  the  significant  impact  the  pandemic has had on their daily life. This includes adopting a progressive and open-minded approach to flexibility in the workplace and enabling head office employees to  adopt  a  hybrid  approach  to  where  they  work. At  the  same  time,  we  recognise  the  importance  of employees coming together in person to collaborate and  connect  with  one  another.  We  have  adopted a  formal  policy  in  this  area,  providing  our  line managers with the authority to interact with their teams to  determine  an  optimal  working  arrangement.  We believe  this  is  the  right  approach,  which  balances new ways of working with pre-pandemic norms.

Our  exceptional  team  of  dedicated,  high-calibre employees are fundamental to and drive the ongoing growth  and  success  of  our  business.  We  were therefore  pleased  to  see  the  results  of  our  annual anonymous staff survey, which once again indicated that more than 90% of our employees are proud to be part of the Stor-Age team.

## OUTLOOK AND THANKS

Thank  you  to  every  employee  for  your  dedication and  commitment to Stor-Age and  the role you played in helping the Group deliver another resilient performance. I also thank our chairman and the board for  their  ongoing  support,  wisdom,  guidance  and advice throughout a challenging but rewarding year in which we again saw the strength of our business and the potential it holds.

As we look to the year ahead, our core objectives remain unchanged. We are committed to delivering real  and  sustainable  value  to  our  shareholders  driven  by occupancy and revenue growth, closing high-quality acquisitions and completing new developments, and leveraging  the  economies  of  scale  that  our  marketleading operating platform provides.

We are conscious of risks and economic uncertainties that  include  inflationary  pressures  stoked  by  high energy costs,  supply-chain  bottlenecks  and  geopolitical tensions - all of which may impact the future outlook. However, irrespective of how events may unfold, the self storage business model has proven its resilience through various economic cycles. This provides us with the confidence that we can manage the challenges and take advantage of opportunities that lie ahead.

<!-- image -->

Gavin Lucas CEO 29 July 2022

<!-- image -->

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

Stor-Age  continued  its  track  record  of  consistent  earnings  growth  to  deliver  strong results  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  with  a  7.5%  increase  in  distributable income per share.

## INTRODUCTION

Year-on-year occupancy grew by 24 100 m² (South Africa - 9 700 m²; UK - 14 400 m²) reflecting organic growth in the same-store portfolio, the impact of new developments in the early stages of lease-up, acquisitions and expansions at other properties in the portfolio. Same-store occupancy closed above 90.0% in both South Africa and the UK.

## SA OCCUPANCY PROFILE

| 31 March 2022  31 March 2021  GLA m²  Occupied m²  % occupied  GLA m²  Occupied m²  % occupied  Same-store  353 900  318 600  90.0%  350 900  315 900  90.0%  Non same-  store*  30 900  20 400  65.8%  15 100  13 400  88.5%  Total  384 800  339 000  88.1%  366 000  329 300  90.0%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*     Non same-store in 2022 includes new developments that commenced trading during the year (Sunningdale - 50% equity interest, Tyger Valley and Cresta), Waterfall and acquisitions (Silver Park and Green Cube). Non same-store in 2021 relates to Waterfall.

## UK OCCUPANCY PROFILE

| 31 March 2022  31 March 2021  GLA m²  Occupied m²  % occupied  GLA m²  Occupied m²  % occupied  Same-store  86 300  77 900  90.1%  82 800  74 900  90.4%  Non same-  store*  14 700  11 400  77.4%  -  -  -  Total  101 000  89 300  88.3%  82 800  74 900  90.4%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   Non same-store relates to the acquisitions of Blackpool (April 2021) and the McCarthy's Storage World portfolio (January 2022).

## CUSTOMER PROFILE

| 31 March 2022  31 March 2021  South Africa  UK  South Africa  UK  Number of tenants  28 300  16 500  27 300  11 100  Commercial  39%  26%  39%  27%  Residential  61%  74%  61%  73%  Average length of stay - months  (existing tenants)  23.7  30.8  22.7  31.3  Average length of stay - months  (tenants vacating during the year)  13.9  8.6  14.2  10.0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Commercial and residential split analysed by area.

## FINANCIAL RESULTS

The tables below set out the group's operating performance by geography:

| 31 March 2022  31 March 2021  % change  SS  Non SS  Total  SS  Non SS  Total  SS  Total  SA  Rm  Rm  Rm  Rm  Rm  Rm  %  %  Rental income  Self storage  436.8  9.7  446.5  397.0  13.5  410.5  10.0%  8.8  Other  7.9  1.6  9.5  7.2  0.6  7.8  9.7  21.5  Ancillary income  18.6  0.4  19.0  16.6  0.2  16.8  11.8  12.9  Sundry income  1.6  0.0  1.6  1.1  -  1.1  46.4  46.6  Bad debt  (2.5)  (0.2)  (2.7)  (5.6)  (0.1)  (5.7)  55.8  53.2  Direct operating costs  (103.1)  (7.0)  (110.1)  (97.3)  (3.4)  (100.7)  (6.0)  (9.3)  Net property operating  income  359.3  4.5  363.8  319.0  10.8  329.8  12.6  10.3  Bad debt as a % of rental  income  0.56%  1.96%  0.59%  1.40%  0.74%  1.38%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

SS - same-store

Non same-store relates to FY22 acquisitions, new developments and Waterfall

Ancillary income includes sale of merchandise, late fees charged to customers on overdue accounts and administration fees

| 31 March 2022  31 March 2021  % change  SS  Non SS  Total  SS  Non SS  Total  SS  Total  UK  £'000  £'000  £'000  £'000  £'000  £'000  %  %  Rental income  Self storage  17 256  882  18 138  14 232  -  14 232  21.2  27.4  Other  537  4  541  517  -  517  3.9  4.6  Ancillary income  1 751  86  1 837  1 450  -  1 450  20.8  26.7  Sundry income  141  15  156  122  -  122  15.5  27.8  Bad debt  (47)  (6)  (53)  (29)  -  (29)  (62.1)  (82.8)  Direct operating costs  (5 112)  (364)  (5 476)  (4 950)  -  (4 950)  (3.3)  (10.6)  Net property operating  income  14 526  617  15 143  11 342  -  11 342  28.1  33.5  Bad debt as a % of rental  income  0.27%  0.68%  0.29%  0.20%  -  0.20%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Non same-store relates to FY22 acquisitions

Ancillary income includes sale of merchandise, late fees charged to customers on overdue accounts and customer insurance

| 31 March 2022  31 March 2021  % change  Non SS  Total  SS  Non SS  Total  SS  Total  Total  CONSOLIDATED  Rm  Rm  Rm  Rm  Rm  %  %  %  Rental income  Self storage  787.0  27.6  814.6  700.8  13.5  714.3  12.3  14.0  Other  18.8  1.70  20.5  18.2  0.6  18.8  3.4  9.1  Ancillary income  54.1  2.1  56.2  47.5  0.2  47.7  14.0  18.0  Sundry income  4.5  0.3  4.8  3.7  -  3.7  20.6  28.9  Bad debt  (3.4)  (0.3)  (3.7)  (6.3)  (0.1)  (6.4)  45.9  41.9  Direct operating costs  (206.9)  (14.4)  (221.3)  (203.0)  (3.4)  (206.4)  (1.9)  (7.2)  Net property operating  income  654.1  17.0  671.1  560.9  10.8  571.7  16.6  17.4  Bad debt as a % of rental  income  0.43%  1.13%  0.46%  0.90%  0.74%  0.90%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The commentary below relates to the group's operating performance set out in the above tables. A reconciliation between the disclosures set out in the tables above and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income is set out in Appendix 3.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued)

The table below shows the reconciliation between the group's operating performance ('performance table') and the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income ('statement of profit or loss'):

| 31 March  2022  R'000  31 March  2021  R'000  Reconciliation of rental income  Performance table:  Rental income - self storage  814 552  714 348  Rental income - other  20 341  18 844  Rental underpin  4 504  5 534  Insurance claim proceeds relating to loss of revenue  10 319  -  Rental income - Statement of profit or loss  849 716  738 726  Reconciliation of other income  Performance table:  Ancillary income  56 259  47 681  Sundry income  4 707  3 773  Rental guarantee  -  10 042  Other income - Statement of profit or loss  60 966  61 496   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The trading results for FY22 have again demonstrated self storage to be an exceptionally resilient business with the positive momentum in occupancy and growth in the average rental rate continuing throughout the year.

Self  storage  rental  income  increased  by  14.0%  to R814.6  million  (2021:  R714.3  million)  driven  by organic growth and the impact of acquisitions and new developments,  which  was  partially  offset  by  a  lower average foreign exchange rate compared to the prior year.

Same-store South African and UK rental income increased  by  10.0%  (occupancy  3.3%;  rental  rate 6.5%)  and  21.2%  (occupancy  11.7%;  rental  rate 8.5%), respectively.

Record occupancy levels in both markets at the start of FY22 provided  a  catalyst  to  earnings  growth  for  the year. Although we experienced some seasonality trends in both markets (consistent with pre-pandemic patterns), demand  remained  strong.  The  elevated  occupancy levels  and  strong  demand  allowed  us  to  increase average rental rates. In the UK, occupancy in the samestore portfolio peaked at 94.1% in the year reflecting a strong economic recovery which, with our sophisticated operating  platform  and  customer  acquisition  strategy, allowed  us  to  capture  the  high  levels  of  demand.  In South  Africa,  despite  the  impact  of  COVID-19's  third wave and the looting in the first half of FY22, we were able to recover quickly, with occupancy and earnings growth accelerating in the months that followed.

Other rental income (SA: R9.5 million; UK: £0.5 million) relates mainly to parking and the rental of office space at certain properties in the portfolio.

Bad  debt  as  a  percentage  of  rental  income  was 0.46% for the Group (2021: 0.90%), in line with prepandemic levels. An improvement in South African cash collections, driven by intense operational focus, resulted in a lower write-off for the year.

Ancillary income of R56.2 million (2021: R47.7 million) comprises merchandise sales (such as packaging materials and padlocks), administration fees, late fees and insurance income (UK only). Although this income stream is a relatively small proportion of total revenue, each  component  makes  a  meaningful  contribution  to earnings with little capital investment. There is usually a

direct correlation between higher occupancy levels, increased move-in activity and ancillary income. In South Africa and the UK, ancillary income increased by 11.8% and 20.8% respectively year-on-year in the same-store portfolio.

Direct  operating  costs  of  R221.3  million  (2021: R206.4 million)  reflects  strict  cost  control  and  the  impact  of acquisitions offset by the lower average foreign exchange rate.

Across both markets, property rates, staff costs, utilities, insurance, maintenance and marketing costs account for the majority of direct operating costs. Managing costs at a property level remains an important component of our strategy to improve operating margins. In South Africa and the UK, direct operating costs increased by 6.0% and 3.3% respectively in the same-store portfolio as expected.

The  commentary  below  relates  to  disclosures  set  out  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other comprehensive income.

Our Waterfall property in KwaZulu-Natal suffered extensive damage during the violent disorder that took place in July 2021. Stor-Age not only had comprehensive SASRIA insurance in place for property damage and loss of revenue but also, for the benefit of our customers, insurance cover for theft, loss and damage of their stored goods. Our claim for the building damage of R51.7 million (excluding VAT) was settled in full in January 2022. Over 95% of claims on behalf of our customers have also been settled in full by SASRIA. Also included in earnings for the year is an insurance claim of R10.3 million for loss of revenue. Due to a backlog in processing at SASRIA, an interim payment of R10.0 million in respect of the claim for the period to March 2022 was only approved by SASRIA on 17 June 2022. The board has elected to distribute earnings attributable to this claim in the next dividend period (i.e. once the interim payment of R10.0 million has been received).

Management  fees  of  R14.6  million  (2021:  R4.5  million)  comprises  property  management  fees,  development fees earned from the Moorfield JV, licence fee income from Storage King franchisee properties in the UK and a contribution from Digital First. Other income of R51.7 million relates to the insurance proceeds received in respect of property damaged incurred at Waterfall.

Administration expenses amounted to R103.5 million (2021: R89.3 million). After adjusting for the Conditional Share Plan charge of R11.3 million (2021: R14.3 million), and non-recurring once-off items, we saw an increase in costs relating mainly to increased IT infrastructure spend and staff costs.

The fair value adjustment to investment properties of R642.3 million reflects an increase in the carrying value of investment properties at 31 March 2022 (2021: R803.2 million). Further details are set out in the Investment Property section (see page 54 for further details). Other fair value adjustments to financial instruments of R121.5 million (2021: R62.7 million) relate to mark-to-market adjustments of interest rate derivatives, forward exchange contracts and cross currency interest rate swaps (CCIRS).

Interest income comprises the following:

| 31 March 2022  31 March 2021  Rm  Rm  Share purchase scheme loans  7.8  13.6  CCIRS  14.2  24.3  Loans to JVs  2.0  0.8  Money market and deposit balances  1.9  5.7  Total  25.9  44.4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The lower interest received on share purchase scheme loans is the result of loan balances repaid over the last 12 months. The Group also reduced its exposure to CCIRS, resulting in a lower contribution to earnings for the year.

Interest  expense  of  R116.8  million  (2021:  R107.9  million)  comprises  mainly  interest  on  bank  borrowings. Further details of bank borrowings are set out in the Capital Structure section on the next page.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued)

The normal tax charge of R36.0 million (2021: R6.6 million) relates to a provision for UK Corporations Tax of 19% on the estimated taxable income arising in the UK as a result of the change in UK tax laws whereby companies which were subject to tax under the Non-Resident Landlord Scheme have now become subject to Corporations Tax (effective 6 April 2020). The historic tax losses available for set off against future taxable income were substantially utilised in FY21. A deferred tax charge of R222.0 million was also recognised on the fair value adjustment to UK investment properties in the year. Under IFRS, a potential capital gains tax liability is required to be recognised as a deferred tax charge on revaluation gains of investment properties in the UK.

## CAPITAL STRUCTURE

Our financing policy is to fund our expansion and strategic growth objectives through a mix of debt, equity and cash flow. We may also offer a dividend reinvestment plan as a mechanism to conserve cash for future expansion, which allows shareholders to reinvest their cash dividends into additional shares in the Company.

Stor-Age is well-capitalised with sufficient access to cash resources and funding options.

Details of the Group's borrowing facilities at 31 March 2022 are set out below:

| ZAR facilities  Rm  GBP facilities  £m  GBP facilities  Rm  Total facilities  Rm  Total debt facilities  1 567.0  105.4  2 014.9  3 581.9  Undrawn debt facilities  285.0  20.5  392.0  677.0  Gross debt  1 282.0  84.9  1 622.9  2 904.9  Gross debt net of cash held in facilities  1 182.0  84.9  1 622.9  2 804.9  Net debt  1 032.7  81.1  1 549.9  2 582.6  Investment property (net of lease  obligations)  5 044.4  220.8  4 219.4  9 263.8  Hedge cover  916.4  66.0  1 261.4  2 177.8  - Interest rate derivatives  600.0  45.0  860.1  1 460.1  - Cross currency interest rate swaps  102.3  -  -  102.3  - Fixed rate loans  214.0  21.0  401.4  615.4  % hedge cover on:  - Gross debt  71.5%  77.7%  77.7%  75.0%  -   Gross debt net of cash held in debt  facilities  77.5%  77.7%  77.7%  77.6%  - Net debt  88.7%  81.4%  81.4%  84.3%  Effective interest rate  6.65%  3.41%  3.41%  4.84%  LTV ratio  23.2%  32.5%  32.5%  27.9%  Weighted average expiry of debt (years)  2.1  4.9  4.9  3.7  Weighted average expiry of hedge  cover (years)  2.4  4.3  4.3  3.5   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LTV ratio is  defined as net debt as a percentage of gross investment property of R9.535 billion less lease obligations relating to leasehold investment property of R271.2 million.

£7.167 million of the GBP facilities is secured against South Africa investment property assets - for the purposes of the above table, the SA LTV ratio includes the outstanding balance of this facility.

Hedge cover and effective interest includes interest rate derivatives entered into in May 2022 (R250 million) and excludes interest rate derivatives expiring in June 2022 (R200 million). Weighted average expiry of hedge cover calculated as at 31 May 2022.

Weighted average expiry of GBP debt includes two 12-month extension options on facilities of £75 million.

Our cash position at 31 March 2022, including cash held in our debt facilities, amounted to R322.3 million. Total undrawn borrowing facilities amounted to R677.0 million at year end and the average cost of debt for the Group was 4.84%.

The Group has ZAR loan facilities of R1.567 billion with a weighted average maturity of 2.1 years (excluding a three-month rolling note of R160.0 million refinanced on a quarterly basis).

In  October  2021,  the  Group  refinanced  its  GBP  borrowings  with  an  enhanced  two  bank-club  facility  of £50 million  (HSBC  UK  Bank  Plc  and  Santander  UK  Plc)  comprising  a  term  loan  of  £30  million  (priced  at SONIA 1  + 2.40%) and a revolving credit facility of £20 million (priced at SONIA + 2.65%) with a three-year term and two 12-month extension options. The club facility was increased by a further £25 million in January 2022 (allocated equally to the term loan and revolving credit facility). An accordion facility of £25 million is also available. In addition, the Group also secured a seven-year £21 million sustainability-linked loan from Aviva Investors at an all-in fixed rate of 3.21%. The new facilities diversify the Group's funding sources with greater flexibility to fund future investment and growth.

On a net debt basis, 84.3% of borrowings are subject to fixed rates. Net debt stood at R2.583 billion with a LTV ratio of 27.9%.

The table below summarises the expiry profile of our debt facilities:

| South Africa  Expiry period  Facility  Rm  Drawn  Rm  Undrawn  Rm  % of  facility drawn  FY23  160.0  160.0  -  100.0%  FY24  650.0  427.7  222.3  65.8%  FY25  757.0  694.3  62.7  91.7%  Total  1 567.0  1 282.0  285.0  81.8%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

FY23 includes a three-month rolling note (R160 million), refinanced quarterly.

| UK  Expiry period  Facility  £m  Drawn  £m  Undrawn  £m  % of  facility drawn  FY25  9.4  7.2  2.2  76.6%  FY27  75.0  56.7  18.3  75.6%  FY29  21.0  21.0  -  100.0%  Total  105.4  84.9  20.5  80.6%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Sterling Overnight Interbank Average Rate.

<!-- image -->

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued)

The Group makes use of CCIRS as part of its treasury management policy to create a synthetic matching of GBP funding to GBP-denominated assets at optimal levels. The CCIRS hedge part of the net investment in our offshore operations against foreign currency fluctuations. The Group has reduced its use of CCIRS over the past 18 months.

Details of the Group's CCIRS are set out in the table below:

| 31 March 2022  31 March 2021  £m  £m  Investment property  232.6  155.3  Leasehold liabilities  (11.8)  (12.6)  Net investment property  220.8  142.7  Bank debt  (77.7)  (51.1)  Other assets  10.5  8.0  Deferred tax  (14.7)  (3.2)  Other liabilities  (26.0)  (7.7)  Net investment excluding deferred tax liabilities  112.9  88.7  Notional value of CCIRS  10.0  15.0  CCIRS as a % of net investment property  4.5%  10.5%  Effective hedge of net investment  8.9%  16.9%  Effective hedge of net investment property  39.7%  46.3%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Effective hedge of investment property calculated as the sum of bank debt and CCIRS as a percentage of investment property less leasehold liabilities.

Bank debt includes GBP-denominated borrowings secured against UK investment properties.

## HEDGING OF GBP EARNINGS

To  manage  the  impact  of  fluctuations  in  the  GBP/ZAR  exchange  rate,  the  Group  makes  use  of  hedging instruments for the forecast GBP earnings to be repatriated to South Africa for distribution purposes in line with the following policy:

-  12 month forecast - at least 80%
-  13 - 24 month forecast - at least 75%
-  25 - 36 month forecast - at least 50%

Hedging instruments entered into by the Group as at the date of this announcement are summarised below:

| Period  Hedging level  %  Forward rate  R/£  FY23  90%  23.38  FY24  80%  23.25  FY25 1  35%  23.78   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 For FY25, hedging instruments in place for H1 earnings only.

## NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE

| 31 March 2022  Rm  31 March 2021  Rm  Total equity - statement of financial position  6 643.2  5 656.7  Less: Non-controlling interest  (46.2)  (38.6)  Net assets  6 597.0  5 618.1  Less: Goodwill and intangible assets  (145.7)  (147.0)  Net tangible assets  6 451.3  5 471.1  Number of shares in issue (million)  474.6  432.9  Net asset value (NAV) per share (R)*  13.90  12.98  Net tangible asset value (NTAV) per share (R)*  13.59  12.64  Deferred tax relating to UK investment property revaluations  287.4  65.4  Adjusted net assets  ^  6 884.4  5 683.5  Adjusted net tangible assets  ^  6 738.7  5 536.5  Adjusted NAV per share (R) ^  14.51  13.13  Adjusted NTAV per share (R) ^  14.20  12.79   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* NAV and NTAV metrics exclude the non-controlling interest.

^ Non-IFRS measure and shown for illustrative purposes only.

NAV and NTAV per share increased by 7.1% and 7.5% respectively compared to the prior year.

NAV per share is principally determined by the fair value of investment property, the ZAR/GBP exchange rate at the reporting date and mark-to-market adjustments to derivative hedging instruments.

The changes to the UK tax regime whereby companies, which were subject to tax under the Non-Resident Landlord  Scheme  became  subject  to  Corporations  Tax  (effective  6  April  2020),  also  resulted  in  a  first-time recognition of deferred tax liabilities on fair value adjustments to UK investment property in FY21. Under IFRS, a potential tax liability which may arise if the properties were to be sold must be recognised as a deferred tax liability (and therefore a reduction of NAV) on the revaluation of investment properties. At 31 March 2022, a deferred tax liability of R287.4 million was reflected in the statement of financial position in respect of UK property revaluations.

Excluding the impact of this deferred tax liability, adjusted NAV was R14.51 per share and adjusted NTAV was R14.20 (both excluding the non-controlling interest), an increase of 10.5% and 11.0%, respectively, compared to the prior year.

It is not the current intention of the board to make any disposals of trading properties. Whilst individual disposals may be considered where it is clear that value can be added by recycling the capital, it is not envisaged that any tax will become payable in such a scenario due to the availability of rollover relief.

NAV is an important measure for property companies. However, management is of the view that NAV does not necessarily reflect the true value of the self storage business model and operating platform or the consistent track record of earnings growth. It also does not reflect the value of future revenue streams from our third-party management model.

The valuation approach, as set out in the Investment Property section, is based on conservative assumptions and understates the economic value of our leasehold properties.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued)

The property valuation for short leaseholds is conservatively based on future cash flows until the next contractual lease renewal date which, all things being equal, would result in a reduction of the valuation over the remaining lease period. Management expects to successfully re-gear leases before renewal. We also benefit from the Landlord and Tenant Act that protects our rights for renewal except in the case of redevelopment. Our leasehold stores have building characteristics or locations in retail and industrial parks that make self storage either the optimal and best use of the property or the only one authorised by planning. The majority of our landlords are property investors who value the tenancy of Storage King and would typically prefer to extend the length of the leases in their portfolio.

## INVESTMENT PROPERTY

A fair value gain to investment property combined with acquisitions, capital expenditure and offset by exchange rate  fluctuations,  resulted  in  an  increase  in  investment  property  of  R1.666  billion  from  R7.869  billion  at 31 March 2021 to R9.535 billion at 31 March 2022.

The table below summarises the increase in our investment properties over the period:

| SA  R million  UK  £ million  UK  R million  Total  R million  Balance at 31 March 2021  4 699.7  155.3  3 169.6  7 869.3  Acquisitions  116.5  42.1  865.3  981.8  Capital expenditure on:  New developments  37.7  -  -  37.7  Existing properties  47.8  5.2  98.9  146.7  Properties held for development  119.8  -  -  119.8  Revaluation gain  68.8  30.0  573.5  642.3  Exchange rate fluctuations  (262.6)  (262.6)  Balance at 31 March 2022  5 090.3  232.6  4 444.7  9 535.0  Lease obligations relating to leasehold  investment property  (45.9)  (11.8)  (225.3)  (271.2)  Investment property net of lease  obligations  5 044.4  220.8  4 219.4  9 263.8   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Investment properties are valued using the discounted cash flow ('DCF') method to arrive at a fair value. The valuation of freehold and long leasehold properties is based on a DCF of the net operating income over a 10-year period and a notional sale of the asset at the end of the 10th year. The same DCF methodology is used for short leasehold properties, except that the cash flows reflect only the unexpired lease period from the date of valuation.

The DCF assumes a notional management fee of 6.0% of income, subject to a cap and collar, which is deducted from net operating income. The notional management fee represents an allowance for the central administration costs on the basis that the properties would be externally managed.

In South Africa, 27 of the 53 1  trading properties in the portfolio were valued independently by Mills Fitchet Magnus Penny and Jones Lang LaSalle at 31 March 2022 for financial statement purposes. The Group's policy is to value 50% of its South African properties at year end and 50% at the interim reporting date. The other 26 properties 2,  were valued internally by the board at 31 March 2022 using the same methodology applied by the external valuers. In the UK, the entire portfolio was valued independently by CBRE and Cushman and Wakefield at 31 March 2022 for the purposes of the financial statements. Further details of the assumptions used in the valuations are set out in the Group financial statements.

1 Excludes Sunningdale (50% JV interest). Waterfall (two locations) treated as a single property for valuation purposes.

2 24 of the 26 properties were independently valued at 30 September 2021.

The table below summarises the breakdown of investment properties at 31 March 2022:

| SA  % of portfolio  Valuation  (R million)  Short leasehold  0.7%  32.9  Gross value  53.3  Lease obligations  (20.4)  Freehold and long leasehold*  99.3%  5 011.5  Investment property net of lease obligations  100.0%  5 044.4  Trading properties  95.3%  4 807.2  Development properties  4.7%  237.2  Investment property net of lease obligations  100.0%  5 044.4   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Includes Constantia Kloof (long leasehold property - 29.2 years remaining) and Springfield (long land lease - 28.0 years remaining).

| UK  % of portfolio  Valuation  (£ million)  Valuation  (R million)  Short leasehold  8.4%  18.6  354.6  Gross value  30.4  579.9  Lease obligations  (11.8)  (225.3)  Freehold 1  91.6%  202.2  3 864.8  Investment property net of lease obligations  100.0%  220.8  4 219.4   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Freehold includes two properties with 999 year peppercorn leases which are classified as virtual freeholds. All propertied classified as trading properties.

| Average  value per m² (R)  Discount rate  Exit cap rate  ## SA - Trading properties  12 400  14.00%  8.45%  Average  value per m² (£)  Discount rate  Exit cap rate  ## UK - Trading properties  211  8.84%  5.97%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Exit cap rate relates to freehold and long leasehold properties only.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

OUR ESG STRATEGY ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILILTY SOCIAL SUSTAINABILITY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## OUR ESG STRATEGY

Driven by our Core Value of Sustainability, we believe that  every  single  decision  or  action  we  take  today directly impacts the decisions or actions which can be taken tomorrow. As such, we place great importance on not only continually ensuring the sustainability of our business,  but  also  the  sustainability  of  the  natural  and social environment around us.

To  ensure  that  our  policies  and  practices  benefit  our employees,  customers,  shareholders,  the  communities and the environment in which we operate, the board oversaw the ongoing execution of the Group's sustainability strategy during the year.

This strategy is focused on three key areas: environmental sustainability, social sustainability and corporate governance. It aligns our Vision and Core Values with six relevant UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and  takes  guidance  from  the  Task  Force  on  Climaterelated Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

Through  our  ESG  framework  we  continue  to  monitor our impact on the economy, the workplace, the social environment and the natural environment.

<!-- image -->

## ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY

<!-- image -->

## A LONG-TERM STRATEGY

As  South  Africa's  leading  and  largest  self  storage property fund and brand, we do not believe in taking the shortest route or being focused on a short-term time horizon.  We remain resolute in  executing  a  long-term ESG strategy built around:

-    Developing environmentally-friendly buildings with low environmental impact
-    Creating a culture of high integrity across the business
-    An unwavering approach to good corporate governance
-  Ensuring the ongoing sustainability of the business
-    Preserving  our  resilience  by  maintaining  balance sheet strength
-    Ensuring well-managed risk, both financial and environmental, with significant value creation for our stakeholders
-  Supporting the local communities in which we operate

We know that to remain a market leader we have to continue to nurture and encourage a culture of innovation from within and find more efficient ways of performing what we do each and every day, across all areas of our business.

We  aim  to  build  an  organisation  that  is  resilient, and  which  can  endure  and  adapt  through  multiple generations  of  leadership  as  well  as  multiple  product life  cycles.  This  resilience  was  tested  during  the  onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and the subsequent waves which followed. By adapting our business to the new environment that emerged as a result of the pandemic, we were able to benefit from historically high demand and we continued to drive move-ins across the business in both markets.

This  resilience  was  further  tested  during  the  looting and  civil unrest experienced in KwaZulu-Natal in July 2021,  where  our  Waterfall  property  suffered extensive damage.  Despite what unfolded at the property, we reopened for business in October 2021 and  we  continue  to  experience  excellent  levels  of demand. Read more about the impact to our Waterfall property in our CEO's Report on page 37.

## Through our ESG strategy, we remain committed to responsible and sustainable business practices.

As one of our four Core Values, each of which guide and inspire every single thought, action and decision, Sustainability  is  at  the  heart  of  what  we  do.  The sustainability of the environment has always been and remains a priority.

Through  our  alignment  with  the  SDGs  and  taking guidance  from  the  TCFD,  we  continue  to  place  a great amount of emphasis on ensuring that we take care of the environment in which we operate.

## A SUSTAINABLE BUSINESS STRATEGY

At  Stor-Age,  we  believe  that  the  most  important space is the environment that surrounds not only our properties,  but  the  broader  communities  in  which we  operate.  This  is  why  we  continue  to  address sustainable  practices  in  both  markets  in  the  areas of  energy  efficiency,  renewable  energy  generation, reducing CO 2 emissions, rainwater harvesting, storm water  management, waste water management, fuel consumption and conservation. The Group continues to monitor both its electricity and water usage across the portfolio, and continues to successfully reduce its carbon footprint.

Our buildings are more than just bricks and mortar. We strive to improve each and every aspect of our properties, ensuring that we develop environmentally friendly buildings with a low environmental impact in both markets.

Our  properties  are  not  crowded  environments  and are typically low-intensity in their use relative to other real estate types. Coupled with a relatively low staff complement at  each  property,  we  are  low  users  of electricity and water.

During  the  period  we  continued  to  focus  on  further reducing the already low environmental impact of our properties.

## SUSTAINABILITY TARGETS

With  regards  to  both  property  acquisitions  and  new developments, we place great emphasis on continually seeking to improve  our over-arching environmental performance.

For  newly  acquired  trading  properties  in  South  Africa and the UK, we seek to:

-  Install solar PV panels where not already installed
-  Install LED lighting where not already installed
-  Implement waste management initiatives

In  addition,  we  also  seek  to  install  electric  vehicle charging stations in the UK (site specific and based on demand). It's  envisaged  that  a  similar  approach will be followed in South Africa in due course.

For  new  developments  in  South  Africa  and  the  UK, we seek to:

-    Install  solar  PV  panels  and  ensure  the  general reduction of CO 2 emissions wherever possible
-  Install motion sensors and LED light fittings
-  Use building materials that assist with insulation
-  Harvest rainwater for internal use where possible
-    Implement effective surface water design and management
-    T arget designs which allow for the maximisation of daylight to reduce demand for artificial lighting
-    Maintain/enhance each site's ecological value through retention of vegetation and new planting
-    Source  major  building  materials  from  responsible local suppliers where practical
-    Minimise  construction  waste  and  implement  a  site waste management plan

In the UK, we also seek to:

-    Achieve  a  'Very  good'  or  'Excellent'  BREEAM 1 (Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method) rating
-    Make a commitment to the considerate constructors scheme
-    Install bat and bird boxes to mitigate for the loss of suitable habitat
-    Install electric vehicle charging stations - site specific and based on demand

1 BREEAM, first published by the Building Research Establishment (BRE) in 1990, is the world's longest established method of assessing, rating, and certifying the sustainability of buildings.

## ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY (continued)

## OPERATIONAL STORE ENERGY CONSUMPTION

The predominant energy consumption of our properties is grid electricity for lighting, elevators, general power, heating, cooling and ventilation. These cause indirect off-site power station carbon emissions.

Despite increased activity at our properties as a result of  a  relaxation  in  lockdown  restrictions,  the  Group continued the trend of reduced electricity consumption across  the  portfolio  in  South  Africa.  This  can  be attributed  to  the  improved  contribution  of  the  solar PV installations, improved staff behaviour, as well as various additional energy reduction initiatives.

The following initiatives have reduced our properties' electricity consumption:

-    Motion-sensitive  lighting  at  all  properties.  We  fit these at optimum distances to reduce the number of fittings and the energy consumed.
-    LED light fittings are installed inside and outside all new properties,  and  retrofitted  onto  existing  ones. LED  light  fittings  save  up  to  60%  of  consumption compared to standard fittings.
-    Solar  panelled  hot  water  cylinders  are  installed  to heat water in the retail stores and security offices at many properties.
-    Each  month,  we  prepare  and  review  a  detailed analysis  to  assess  energy  consumption  across  the portfolio, with exceptions timeously dealt with through active management.

## PHOTOVOLTAIC (SOLAR) SYSTEMS

We  were  the  first  self  storage  property  owner  in South Africa to install solar technology for three-phase power generation.

-    T o date we have invested approximately R12 million in renewable energy, installing Solar PV systems at eight additional properties during the period.
-  A total  of  23  properties  are  now  fitted  with  these systems.
-    These  23  properties  have  to  date  generated  over 1.7  million  kWh  in  solar  energy  and  rendered electricity consumption savings in line with what was projected for each system.
-    We have identified an additional six properties to be fitted with such systems in South Africa and the UK.  This includes existing properties  and  new developments.
-    We plan to invest a further estimated R8.0 million in renewable energy over the medium term.

We have continued the trend of reducing our carbon emissions footprint each year, resulting in more than 770 tonnes of carbon savings during the period. This represents an improvement of approximately 30% year-on-year.

## BI-DIRECTIONAL CHECK METERS

As  a  result  of  our  Solar  PV  system  installations,  we have  continued  to  generate  excess  power  at  our properties during the year. These properties have bidirectional meters installed on their incoming electrical supply.  When  the  properties  with  such  functionality generate more electrical energy than is used from the power utility, we receive a kWh credit.

Year  on  year,  the  total  generation  off-set  grew  by approximately 60%, to an estimated 125 000 kWh.

## OPERATIONAL STORE WATER CONSUMPTION

Water  consumption  is  a  major  focus  area  for  the Group. We have continued to roll-out various watersaving initiatives, which includes the installation of an online monitoring system at certain properties across the portfolio.

Currently 34 properties are connected to these water monitoring systems, which supply management information in real-time in respect of water consumption. Through these systems, we are able to identify abnormal use or leakage almost immediately via automated alarms.

We plan  to  have  the  entire  South  African  portfolio connected to these systems in the medium term.

Self storage remains the real estate sector's lowest generator of greenhouse gases and the lowest user in terms of water and energy intensity.

## COMPARISON OF INTENSITY

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY (continued)

## RAINWATER HARVESTING

Rainwater harvesting is the accumulation and storage of rainwater for reuse on-site, rather than allowing it to run off into the storm water system. It provides an independent water supply during the summer months, and can be used for irrigation and to substitute the municipal  supply  when  necessary.  As  many  of  our properties benefit from having significant roof space, we have installed these systems at 25 locations across the portfolio.

At our head office in Claremont, Cape Town, water is  supplied  by  rainwater  harvested  from  the  roof  as well as via a borehole situated below the basement level parking garage. These natural sources provide sufficient capacity to permanently supply the property with the necessary water required to service washing and ablution facilities. This is a significant contribution to  continued water-saving efforts being made in the region. Other initiatives to supplement and conserve the municipal water supply include the pumping and storing of ground water for irrigation purposes at three properties and borehole installations at a further two properties.

## STORM WATER MANAGEMENT AND CONSERVATION

We  have  incorporated  permeable  paving  into  our external civil engineering design at a number of our properties. Permeable paving is qualitatively different from traditional paving methods in that water is treated on-site before being discharged into both the natural groundwater table and storm water system.

## COMMITTED TO DEVELOPING A NET ZERO CARBON PATHWAY

During the year the Group committed to developing a net zero carbon pathway. The process involves setting science-based targets using the Science-Based Targets initiative  (SBTi)  methodology.  The  SBTi  methodology follows a process of setting a clearly defined pathway for  companies  to  reduce  greenhouse  gas  (GHG) emissions.

The SBTi, a partnership between the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), the United Nations Global Compact, World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Wide Fund  for  Nature  (WWF),  drives  ambitious  climate action in the private sector by enabling organisations to set science-based  emissions  reduction  targets. It  defines  and  promotes  best  practice  in  emissions reductions  and  net  zero  targets  in  accordance  with climate science.

## SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED LOAN FINANCING

As part of a UK debt restructure, the Group entered into its first 'green' sustainability-linked loan facility during the  year.  The  £21.0  million  7-year  sustainabilitylinked loan was entered into with institutional lender Aviva Investors.

The sustainability-linked  loan  is  aligned  with  Aviva's Real Estate Debt Sustainable Transition Loan Framework,  which  is  focused  on  key  sustainability targets such as energy efficiency and green initiatives, including on-site renewables.

The  Aviva  loan  is  structured  such  that  achievement of certain environmental KPIs will trigger a reduction in  loan  margin.  These  KPIs  include  the  installation of solar, reducing scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions and  developing  our  net  zero  carbon  pathway,  as indicated above.

Two independent bodies were appointed to ensure that our KPIs align with the requirements of Aviva's Real Estate  Debt  Sustainable  Transition  Loan  framework and to ensure that they are structured in accordance with the Loan  Market  Association's Sustainability Linked Loan Principles.

## SOUTH AFRICAN AND UK PORTFOLIO BASELINES AND KPIs

During  the  year  the  Group  completed  a  process  of identifying, reviewing and selecting an independent third-party  sustainability  consultant  who  has  been tasked  with  setting  baselines  for  carbon  emissions and  water  consumption  for  properties  in  the  South African and UK portfolios, together with establishing environmental  KPIs  to  consider  for  adoption  and ongoing performance measurement.

The independent consultant has conducted a Carbon Footprint Assessment across the South African portfolio in order to set the baselines for carbon emissions at each property.

<!-- image -->

## SOCIAL SUSTAINABILITY

At Stor-Age we strive to make a sustainable difference. Recognising our role as a responsible member of the broader community, and in line with our Core Value of Relevance, we aim to improve our customers' and employees' lives, as well as the lives of people in the broader communities in which we operate.

In  line  with  our  ESG  framework,  our  medium-term objective is to continue focusing our resources on  fewer  but  larger  projects.  We  recognise  the importance of being an active member of our local communities,  and  we  encourage  our  employees  at the property level to develop close links with charities, schools, sports clubs and local interest groups.

Our support typically includes the provision of complimentary storage space and additional support is provided on a select basis in the form of:

-  Financial contributions
-  Leveraging our digital marketing platform
-    Generating  exposure  via  branding  on  Company vans and billboards
-    Vehicles and the use of our properties as drop-off/ collection points

Over the past year we have contributed an estimated R1.5  million  worth  of  support  to  various  initiatives, some of which include:

## KOLISI FOUNDATION

The Kolisi Foundation, founded by Springbok rugby captain  Siya  Kolisi  and  his  wife  Rachel,  aims  to combat inequality in South Africa by providing food security, addressing gender-based violence and creating equitable access in sports and education.

During the year the Group  continued to assist the foundation with its operational requirements by providing complimentary self storage space, supporting financial fundraising campaigns, and assisting  with  various  community-focused  upliftment initiatives.

The partnership, which enables the Kolisi Foundation to  place  a  greater  emphasis  on  alleviating  extreme poverty,  mentoring  youth  and  promoting  equality, unites  our  employees  behind  a  common  cause  and offers  the  opportunity  to  positively  engage  with  the public and local communities.

During the winter of 2021, we launched a nationwide blanket drop initiative in partnership with the foundation. Delivered via a social media campaign, the public were invited to visit any Stor-Age property and  donate  a  blanket.  Over  1  200  blankets  were collected  and  then  distributed  to  those  in  need  in communities throughout South Africa.

## CHARITIES AND NPOS

During the year we continued to offer complimentary self  storage  space  to  a  number  of  charities  and NPOs. These included the Gary Kirsten Foundation, JAG Foundation, JOG Trust, Helping Hands SA, SA Water Warriors and Songo.

In  addition  to  providing  complimentary  self  storage space, our properties also acted as drop off points for various  charitable  organisations.  Through  our  social media  platforms  and  positive  brand  association/ endorsement,  we  also  assisted  further  by  creating heightened awareness for these organisations, encouraging additional support from the public and local business sector.

## KWAZULU-NATAL FLOODING CRISIS

Following  the  tragic  flooding  which  took  place  in KwaZulu-Natal  in  April  2022,  all  of  our  Durban properties  served  as  drop  off  points  for  donations. These donations, primarily non-perishable foods, clothing and blankets, were then distributed to communities in need.

A fundraising campaign was also set up for Stor-Age employees who lost their homes and their belongings during the flooding crisis. The Company matched all donations received.

## LEARNERSHIPS

In  2021,  an  agreement  was  entered  into  with  the Skills Development Corporation (SDC), an accredited learning institution based in Johannesburg, to provide a 12-month Business Administration Services learnership programme to 12 learners from previously disadvantaged backgrounds.

As the SDC is based in Randburg, it was logistically and administratively  sensible  for  the  organisation  to recruit  learner  candidates  in  the  surrounding  areas of  Gauteng.  Three  Stor-Age  properties  are  situated in the immediate area of the SDC offices, which will enable  the  Group  to  leverage  off  this  association sustainably,  by  further  supporting  learners  from  the local community in the future.

## SOCIAL SUSTAINABILITY (continued)

This partnership provides Stor-Age with a sustainable means of supporting economic transformation within the country at a local level. At year end, nine learners recorded satisfactory attendance and completed the SDC  Business  Administration Services learnership programme  successfully.  The  relationship  with  the SDC has been renewed for 2022 with a further 12 learners enrolled.

With  a  view  to  preparing  staff  for  management and  leadership  roles  in  the  future,  six  head  office staff members  in  South  Africa  commenced  with a management  learnership programme  with the SpecCon Group in 2022.

## SUPPORTING SMALL BUSINESSES

As a geographically decentralised business with 85 properties  throughout  South  Africa  and  the  UK,  we support  a  host  of  small  businesses.  In  South  Africa, more  than  50% 1 of  our  business  customers  classify themselves as SMMEs  and  approximately  20% 1 classify  themselves  as  entrepreneurs.  For  many  we play an important support role in their daily operations as well as their growth strategies.

Our properties  act  as  business  incubators  for  many of  these  SMMEs,  often  assisting  local  businesses transition from family home-based operations to larger scale  entities,  employing  more  staff  and  thereby further contributing to the local economy.

The self storage product provides a convenient, safe and  flexible  solution  to  businesses  such  as  online retailers, service providers and tradesmen, as well as importers and exporters looking for either a short-term or long-term storage solution.

## SHINING THE LIGHT ON LOCAL BUSINESSES

The  Stor-Age  Business  Hub  was  launched  during the  year  following  the  success  of  the  social  media campaign  launched  in  the  prior  year  titled  'Local Business Spotlight'. As part of this campaign, Stor-Age business customers were featured on the Company's Instagram, Facebook and LinkedIn profiles.

The Stor-Age Business Hub is a complimentary offering for  business  customers  that  provides  an  additional platform  where  they  can  promote  their  products  or services to tenants at the property at which they are storing and to their greater community.

Stor-Age facilitates each customer's participation in  the  Business  Hub  by  hosting  the  customer  at  a photoshoot and assisting them with preparing suitable communications material. The customer is then profiled on  a  dedicated  section  on  the  Stor-Age  website. In  addition,  their  business  is  featured  on  Stor-Age's various  social  media  platforms,  with  a  paid  media campaign implemented for each profile that  targets the local communities of the business or organisation being  showcased.  Through  this  initiative,  Stor-Age actively promotes the sustainability of its commercial customers.

During  the  period  more  than  20  customers  were profiled, reaching more than 1.2 million people via Stor-Age's website and various social media platforms.

We remain committed to improving our tenants' and employees' lives, as well as the lives of people in the communities in which we operate.

<!-- image -->

1

Data as of 28 February 2022.

## BRINGING OUR CORE VALUES TO LIFE

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SOCIAL SUSTAINABILITY (continued)

## HUMAN SUSTAINABILITY

350 1 +

Total number of employees at year end

38 years 1

Average employee age

Continuously striving for an optimal environment in which our staff can build sustainable careers at Stor-Age remains a key focus area.

At recruitment stage we  interview for alignment between  personal  and  Company  Core  Values  as we believe these are markers of identity and act as guiding  principles  to  form  a  lasting  and  successful employer-employee relationship.

Alignment  between  personal  and  Company  Core Values also allows for a seamless integration into the Company  culture.  Building  a  successful and  sustainable  team  requires  integrating  diverse behaviours and personalities. To positively contribute to  the  building  of  successful  teams,  we  make  use of tools that allow us to identify the behaviours and habits  critical  to  success  in  particular  roles.  These critical behaviours and habits are tested for during the recruitment phase, as well as used to assemble teams with the most optimal team dynamic.

During the year we continued to expand our teams across  the  country  as  more  properties  have  been added to our portfolio. In addition, in line with our ongoing  focus  on  digitalisation,  we  continued  to recruit for qualified candidates in the digital field.

## EMPLOYEE LEARNING AND DEVELOPMENT

Stor-Age  is  committed  to  employee  development through effective learning and training opportunities. Our learning  and  development  framework  identifies 10 areas for intervention for head office and storebased  employees.  We  have  developed  a  range of  training  courses,  which  are  delivered  in  various modes.

-    Our  e-learning  platform,  Edu-Space,  enables  our employees to receive training and assessment simultaneously  across  all  our  locations  in  South Africa and the UK.
-    We offer workshops, refresher courses and facilitated senior management planning sessions at a range of venues in South Africa and the UK. These include targeted  groups  of  executives,  senior,  middle  and junior managers with a focus on staff development, retention and future roles within the business.

<!-- image -->

1 South Africa only.

-    Primary  areas  of  ongoing  training  include  frontline store-based  staff,  staff  residing  in  our  recoveries team (debt collection), as well as staff based in our Contact Centre.
-    Where appropriate, specific and individual training is offered to employees. Our core training programme is complemented by management and leadership  development  programmes  which  are delivered in-house and by external service providers.

In  addition  to  contributing  to  the  social  and  ethical aspects of better business practice, customer surveys are  a  key  driver  of  the  learning  and  development programmes delivered to employees. Engaging customers  through  this  medium  has  enabled  this crucial stakeholder group  to influence Stor-Age's employee practices and processes directly and in a meaningful manner.

## STUDY SUPPORT PROGRAMME

Our employee study support programme assists employees  with career development  at accredited institutions. This programme, which financially supported seven staff members during the year, not only sustainably supports  the  development  of  our  employees  but  also contributes towards retaining their expertise and services into the future.

Recipients of the employee study support programme include staff from across the business. We look forward to the contributions that these individuals will continue to make to the organisation.

## PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT AND SUPPORT

Comprehensive job descriptions set out every employee's role within the business and the competencies required to deliver value in their roles. Our annual performance and personal development reviews  facilitate  formal  assessment  and  feedback to  all  employees  by  their  immediate  line  managers. A  key  outcome  of  this  process  is  the  identification of  an  individual's  primary  training,  learning  and development needs to ensure effective performance.

## Edu-Space highlights

150+ Number of courses delivered

2 000+ Successfully completed modules

96%+

Pass rate achieved

47 000+

Hours of online training

## Face-to-face training highlights 1

15+ Number of courses delivered 2

90+

Employees received face-to-face training

## Employee feedback

'I have renewed energy towards the role that I play in the further development of staff within my operational area. I believe that is down to all the input and ideas provided by the Learning and Development team.'

4.5 Average employee rating out of 5 for our face-to-face learning courses

<!-- image -->

1 South Africa and the UK.

2 Number of face-to-face interactions were impacted by COVID-19 restrictions and safety protocols.

## SOCIAL SUSTAINABILITY (continued)

## LEARNING AND DEVELOPMENT FRAMEWORK

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## STRATEGIC DEVELOPMENT WORKSHOPS

Invited senior executives and managers. Strategic alignment and planning for South Africa and the UK

## MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE (MANCO)

Annual and quarterly meetings for senior managers. Strategic planning and implementation sessions

## MIDDLE MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENT

By invitation. An introduction to leadership and management in business

## EXTERNAL STUDY

As identified through annual performance and personal development review processes

## AD HOC WORKSHOPS

Covering a diverse range of functional areas - including, but not limited to operations, Contact Centre, recoveries (debt collection), and health and safety

## E-LEARNING SESSIONS ON EDU-SPACE

Driven by business needs

## OPERATIONS TRAINING WORKSHOPS AT REGIONAL TRAINING CENTRES

Hosted by area managers

## OPERATIONS ORIENTATION PROGRAMME

Five-week in-store welcome and basic training (level 1) by trainer at a designated training store

## WELCOME AND INDUCTION PROGRAMME

Meet with a member of the learning and development (L&amp;D) team and complete the introduction module on Edu-Space

<!-- image -->

Our learning and development framework continues to offer our staff the opportunity to develop their skills and to progress in their careers.

<!-- image -->

## TRANSFORMATION

In line with our Core Value of Sustainability, Stor-Age aims to make a real contribution to the economy of South Africa and, in the process, achieve sustainable transformation  objectives  aligned  with  broad-based black economic empowerment legislation.

As the leading self storage company in South Africa, Stor-Age commits to making a real difference in the South African economy by implementing sustainable business  transformation  and  employment  diversification plans,  in  order  to  achieve  key  milestones,  and  to maintain  compliant  status  in  terms  of  the  Property Sector Transformation Charter.

Stor-Age  remains  a  Broad-Based  Black  Economic Empowerment (B-BBEE) compliant business.

## EMPLOYEE-FOCUSED INITIATIVES

We  have a number of other employee-focused initiatives in place to boost employee engagement.

Our  Year-end  Review  in  South  Africa  is  an  ideal opportunity  to  develop  and  enhance  our  business culture. Traditionally this event has been held in person, but as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic we hosted our  Year-end  Review  virtually  for  the  second  time  in March 2022. This virtual event was a great success, where we brought together all employees from across the country in an engaging, informative and interactive session. Coupled with fostering new partnerships and sharing best practices, the Year-end Review is a key contributor to the ethos and personality of the business.

## Employee feedback:

'Our Year-end Review is a great way to connect with the broader team and to celebrate our various successes across the business.'

'The technology that has been introduced into our annual event was spectacular. It was great to see our teams across the country, even if it was from behind a screen.'

'Our annual event is always uplifting and emotional. It was a wonderful interactive way of celebrating our success. I feel very blessed to be working as part of such a wonderful team.'

## WORKPLACE FLEXIBILITY

A balanced hybrid working model has been adopted at the head office in South Africa and the UK.  Through  this  model,  line  managers  have  been given the authority  to  consider  and  implement  team and individual person specific optimal working arrangements.

Read more about this hybrid model in the Social and Ethics Committee report on page 120.

## EMPLOYEE WELLNESS

We  continued  to  roll-out  a  wellness  initiative  in  South Africa focused on encouraging our employees to practice and  improve  their  habits  to  attain  better  physical  and mental health.

In South Africa we provide fully funded life, disability and funeral assistance cover through an insurance policy to all our store-based employees and select skilled technical staff, while our internally facilitated Medical Aid Scheme (Momentum Health)  and  our  Group  Retirement  Annuity (Allan Gray) have steadily grown in participation.

A healthcare and retirement annuity subsidy is provided to support staff contributions to medical aid, gap cover and retirement funding. As part of this programme we have been able to negotiate and provide preferential rates for our staff.

Stor-Age  also  provides,  subject  to  SARS  requirements, interest free loans to staff for emergencies and unforeseen events  to  assist  them  through  any  negative  personal circumstances.

We continue to encourage staff to make small, sustainable changes in their lives that will allow them to build a successful career.

Through  our  wellness  initiative  we  have  continued to  reinforce  the  importance  of  COVID-19  safety measures,  including  but  not  limited  to  the  use  of shared  spaces,  sanitisers,  mask  wearing  and  hand washing.

## SOCIAL SUSTAINABILITY (continued)

Both the mental and  physical wellbeing of our staff  members  have  remained  a  focus  area  for  the Company. During the year a Wellness Webinar was hosted  with  a  well  renowned  medical  doctor  and inspirational speaker, to further impress upon our staff the  importance  of  taking  care  of  their  physical  and mental health. The event was very well received.

In  South  Africa  our  intranet  continues  to  boast  high levels  of  participation  by  our  in-store  employees, providing a transparent platform on which they can make improvement suggestions to enhance our internal operating  standards  and  business  practices.  Once logged, management provides timeous feedback on all suggestions, including actions implemented where relevant.  While  often  simple,  these  suggestions  can and have had a sizeable impact on our business and improving  efficiency.  The  platform  also  contributes towards improved employee productivity and ensures that  our  employees  feel  heard  and  taken  care  of  a  testament  to  our  non-hierarchical  structure  and commitment to our Core Values.

During the period we  recorded a year-on-year increase in our employee net promoter score. Other initiatives  include  our  anonymous  employee  surveys conducted annually. These surveys provide a platform for our staff to voice their opinions by responding to key questions on how their job aligns with the Stor-

<!-- image -->

Age Vision and Mission, remuneration and work life balance. This feedback assists us to create a positive workplace  environment  and  ensure  our  employees' days are more productive and rewarding.

In addition, the Company operates an employee gift programme to acknowledge important milestones in our employees' lives, such as when they get married, engaged or have a child.

## HEALTH, SAFETY AND COMPLIANCE

## Stor-Age is committed to compliance in the following areas:

-    Occupational Health and Safety Act
-  COVID-19 Safety Compliance
-  Basic Conditions of Employment Act
-  Labour Relations Act
-    Compensation for Occupational Injuries and Diseases Act
-  Skills Development Act
-  Employment Equity Act
- -Preferential Procurement Policy Framework Act
- -Property Sector Transformation Charter
- -Amended Property Sector Codes

We place a great deal of emphasis on ensuring that our teams, whether in store or in the head office, have a safe environment in which to work. 99

<!-- image -->

The  relevant charts  are  displayed  in  a  common area  accessible  to  all  employees  at  the  head  office and in  all  stores.  Health  and  safety  representative/s are appointed as required by the OHSA.  The representatives meet regularly and  make  relevant recommendations to management.

## Stor-Age endeavours to ensure safe conditions and premises for customers and employees, including but not limited to:

-  Housekeeping and general cleanliness
-  Lighting
-  Ventilation
-  Emergency evacuations
-  Working electrical systems
-  Safe and working machinery
-  Hazardous chemicals
-  Roadworthy, timeously serviced Company vehicles

## Stor-Age endeavours to ensure that the following items are not stored by tenants:

-  Toxic pollutants or contaminated goods
-  Firearms, ammunitions or explosives
-  Radioactive materials
-  Hazardous goods
-  Living plants or animals
-  Food or perishable goods
-  Cash and securities
-  Illegal goods
-  Waste

Stor-Age holds regular risk assessments to take steps to  eliminate  risks;  take  and  manage  or  enforce precautionary measures where necessary; and train or  educate  all  employees  accordingly.  Systems  of evidence  are  maintained  at  head  office  and  in  all stores.

An example of our commitment to workplace health and  safety  is  our  nationwide,  same-day,  same-time fire  drills  in  South  Africa  (across  all  properties  and including head office).

These fire drills are led by dedicated project leaders who oversee this  practice.  Results  are  documented, submitted to head office and reviewed. Improvement recommendations are then implemented as required, enabling us to benchmark our performance and strive for continuous improvement.

We continue to identify new risks or opportunities and improve our operating standards and training modules on Edu-Space, so that we can achieve excellence in workplace health and safety.

## Particular and specific policies and procedures are distributed and followed, covering the following topics and issues:

-  Health and safety representatives
-    High-risk equipment/machinery/facilities - lifts and hoists
-  Removal van service
-  Diesel generators
-  Contractor entry and exit logs
-  Medical emergencies and first-aid training
-  Fire safety and related training
-  Evacuation procedures
-  Hazardous chemicals
-  Incident/accident reporting

We strive to uphold the highest standard when it comes to the health and safety of both our staff and our customers at each of our properties in South Africa and the UK.

Stor-Age's approach to ensure the health, safety and wellness  of  our  employees  during  the  COVID-19 pandemic is  outlined  in  the  Corporate  Governance report from page 72.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Stor-Age  is  committed  to  sound  ethical  standards  and  the  principles  of  good corporate governance.

The  board  is  ultimately  responsible  for  guiding  our strategy and for approving policies and practices that ensure we conduct business according to the Group's Core Values of Excellence, Sustainability, Relevance and

Integrity. It does this within an appropriate framework of governance and oversight to ensure stakeholder interests are safeguarded.

## BOARD FOCUS AREAS FOR THE PAST FINANCIAL YEAR

| Board focus areas  Actions undertaken by the board and its subcommittees  Continued execution of the  COVID-19 response plan  Oversaw the continued execution of the COVID-19 response plan to ensure a  seamless continuation of operations throughout the various stages of lockdown.  Transformation  Guiding its  transformation  objectives,  the  board  continued  with  the  implementation  of the transformation plan, developed in line with the Property Sector Code.  Disciplined execution of  the five-year property  growth strategy to 2025  Oversaw  the  continued  execution  of  the  Group's  five-year  property  growth  strategy.  This  included  the  development  of  the  Cresta,  Tyger  Valley  and  Sunningdale properties, as well as the acquisition of Silver Park Self Storage and  Green Cube Self Storage in South Africa. In the UK it included the acquisition  of Blackpool Self Store, as well as the multi-store portfolios of McCarthy's and  Storagebase. An additional four properties were secured for future development,  two in South Africa and two in the UK. In South Africa, development of the new  Morningside and Bryanston properties in Johannesburg are underway, and in  the UK the development of the new Heathrow property in west London and the  redevelopment of the property in Bath has begun.  Response to destruction  of Waterfall property in  KwaZulu-Natal in July  2021 civil unrest  Oversaw the response of the senior management team to the theft and destruction  of  customer's  goods,  as  well  as  the  destruction  and  damage  to  buildings.  The  response included re-securing the property adequately post the riots, communicating  effectively with all customers, as well as managing a significant insurance claims  process  with  SASRIA,  on  behalf  of  all  tenants.  In  addition,  the  board  oversaw  the  insurance  claim  process  for  the  damage  and  destruction  to  the  buildings.  Our claim for the building damage of R51.7 million (excluding VAT) was settled in  full in January 2022. Over 95% of claims on behalf of our customers have also been  settled in full by SASRIA. In addition, an interim payment of R10 million in respect  of the R10.3 million claim for loss of revenue for the period to March 2022 was  approved by SASRIA in June 2022.  Continued execution of  the ESG strategy  Oversaw the  continued  execution  of  the  Group's  ESG  strategy,  covering  the  areas  of  environmental  sustainability,  social  sustainability  and  corporate  governance. The strategy is guided by the social and ethics committee, which  continues to monitor whether the Group complies with legal requirements and  global best practice in terms of its impact on the economy, the workplace, the  social environment and the natural environment. Read more about our strategy  and approach to ESG from page 57.  Research and  implementation of UK  debt restructure  Oversaw the process of researching and implementing a UK debt restructure to  optimally position the Group for future growth. The restructure was finalised in  October 2021. The revised debt structure includes a two bank-club lend facility  with HSBC and Santander, and the introduction of a complementary institutional  funding component, in the form of a sustainability-linked loan facility with Aviva.  A detailed overview of the revised debt structure is included in the Financial  Review section from page 46.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Board focus areas  Actions undertaken by the board and its subcommittees  Compliance with the  Protection of Personal  Information Act (PoPIA)  Oversaw  the  implementation  of  the  PoPIA  plan  and  the  execution  thereof  to  ensure continued compliance.  Benchmarking  remuneration  Appointed  remuneration  specialist  to  conduct  independent  benchmarking  exercises  to  ensure  that  executive  and  non-executive  director  remuneration  levels  are  market  related.  The  board  remains  committed  to  working  towards  the transparent, competitive and fair implementation of the remuneration policy.  Self-evaluation  Undertook a detailed self-evaluation during the year. The objective of the self-  evaluation  was  to  identify  improvement  opportunities  that  would  strengthen  corporate governance practices and the board's performance and competence.  Implementation of  third-party management  platform growth plan in  the UK  Oversaw  the  Management  1 st  growth  plan  in  the  UK,  the  third-party  management solution offered to independent operators, developers and private  equity owners. This included the ongoing roll-out of a digital services offering  to  independent  third-party  operators  during  the  year  -  Digital  First.  Digital  First is a sub-component of the Management 1 st  offering. Find out more about  Management 1 st  on page 23.  Finalisation of  Nedbank JV  Provided oversight over the finalisation of commercial terms, to develop two high  profile properties in Morningside and Bryanston at a total cost of approximately  R200.0 million. Find out more about the Nedbank JV on page 17.  Managing changes to the  composition of the board  During the period Sello Moloko retired from the board. The board follows a  process of continuing to consider appropriate candidates who could potentially  add  value  to  the  Group  in  the  role  of  an  independent  non-executive  board  member.  Ongoing implementation  of multiyear digital  strategy  Oversaw  the  ongoing  implementation  of  the  multiyear  digital  strategy.  The  strategy guides the Group's digital transformation over the medium term, ensuring  that the Company remains responsive to shifting consumer trends and the pace  of technological change, as well as guiding investment in digital technology.  Ongoing roll-out of solar  technology for three-  phase power generation  The  board  remains  committed  to  investing  in  sustainable  power  solutions  through  solar  technology  for  three-phase  power  generation.  A  total  of  23  properties are fitted with solar PV systems, generating more than an estimated  1.7 million kWh and, during the year reducing CO  ²  emissions by more than an  estimated 770 tonnes. An additional six properties have been identified to be  fitted with solar technology in South Africa and the UK. These include existing  properties and new developments.  Ongoing enhancement of  security infrastructure  The board remains committed to ensuring the continued safety of our customers,  their goods and our staff. The board oversaw the ongoing implementation of  enhanced security features across the South African portfolio. This included a  further roll-out of offsite CCTV monitoring and linked alarm systems, license plate  recognition technology, as well as the installation of individual unit door alarms  as a standard design feature at all newly developed properties.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued)

## GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

The board is ultimately fully responsible for the strategic direction, control and management of the Group and is satisfied that it has fulfilled its responsibilities according to its charter for the year. To assist it in fulfilling these responsibilities, the board has appointed subcommittees.

<!-- image -->

*

Non-executive director.

** Independent non-executive director.

^

Lead independent director.

For more information on the qualifications and experience of subcommittee members, refer to pages 78 to 80.

The  board  exercises  control  through  a  governance framework.  This  includes  reviewing  detailed  reports presented to it and its subcommittees, and oversight of our continuously updated risk management programme to  ensure  effective  management  and  control  of  the risks facing the business. The board and subcommittee structure is supported by appropriate internal governance practices and procedures. These promote an efficient, objective and independent decision-making culture that considers the interests of all stakeholders.

The terms of reference of the board and its subcommittees deal with such matters as corporate governance, compliance, directors' dealings in securities, declarations of  conflicts  of  interest,  board  meeting  documentation, and procedures for the nomination, appointment, induction, training and evaluation of directors.

At board level there is a clear division of responsibilities and an appropriate balance of power and authority. No individual has unfettered powers of decision-making or dominates the board's deliberations and decisions. The board  regularly  reviews  the  decision-making  authority given  to  management  and  those  matters  reserved  for decision-making by the board.

The roles and responsibilities of the Chairman and the CEO are clearly defined and distinct:

- The  CEO  is  responsible  and  accountable  for  the overall operations of the Group and the implementation of the strategy and objectives adopted by the board.
- The CEO's notice period is two months and there are no contractual conditions related to the CEO's termination.
- The  Chairman  is  responsible  for  ensuring  proper governance  of  the  board  and  its  subcommittees, ensuring  that  the  interests  of  all  stakeholders  are protected, and facilitating constructive engagement between the executives and the board. The Chairman does not chair any other listed company.

## KING IV

In  2019  we  implemented  the  King  IV  code  after thorough consideration of the recommended practices. As a relatively young business, we continue to evolve our  corporate  governance  practices,  policies  and procedures in tandem with the growth in our business, taking  guidance  from  the  recommended  practices outlined in King IV.

Our application  of  King  IV  is  set  out  in  a  separate document available on our website - www.investorrelations.stor-age.co.za.

This  document  provides  high-level  references  to  our disclosures  per  principle  (including  non-compliance, where relevant).

Overall, the board is satisfied with the application of the principles of King IV and believes that it effectively discharges its responsibilities to achieve the good governance outcomes of an ethical culture, good performance, effective control and legitimacy with stakeholders.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued)

## BOARD AND SUBCOMMITTEE MEETINGS

The table below sets out the board and subcommittee meetings held during the reporting period and the attendance at each:

| Sub-  committees  Meetings  attended  Meetings  eligible  %  Attend-  ance  Board  Audit  and risk  committee  Social  and ethics  committee  Investment  committee  Remune-  ration  committee  Director  Graham Blackshaw  (Chair)**  IC; SEC; RC  21  22  95%  4  2  10  5  John Chapman* ^  IC  14  15  93%  4  10  Kelly de Kock*  ARC; RC  13  13  100%  4  3  5  Phakama Mbikwana*  ARC; SEC  9  9  100%  4  3  2  Sello Moloko* 1  ARC; SEC  2  2  100%  1  1  Mntungwa Morojele*  ARC; RC  12  12  100%  4  3  5  Abu Varachhia*  SEC; IC  14  15  93%  4  2  10  Gavin Lucas***  IC  15  15  100%  4  11  Stephen Lucas***  4  4  100%  4  Steven Horton***  IC  15  15  100%  4  11  Actual attendance  119  37  10  6  52  15  Eligible attendance  122  37  10  6  55  15  % attendance  98% 100%  100%  100%  95%  100%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*^ Lead independent director.

* Independent non-executive director.
- ** Non-executive director.

*** Executive director.

- 1 Resigned from the board on 30 June 2021.

## COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD

The board is satisfied that it consists of an appropriate mix of individuals to ensure an adequate level of knowledge, skills  and expertise - enabling it to contribute meaningfully to the management of the Group. However, it seeks to continue to further improve diversity.

<!-- image -->

## BOARD SKILL SET AND EXPERTISE (NUMBER OF DIRECTORS)

<!-- image -->

In terms of tenure, one of the non-executive board members as at 31 March 2022 was appointed to the board in November 2015 following the Company's listing on the JSE. A further two non-executive directors were appointed in May 2018 and another two in January and September 2020. The most recent appointment came in January 2021. Only the three executive directors were involved in the operations of Stor-Age prior to the listing.

<!-- image -->

Increasing racial diversification remains a core focus for the Group, with Stor-Age's transformation plan continuing to guide transformation across the business.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued)

## DIRECTORS

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Gavin Lucas Chief executive officer (CEO) - CA(SA) Joined the board prior to listing in 2015.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

An entrepreneurial property developer backed by an experienced management team of professionals with a range of skills including investment banking, finance, property and construction, Gavin founded the Stor-Age Group in 2005. Leading the organisation by providing a common vision and mission, Gavin is responsible for the strategic direction of the Group, coordinating plans to meet strategic goals, overseeing the overall operations, and stakeholder engagement.

Stephen Lucas Financial director - CA(SA), CFA

Joined the board prior to listing in 2015.

Stephen is one of the founding shareholders of Stor-Age and has worked alongside Gavin and Steven in developing the Stor-Age business since its inception. Stephen focuses on the Group's financial and operational management, human resources and developing and executing the operations strategy. He also has previous advisory experience in corporate finance and transaction support.

Steven Horton CA(SA)

<!-- image -->

Joined the board prior to listing in 2015.

Steven is head of property and directs the Group's property growth strategy. He oversees the procurement of all opportunities and the planning, development and property management of the portfolio across South Africa and the UK. Steven drives Stor-Age's acquisition and expansion efforts in both markets.

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Graham Blackshaw Chairman - BA LLB Joined the board prior to listing in 2015. qualified attorney, having practiced law at Herold Gie and Broadhead before joining the

<!-- image -->

A former lead development partner in the Faircape Group of companies, Graham is a Cape of Good Hope Bank, where he went on to head up the property lending division. Appointed to the position of chairman in January 2020.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

John Chapman

BSc

Joined the board as lead independent director in January 2020.

John is an executive director of Rabie Property Group, a position he has held for more than 30 years. He is responsible for strategic planning within the Rabie Group, and initiates the planning of all new developments and oversees the marketing of all aspects.

Phakama Mbikwana BCom Joined the board in May 2018.

Phakama has over 20 years' experience in the financial services sector, of which 15 was spent in the commercial and investment banking industry. Prior to her role at Dandelion Capital (Pty) Ltd, a 100% women-owned investment holding company, she was the CEO of Africa Rising Capital (Pty) Ltd. Phakama has also previously held roles at Barclays Africa (sector head: construction and construction related sectors in the corporate and investment banking division), Standard Bank Group, Investment Solutions (Alex Forbes Multi-Asset Manager) and Nedbank Corporate. She also holds the role of an independent non-executive director on the boards of Wits Health Consortium (Pty) Ltd and the National Stokvel Association of South Africa Co-operative Limited.

CA(SA), CFA, MBA (UCT)

Kelly de Kock Joined the board in May 2018.

Kelly is specialised in the areas of corporate finance and investor relations, as well as business development and operations. She has more than 16 years' commercial experience in the financial services sector and currently holds the position of Chief Operating Officer of Old Mutual Wealth's International and Private Client Capabilities. She previously held the positions of Head of Institutional Business Development at Kagiso Asset Management and Investor Relations Manager: South Africa at Old Mutual plc. Kelly also previously held the positions of Secretary-General of the Association of Black Securities and Investment Professionals (ABSIP) and Western Cape Provincial Chairperson.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued)

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS (continued)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Mntungwa Morojele MBA (UCT), CA (Lesotho), MSA (Georgetown), BSc (Charlestown) Joined the board in September 2020.

Mntungwa has more than 34 years of business experience, having established and managed various companies including Briske Performance Solutions and Motebong Tourism Investment Holdings. He is currently the CEO of iKapa Connect Investments, which is pursuing opportunities in the Renewable Energy sector. Mntungwa previously held the position of lead independent director of Spur Corporation Limited, a position he held for 8 years during his 10-year term with the company. Mntungwa started his career with KPMG Lesotho before joining Gray Security Services, where he served on the board as Group Marketing Director. He has also previously worked at the Tourism Investment Corporation (Tourvest), as well as served on the boards of Verifone Africa (Pty) Ltd and Capital Eye Investments (previously the UCS Group Limited).

Abu Varachhia BSc (SA)

Joined the board in January 2021.

Abu has more than 31 years of business experience, having previously served on the boards of JSE listed companies Spearhead Property Holdings Limited, Ingenuity Property Investments Limited and Mazor Group Limited as a non-executive director at each. Abu holds a Bachelor of Science degree (Quantity Surveying) and is currently the non-executive chairman of Spear REIT Limited. Abu has held numerous other leadership positions including chairman of LDM Quantity Surveyors, vice-president of the South African Council for the Quantity Surveying Profession, chairman of the Black Technical and Allied Careers Organisation and chairperson of the Build Environment Advisory Committee for the 2004 Olympic Bid.

<!-- image -->

## BOARD RECRUITMENT AND TRAINING

In line with the board's appointment process, all new appointees are required to possess the necessary skills to contribute meaningfully to the board's deliberations and to enhance the board's composition in accordance with  recommendations,  legislation,  regulations  and best  practice.  An  induction  programme  is  provided for  new  directors  by  the  Company's  sponsor,  and ongoing training  and  updates  are  also  provided  to directors by the Company's sponsor and auditors.

Directors  are  also  encouraged  to  take  independent advice  at  the  cost  of  the  Company  for  the  proper execution  of  their  duties  and  responsibilities.  The board has unrestricted access to the external auditor, professional advisors, and the services of the Company secretary,  the  executives  and  the  employees  of  the Company at any given time.

Directors and committee members receive comprehensive information that allows them to properly  discharge  their  responsibilities.  The  board is  satisfied  that  the  arrangements  for  training  and accessing professional corporate governance services are effective.

The  board  continues  to  give  consideration  to  the establishment  of  a  nominations  committee.  As  and when board vacancies occur or additional skills are needed, all board members are invited to put forward candidates  with  appropriate  skills  and  experience that  will  complement  and  strengthen  the  existing board.  The  Company's  sponsor  has  previously  also assisted with recommending suitable candidates and participating in the interview process and performing background checks.

All board members are given an opportunity to meet with  potential  new  candidates  and  to  voice  their opinions in the selection and decision making process. Succession  planning  of  the  executive  management team is also considered by the full board.

## BOARD ROTATION

A third of the non-executive directors must resign and stand for re-election at each annual general meeting. Details  of  directors  making  themselves  available  for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting are set out on page 266.

## BOARD ETHICS AND EFFICIENCY

During  the  year  BDO  South  Africa  Inc.  oversaw a  detailed  board  self-evaluation  and  peer  review process.  The  board  intends  conducting  a  new  selfevaluation at the end of 2023.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

The board is assisted by a suitably qualified company secretary,  Henry  Steyn  CA(SA),  who  has  adequate experience,  is  not  a  director  of  the  Company  and who  has  been  empowered  to  fulfil  his  duties.  The company secretary advises the board on appropriate procedures  for  managing  meetings  and  ensures  the corporate governance framework is maintained. The directors have unlimited professional access to the company secretary. Nothing has come to the attention of  the  board  that  indicates  non-compliance  by  the Company with applicable laws and regulations.

Given that the company secretary is not a director or an associate of a director of Stor-Age, the board is satisfied that an arm's length relationship is maintained between the board and company secretary.

During the year, the board considered the arrangements of the company secretary and confirms that it is satisfied that the arrangements are effective. The  board  is  further  satisfied  that  Henry  Steyn  is suitably qualified and experienced.

## IT GOVERNANCE

The  business  potential  of  digital  technologies  and enhanced connectivity is in tension  with  the  greater vulnerability of being connected to a global network such as the internet. We continue to note the global increase  of  ransomware  and  other  cyber  security attacks.

Enhancements  continue  to  be  made  to  our  layered network security systems to strengthen defences. We choose  reputable,  specialist  service  providers  as business partners to ensure continued cyber security measures are maintained at the highest level.

We periodically restore daily backups to confirm the validity of the backup and that there has been no data corruption. Each location joined to the network has a primary and secondary last mile connection to ensure maximum  uptime.  Internal  and  external  users  are continuously  monitored  to  ensure  the  most  effective use of resources and to limit the opportunity to breach the  Group's  cyber  defences.  Our  strategy,  suppliers and network design are reviewed on a regular basis

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued)

<!-- image -->

to stay abreast of leading best practice and remain relevant in the use of technology. External specialists are appointed by the board when considered necessary.

For  improved  efficiency  and  security,  the  Group  is currently executing on its plan to migrate its server to a cloud-based solution.

While  satisfactory,  the  board  continues  to  focus on strengthening its  IT  policy  to  further  enhance  the effectiveness  of  the  Group's  information  technology infrastructure and governance.

## EXTERNAL AUDIT

The audit and risk committee has confirmed that it is satisfied that BDO South Africa Inc. has the necessary skills  and  requirements  to  be  re-appointed  as  the auditor of the Company with the designated partner being Mr Bradley Jackson in terms of the JSE Listings Requirements paragraph 3.84(g)(iii).

## APPROACH TO COMPLIANCE

The  board  recognises  its  responsibility  to  ensure compliance  with  and  adherence  to  all  applicable laws and industry charters, codes and standards, as outlined  in  its  charter.  When  necessary,  the  board appoints corporate advisors with sector-specific knowledge  and  insight  to assist  with  managing the  Group's  compliance  requirements.  The  board is  supported  by  the  executive  management  team, who  are  considered  to  be  adequately  qualified and  experienced  to  provide  direction  on  possible compliance contraventions.

The social and ethics committee monitors compliance with the Company's social and ethical responsibilities, including social and economic development, labour and employment, the environment, stakeholder engagement and good corporate citizenship.

At  an  operational  level,  Stor-Age  ensures  stringent guidelines are implemented and managed to control our risk and ensure that high levels of health and safety, as well as Stor-Age's own standards, are maintained.

Key  areas  of  focus  during  the  year  included  the continued focus on  our transformation plan, the ongoing execution of our ESG strategy, the Protection of Personal Information Act, the Consumer Protection Act and the Property Sector Code.

## AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT REPORT

Risk management is integral to the effective implementation of our strategy. We proactively manage risk to remain a competitive and sustainable business. This enhances our operational effectiveness and enables us to create continual value for the benefit of our employees, shareholders and other stakeholders in line with our growth strategy.

The Group's risk management framework is overseen by the audit and risk committee, which  has  an  ongoing  responsibility  to monitor risk management processes by:

Executive management has an ongoing responsibility to monitor its risk management processes and report to the audit and risk committee and board accordingly.

Day-to-day risk management is the responsibility of operational, senior and executive management, and is underpinned by risk reviews conducted across all functional areas of the business.

1. Identifying risk factors that may have a material impact on the business

Assessing risks based on

2. their potential   impact on the business, including the likelihood of the risk occurring
3. Formulating a mitigating response for each area of impact
4. Monitoring progress
4. 5.
5. Reviewing identified risks on an ongoing basis and revising responses accordingly

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT REPORT (continued)

## KEY RISKS AND EFFECTIVE MITIGATORS

| Key risks  Mitigators  Risk trend  (impact and  likelihood)  1.   Global pandemic -  COVID-19  A global pandemic such  as COVID-19 may result in  increased risk of financial  loss as a result of legislated  risk mitigation measures and  practices undertaken, the  direct and indirect negative  impact on the economy,  as well as the risk of staff  contracting the virus.  •  Strong balance sheet position and mature occupancies across  South African and UK portfolios. This position of strength  remained throughout the period  •  No tenant concentration risk - 44 800 tenants  •  Strong liquidity position throughout FY22 - R322.3 million in  cash and R677.0 million of undrawn credit facilities at year end  •  Our properties are not crowded environments and are  typically low-intensity in their use relative to other real estate  types  •  All head office and Contact Centre employees have the  means to continue working from home as required  •  Stable and continued operations under strict safety protocols,  ensuring that all properties in South Africa and the UK  remained accessible throughout all lockdown stages  Stable  2. Treasury risk  Adverse interest rate  movements could result in  the cost of debt increasing.  •  LTV of 27.9% on a net-debt basis at year end is below our  target range of 25-35%  •  Effective hedge on net debt of 84.3% at year end  •  Executive management reviews current and forecast projections  of cash flow, borrowings, interest cover and covenants monthly  •  Stor-Age is highly cash generative and debt is serviced by  strong operational cash flows  •  Details of hedging positions are set out in the Financial Review  section from page 46  Increasing  3.   Weak/negative  economic growth and  risk of accelerating  inflation  Macroeconomic weakness  could inhibit the self storage  sector's growth, resulting  in reduced demand and  lower income. The current  geopolitical crisis in Ukraine  could lead to higher levels  of inflation and supply  chain constraints, which  will negatively impact  consumers in both markets.  •  A needs-driven product for life-changing events which prevail  in all economic cycles  •  A prime portfolio of well-located properties with high average  occupancy levels  •  Focused on property locations where growth drivers are  strongest and barriers to competition are at their highest  •  Strong operational management and platform  •  Continuing innovation to deliver high levels of customer service  •  Strong cash flow generation, high operating margins, low  gearing and conservative hedging policies  •  44 800 tenants spread across a geographically diversified  South African footprint (developing market) and the UK  (first-world market)  •  A proven acquisition and new development process that draws  on internal analyses, more than a decade of experience,  independent research, global trends and best practice  •  Short-term leasing model allows us to pass on higher input  costs  Increasing  4.   Acquisition risk  An inability to successfully  integrate new acquisitions  could result in lost income.  •  Established internal work streams which discuss, consider, plan  for and address challenges, as well as having detailed growth  strategies for our South African and UK operations in place  •  Managing leadership changes and inherited employees to  ensure minimal disruption to the existing businesses, is a critical  area of focus when integrating acquisitions  Decreasing   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Key risks  Mitigators  Risk trend  (impact and  likelihood)  5.   Operating in an offshore  jurisdiction  Storage King in the UK exposes  the Group to currency, interest  rate and tax risk that may  impact or result in the variability  of earnings.  •  Hedging policies with respect to the repatriation of foreign  earnings are in place  •  GBP interest rate risk is fixed at 81.4% of net debt at year end  •  Consult with professional advisors to ensure ongoing tax  compliance in the UK  •  UK management team remained in place post the acquisition and  are still co-invested in Storage King  •  More than four years of successfully trading in the UK,  demonstrating a successful track record  Stable  6.   Property investment and  development  An inability to acquire or  develop new self storage  properties which meet  management's criteria may  impact the growth of the  portfolio.  •    14 additional development opportunities have been secured in the  pipeline in South Africa and the UK  •    UK focused development JV in place with leading UK real estate  fund manager Moorfield  •    Entered into a South African focused development JV with  Nedbank  •    Fragmented South African and UK self storage markets provide  further acquisition opportunities  •    Developed and opened three self storage properties in prime  locations in South Africa during the year, as well as acquired two  independent trading properties. Concluded three acquisitions in  the UK, comprising nine properties in total  Decreasing  7.   Valuation risk  External market factors may  lower our properties' values.  •    Independent valuations are conducted by experienced  independent, professionally qualified valuers  •    A diversified portfolio is let to a large number of tenants in South  Africa and the UK  •    Low levels of gearing provides increased flexibility and  significantly reduces the likelihood of a covenant breach  •    Self storage has traditionally been highly resilient in constrained  economic environments  •    Occupied space in our South African and UK portfolios increased  during the period  •    Conservative valuation assumptions are used  Stable  8. Human resource risk  Our people are critical to  our success. Failure to recruit  and retain employees with  appropriate skills may lead  to high employee turnover  and loss of key personnel  and, consequently, lower  performance.  •    Competitive remuneration packages and financial rewards are  offered  •    Learning and development programme with performance reviews  to develop employees to their optimal potential  •    A culture where management is accessible at all levels and  employees are encouraged to improve and challenge the status  quo  •    Ongoing communication to ensure an engaged workforce  •    A succession planning strategy, including talent retention  •    A Conditional Share Plan for high performing employees was  introduced in 2019, and includes more than 50 participants  Stable  9. Utility costs  Significant increases in utility  costs, particularly property  taxes, electricity and energy  costs, may put pressure on  operating margins.  •    Electricity and water usage is monitored monthly  •    We use external professionals to assist with monitoring and  objecting to valuation revisions where necessary  •    We make use of energy-efficient lighting and collect and reuse  rainwater for irrigation  •    Solar technology has been installed at 23 properties in South  Africa, generating an estimated 1.7 million + kWh during the year  Increasing   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT REPORT (continued)

| Key risks  Mitigators  Risk trend  (impact and  likelihood)  10. Credit risk  The Group is exposed to  tenants' credit risk, which may  result in a loss of income. This  risk may be increased due  to cost of living pressures for  consumers.  •  The majority of customers are required to pay a deposit on  move-in in South Africa  •  Our diversified tenant base reduces material credit exposure risk  •  We collected 99.4% and 99.7% of rental due in South Africa  and the UK respectively during the period  •  Clearly defined policies and procedures are in place to collect  arrear rentals  •  A central team of collection specialists in South Africa assists each  property with arrears  Increasing  11.   Cyber security and  information privacy  An increase in cyber breach  incidents as a result of the  increased adoption of a hybrid  remote working environment.  •  Daily backups are periodically restored to confirm the validity  of the backup and that there was no data corruption  •  Through a formal and regular communication plan, a culture of  awareness and best practice is promoted and reinforced across  all employee levels in the organisation  •  Internal and external users are continuously monitored to ensure  the most effective use of resources and to limit the opportunity to  breach the Group's cyber defences  •  T o stay abreast of leading best practice and to remain relevant  in the use of technology, our suppliers and our network design  are reviewed on a regular basis  •  External specialists are appointed by the board when  considered necessary  •  Migration to a cloud-based server is planned for FY23  Increasing  12.   Climate-related risks  Climate-related risks such  as increasing occurrences  of flooding and fire, tighter  regulations within the property  sector and rising public and  institutional pressure to place a  greater focus on environmental  sustainability, could negatively  impact our ability to trade, and/  or result in significant additional  capital investment.  •  Continue to successfully implement our ESG strategy and  reporting framework that was adopted in FY21  •  ESG strategy and reporting framework aligns our Vision and  Core Values with relevant UN Sustainable Development Goals  (SDGs) and takes guidance from the Task Force on Climate-  related Financial Disclosure (TCFD)  •  Self storage is the lowest intensity user of electricity and water,  and the lowest generator of greenhouse gas emissions of all  commercial property sub sectors  •  Buildings designed to minimise carbon footprint and emphasis  placed on energy efficiency, renewable energy generation,  rainwater harvesting, storm water management and conservation  •  T o mitigate the risk of flooding, our construction and planning  teams assess a wide range of climate-related risks before and  during the planning of each of our developments, as well as  during the due diligence process when reviewing acquisition  opportunities  •  Emphasis on fire safety and prevention, training each of our  operations staff on fire safety  •  In South Africa - run nationwide, same-day, same-time fire drills  across all properties, including at the head office  Increasing  13.   Unstable electricity supply  An unstable electricity supply  in South Africa will negatively  impact our ability to trade,  which may result in a loss of  income. Added to this, an  unreliable national electricity  supply may create a security risk  at our properties.  •  T o ensure a continued supply of electricity, all 55 properties in  South Africa are fitted with generators  •  In the event of an outage, power is seamlessly generated to  support key systems at our properties  •  Each generator is serviced timeously to ensure limited  mechanical faults  Increasing   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## Key risks  ## Mitigators  ## Risk trend (impact and likelihood)  ## 14. Civil unrest  A risk of rising civil unrest in South Africa due to the lack of service delivery at a municipal level, increasing unemployment and the degradation of public infrastructure. This may result in damage to our properties, as well as reduced confidence in the prospects for the South African economy. This may ultimately lead to reduced income, profitability and property investment values.  - The business is diversified across South Africa and the UK, with a greater weighting of assets by value in the UK (including interests in JVs)  - The South African portfolio is concentrated in the four largest cities  - Insurance cover is in place for our buildings, loss of revenue, and customer goods (subject to certain limitations)  - Significant security infrastructure is in place across our portfolio  - 45 of 55 properties in South Africa are third-party monitored  Increasing   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## LOOKING AHEAD

As  an  outcome  of  the  Group's  risk  management process,  we  identified  material  changes  in  the  risks affecting the business. These risks include an unstable electricity supply and potential social unrest in South Africa, while the impact of inflation and rising interest  rates  in  both  markets  also  remain  areas  of focus. While the adoption of hybrid remote working has  stabilised  to  a  degree,  we  continue  to  monitor and bolster  our  cyber  security  defences  in  both  the head office and home environments.

Ultimately,  the  directors  consider  whether  Stor-Age and  its  subsidiaries  have  adequate  resources  to continue operating for the foreseeable future.

The  Company  has  reasonably  satisfied  the  liquidity and solvency test as required by the Companies Act, 71 of 2008, as amended. The directors have further satisfied themselves that the Group and its subsidiaries are  in  a  sound  financial  position  and  have  access to  sufficient  facilities  to  meet  their  foreseeable  cash requirements.

The  board,  via  the  audit  and  risk  committee,  has considered  the  effectiveness  of  the  risk  assessment and management process and is satisfied as to the effectiveness thereof.

The  audit  committee  also  resolved  to  investigate and  consider  the  appointment  of  an  independent external assurance provider to perform internal audit work (to be approved by the audit committee) for the forthcoming financial year.

<!-- image -->

Kelly de Kock Audit and risk committee Chair 29 July 2022

<!-- image -->

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT

## PART ONE BACKGROUND STATEMENT

## INTRODUCTION

The remuneration committee ('the committee') is pleased to present the Stor-Age remuneration report for the year ended 31 March 2022. This report is aligned to best practice, taking into account King IV and the JSE Listings Requirements.

The  committee  is  responsible  for  setting  the  Group's remuneration  policy  and  principles  and  to  ensure remuneration practices are fair, responsible and transparent whilst achieving strategic objectives.

We have presented the remuneration  report  in  three parts. This background statement (Part 1) contains the chair's  statement,  providing  context  on  the  decisions and  considerations taken during the year which influenced the remuneration outcomes. Part 2 sets out our remuneration philosophy and policy and, in Part 3, we provide a description of how the policy has been implemented and disclose payments made to executive and non-executive directors during the year.

## THE YEAR IN REVIEW

Stor-Age continued its track record of consistent earnings growth to deliver strong results for the year ended 31 March 2022. It is testament to the financial strength of the Group, a relentless focus on achieving our strategic objectives  and  a  reflection  of  the  dedication  and commitment of the Stor-Age and Storage King teams.

The Group delivered a 16.6% increase in same-store net property operating income, closed the acquisition of 11 trading properties, completed three new developments in South Africa and increased the GLA in the portfolio by 56 500 m². Same-store rental income increased by 10.0% and 21.2% in South Africa and the UK respectively, driven by both occupancy gains and increases in the average rental rate, whilst samestore occupancy closed above 90.0% in both markets. Stor-Age was also ranked 30th out of the top 100 in the  inaugural  Financial  Times  (FT)  annual  ranking  of Africa's Fastest Growing Companies in May 2022.

The Group continues to execute its strategy in a disciplined manner and the pipeline of  new opportunities  (14  properties  across  South  Africa  and the UK, four of which are already in progress with our JV partners) provides an excellent platform to continue our  growth  trajectory  in  line  with  a  clearly  defined vision.  Despite  some  of  the  most  challenging  trading conditions  over  the  last  two  years,  the  results  for FY22 are a continuation of the strong and consistent performance  of  the  business  since  listing  and  the Group continues to deliver real and sustainable growth to shareholders.

Since listing, the property portfolio has grown significantly  from  R1.4  billion  in  November  2015 to over R10  billion (including properties held in joint  ventures)  at  31  March  2022.  With  Stor-Age's successful  entry  into  the  UK  self  storage  market  in 2017, the scale and complexity of the business has also increased significantly over this period.

Much  of  Stor-Age's  success  can  be  attributed  to  its sector specialisation and its ability to attract, retain and motivate the entrepreneurial talent required to achieve positive strategic and operational outcomes. Critical to this  is  the  development  of  talent  and  skills  within  the organisation  which  has  been  cultivated  over  many years  and,  for  certain  individuals,  over  more  than  a decade.  Our  approach  to  remuneration,  focusing on  competitive,  fair  and  market-related  remuneration policies  will  play  an  important  role  in  incentivising employees who are critical to achieving our long-term goals and aspirations.

## FOCUS AREAS DURING THE YEAR

During the year, the committee:

-  Reviewed the current remuneration policy, structures and mix of the executive directors;
-  Carefully considered shareholder feedback after the 2021 AGM and responded as necessary;
-  Reviewed  the  FY22  remuneration  outcomes  in  the context of the overall performance of the business;
-  Reviewed  and  approved  the  short-term  incentive ('STI') payments to the executive directors for FY22;
-  Reviewed  and  approved  the  vesting  of  the  FY19 and FY20 long-term incentive ('LTI') awards to the executive  directors  in  respect  of  the  performance period ending 31 March 2022 (subject to satisfying the employment condition);
-  Approved the allocation of LTI awards to participants;
-  Amended  the  performance  conditions  of  the  LTI awards granted during the year taking into consideration feedback received from shareholders on the 2021 remuneration report;

-  Approved the STI performance measures for FY23;
-  Appointed PwC to conduct external benchmarking exercises  of  executive  and  non-executive  director remuneration;
-  Reviewed executive directors' total remuneration and approved salary increases after considering Group and individual performance;
-  Reviewed non-executive director remuneration (to be approved by shareholders) with the assistance of the executive directors;
-  Proposed amendments  to  non-executive director remuneration for FY23 based on the results of the external benchmarking exercise; and
-  Reviewed  and  approved  the  2022  remuneration report.

## FEEDBACK FROM 2021 ENGAGEMENT

At the AGM held in 2021 our remuneration policy achieved a non-binding advisory vote of 84.1% in its favour whilst the remuneration implementation report received a vote of 75.8% in its favour.

Below is a summary of the feedback received on the 2021 report following our engagement with shareholders:

| Feedback  Response  The minimum shareholder requirement for executive directors of  100% of total guaranteed pay is too low.  The  minimum  shareholder  requirement  has  been increased to 200%.  A  total  return  metric  is  a  more  appropriate  LTI  performance  measure instead of separate DPS and NAV metrics. As several  REITs  have  reduced  their  payout  ratio  or  amended  their  distribution policy, a comparison against SAPY or a peer group  is not an accurate reflection of performance.  The LTI performance measures for the FY22  award were amended to include total return  metrics.  ESG metrics should be given greater prominence, and be more  clearly defined, in the LTI performance measures.  This  was  addressed  in  the  performance  measures set for the FY22 award.  The  rationale  for  the  discretionary  incentive  awarded  to  the  executive  directors  and  the  performance  metrics  to  assess  the  award was not clearly defined.  The  committee  noted  the  comment  but  is  of  the  view  that  the  rationale  (including  salary  sacrifices  made  by  the  executive  directors  and  the  deferral  of  an  STI  plan)  and  performance  of  the  executives  was  sufficiently explained. A formal STI plan was  introduced for FY22.  Management  should  not  be  incentivised  to  maintain  LTV  at  below  30%  as  well  managed  gearing  is  one  of  the  main  reasons property is able to generate attractive returns (30-35%  is a reasonable level of gearing on a 45-50% LTV covenant).  An  acceptable  LTV  policy  should  be  set  by  the  board  and  management should not be rewarded for achieving LTV targets  (unless in exceptional circumstances).  The  committee  noted  the  comments  but  is  of  the  view  that  the  LTV  measure  serves  as  an  important  balance  to  achieving  growth  without  excessive  gearing  and  managing  the  business  with  a  more  conservative  capital structure.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We continue to integrate ESG principles throughout the business and sustainability remains at the forefront of our strategic objectives. The performance conditions for  the  FY22  LTI  awards  were  amended  to  include specific  and  measurable  ESG  performance  metrics in  line  with  this  focus  and  considering  shareholder feedback on the 2021 remuneration report.

The committee used the services of PwC to assist with conducting external benchmarking exercises for both executive and non-executive directors, details of which are set out in Part 2 of this report. The committee is satisfied that PwC were independent and objective.

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

## FOCUS AREAS FOR THE YEAR AHEAD

In FY22 considerable progress was made in addressing the remuneration of the executive directors  which,  since  listing  in  2015,  had  been very  low  in  comparison  to  the  REIT  sector.  In  a similar vein, non-executive director remuneration has also  been  significantly  below  market  compared  to peer companies. This was confirmed in an external benchmarking exercise performed by PwC during the year  which  indicated  that  remuneration  for  all  roles was significantly below the median of the comparator group. In light of this, adjustments have been proposed to the FY23 remuneration (to be approved by  shareholders  at  the  2022  AGM)  to  ensure  that non-executive remuneration is market-related and appropriate  to  attract  and  retain  high  calibre  and experienced individuals given of the significant growth of the Company over the last five years.

## CONCLUSION

Overall,  the  Group  delivered  a  strong  performance in FY22 and continued to deliver sustainable growth. The committee  is satisfied that the remuneration outcomes for the year are appropriate in the context of the overall performance of the business.

In line with King IV, Stor-Age will table the remuneration policy  and  implementation  report  for  two  separate non-binding  advisory  votes  at  the  2022  AGM.  If shareholders do not approve both by more than 75%, the board will institute a formal engagement process with interested shareholders to assess their views and determine the actions needed to resolve concerns.

The  committee  is satisfied that it fulfilled all its objectives  in  line  with  its  terms  of  reference  for  the year under review. We are committed to maintaining a  strong  relationship  with  our  shareholders,  built on  trust  and  transparency,  whilst  ensuring  that  our approach to remuneration is fair in all respects and that reward and  performance are appropriately aligned.  We  welcome  any  comments  or  concerns shareholders  may  have  regarding  the  remuneration policy and implementation report. Please direct any  comments  or  queries  prior  to  the  AGM  in writing  to  the  company  secretary,  Henry  Steyn,  at henry.steyn@stor-age.co.za.

We  look  forward  to  receiving  your support  on the resolutions for both the remuneration policy and implementation report at the AGM on 1 September  2022.

<!-- image -->

## Mntungwa Morojele

Remuneration committee Chair 29 July 2022

<!-- image -->

## PART TWO THE REMUNERATION POLICY 2

This remuneration policy is subject to an advisory  vote  by  shareholders  at  the AGM to be held on 1 September 2022.

## REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE

The committee was appointed by the board and has delegated  authority  to  review  and  make  decisions in  respect  of  Stor-Age's  remuneration  policy  and  the implementation thereof. The committee is governed by its terms of reference as formally adopted by the board. Its responsibilities are to:

-    Oversee the board's formulation, review and approval of the remuneration policy for employees and  executive directors in line with Stor-Age's strategic objectives;
-  Assist the board to ensure that executive directors are remunerated fairly and responsibly and in line with remuneration for employees throughout Stor-Age;
-  Ensure  that  the  mix  of  fixed  and  variable  pay  in cash, shares and other elements meets the Company's needs and strategic objectives;
-  Consider  and  approve  the  short  and  long-term incentive allocations (CSP awards) for the executive directors and other staff;
-  Approve  the  executive  directors'  basic  salary  and increases thereto, as well as approving the increases for employees throughout Stor-Age;
-  Reviewing the accuracy of the performance measure calculations in respect of the vesting of STI and LTI awards;
-  Evaluate the performance of the executive directors in determining remuneration;
-  Approve  remuneration  payable  to  non-executive directors in their respective roles as members of the board and its subcommittees;
-  Oversee the preparation of the remuneration report to  ensure  that  it  is  clear,  concise  and  transparent; and
-  Ensure that the remuneration policy and implementation  report  be  put  to  two  non-binding advisory  votes  by  shareholders  and  engage  with shareholders and other stakeholders on the Company's remuneration philosophy.

The committee members are listed on page 74 and their meeting attendance on page 76. The executive directors, other board members, external consultants and key individuals may attend committee meetings by  invitation  and  contribute  to  remuneration-related matters. However, they may not vote on any matters. The  committee  chair  reports  to  the  board  following each meeting of the committee.

## REMUNERATION PHILOSOPHY

Stor-Age's  remuneration  policy  seeks  to  attract  and retain high-calibre and appropriately skilled employees and executive directors.  Stor-Age's  philosophy  is  that employees should be fairly remunerated and rewarded for their contribution. An integral part of this philosophy is  to  align  the  interests  of  employees  with  those  of Stor-Age's shareholders by providing meaningful equity  participation.  The  Company  believes  that  its remuneration policy plays a critical role in achieving its strategic objectives and that it should be competitive in the market in which it operates.

## EXECUTIVES' REMUNERATION STRUCTURE

The  committee  and  the  board  regularly  review  the appropriate  remuneration  mix  to  ensure  it  supports Stor-Age's  strategic  objectives  taking  into  account market trends and competitiveness.

Stor-Age typically benchmarks its executive directors' remuneration  to  peer  companies  every  three  years to  ensure  that  the  Company's  remuneration  policy, compensation  packages  and  pay  mix  are  marketrelated, competitive and appropriate.

During  the  year,  the  committee  appointed  PwC  to perform  an  external  benchmarking  exercise  based on  a  total  reward  basis  (i.e.  including  the  basic salary,  STI  and  LTI).  In  line  with  best  practice,  PwC performed  its  analysis  with  a  comparator  group  of 12 JSE-listed REITs 1 .  The results of the benchmarking analysis indicated that the average executive director remuneration  of  Stor-Age,  on  a  total  reward  basis, was  between  the  50th  and  75th  percentile  of  the comparator group. Whilst the benchmarking exercise provided useful insight to the committee in assessing Stor-Age's  remuneration  structure,  the  self  storage business model is highly specialised and not directly comparable to the REITs included in the comparator group, the majority of which are more generalist and diversified  in  nature  with  exposure  to  office,  retail and  industrial  assets.  Stor-Age  has  also  consistently

1 Arrowhead, Accelerate, Dipula, Liberty Two Degrees, Emira, Attacq, SA Corporate, Hyprop, Vukile, Equites, Fortress, Resilient.

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

created shareholder value by delivering income and capital  growth,  outperforming  the  SAPY  index, since  its  listing.  Taking  account  of  the  results  of  the benchmarking exercise, and the performance of the executive directors, the committee is satisfied that the remuneration  structure  for  the  executive  directors  is appropriate.

## Basic salary (guaranteed pay)

Purpose and link to strategy: To attract and retain the best talent and compensate the executive directors at a  market-related  salary  taking  account  of  individual performance and contribution. It aligns with business strategy as it ensures that salaries are competitive and

## Short-term incentive ('STI')

Purpose and link to strategy: To motivate and incentivise performance (both financial and strategic) consistent with the Group's strategy over a 12-month operating cycle.

It  encourages sustainable growth in earnings and return on capital for shareholders whilst maintaining a strong financial  position,  combined  with  strategic  and  sustainability  metrics,  to  ensure  well-balanced  KPIs.  It  rewards executive directors for their measurable contribution.

<!-- image -->

The STI is set and measured annually, coinciding with the financial year end, and is conditional upon meeting set performance targets and strategic objectives as approved by the committee. This methodology aligns behaviour with stakeholders' interests. The on-target allocation is based on 100% of guaranteed pay.

The performance conditions are realistically set with an appropriate element of stretch performance and are weighted between financial performance KPIs (70%) and strategic objectives (30%).

Each  financial  KPI  has  an  accompanying  threshold,  on-target  and  stretch  measure.  The  strategic  objectives are not measured on a threshold, target and stretch basis. Instead an overall assessment is completed with a maximum allocation of 100%.

The maximum STI that can be paid is capped at 125% of guaranteed pay and is payable annually in cash after being approved by the committee post the release of the audited financial statements. The recipient must be in service on the date of payment. Malus and clawback provisions, as set out on page 100, are applicable to the award.

that  individuals  are  fairly  rewarded  for  achieving  the Group's strategic objectives based on their experience and roles in the business.

The  basic  salary  is  a  pre-determined  cash  amount without any further benefits. The amounts paid to the executive directors is set out in note 29.4 of the annual financial  statements.  The  basic  salary  is  reviewed annually  based  on  the  Company's  performance  in the  previous  financial  year,  individual  performance, inflation,  affordability,  benchmarking  exercises  and market surveys (if deemed necessary). Increases in the basic  salary  for  the  executive  directors  are  effective from  the  commencement  of  the  financial  year  once approved by the committee.

## Financial performance conditions (70% weighting)

| Measure  Weighting  Hurdle level  Threshold  (75% payout)  Target  (100% payout)  Stretch  (150% payout)  1.  Distribution growth per share¹  25.0%  3.0%  4.0%  5.0%  2.  Same-store net operating income growth  25.0%  5.0%  6.5%  8.0%  3.  Total return to equal or exceed internal  benchmark²  25.0%  10.0%  11.5%  13.0%  4.  Loan to value ratio  25.0%  35 - 40%  30 - 35%  &lt; 30.0%  Total  100.0%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. Assuming a 100% payout ratio.
2. Calculated as DPS for the year plus increase in tangible net asset value (TNAV) per share as a percentage of TNAV at start of the year. TNAV to exclude the impact of deferred tax assets/liabilities.

<!-- image -->

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

## Strategic objectives (30% weighting)

| Measure  KPIs  Weighting  1.  Portfolio management and expansion  opportunities  Acquire at least two new development sites  or acquisition opportunities in line with the  Group's property strategy and long-term  plans which meet the investment committee's  approved criteria  20.0%  2.  Strong and flexible capital structure  Ensure the financial flexibility exists to pursue  acquisition and development opportunities  Maintain a conservative gearing ratio in line  with the board's policy  20.0%  3.  Operational excellence  Improve the performance of our staff through  learning and development, engagement and  upskilling to drive increased profitability  Implement the digital strategy to increase  enquiries, enhance the customer experience,  and achieve economies of scale in our  marketing spend  Execute on the digitalisation of the business  to enable, improve and transform business  operations, functions and processes by  leveraging technology  20.0%  4.  Display leadership behaviour in  accordance with the Company's  Core Values  Ensure fully committed and motivated team  Maintain minimal staff turnover  Adherence to Company's Core Values  20.0%  5.  Improve the Group's ESG initiatives in  order to deliver real value to all our  stakeholders  Deliver on the Group's transformation strategy  Invest in renewable energy and pursue  initiatives to reduce carbon intensity  Support charities and NPOs and be active  in less fortunate and underprivileged  communities  Align sustainability reporting with appropriate  frameworks  20.0%  Total  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Long-term incentive ('LTI')

Purpose and link to strategy: To attract, retain, motivate and incentivise the delivery of long-term and sustainable performance through the award of conditional shares, the vesting of which is subject to continued employment over the vesting period.

The CSP is an equity-settled LTI plan which will provide employees with the opportunity to be awarded shares in the form of a conditional right to acquire shares in Stor-Age. Participants can share in the success of the Company and will be incentivised to deliver on the business strategy of Stor-Age over the long-term and create long-term shareholder  value.  This  will  provide  direct  alignment  between  the  participants  -  executive  directors  and  key employees - and shareholders.

## The salient features of the CSP are set out below:

| Participants  All  permanent  employees  are  eligible  to  participate,  subject  to  the  discretion  of  the  committee.  Although  principally  intended  for  senior  management  and  executives,  participants will also include operations managers at a property level and staff at a  mid-management level who are integral to the Company's growth.  To  be  considered  for  participation,  an  employee  must  have  been  employed  by  the  Company for a minimum of 12 months (unless exceptional circumstances apply) and  have achieved an above-average performance rating as part of the annual performance  appraisal process.  Award components  Performance shares - vesting subject to the satisfaction of performance conditions and  continued employment for the vesting period; and  Retention shares - vesting subject to the satisfaction of continued employment for the  vesting period (cannot exceed 25% of the total award).  Although  the  CSP  allows  for  the  award  of  retention  shares,  based  on  shareholder  feedback received on the 2019 remuneration report, future awards will only comprise  performance shares.  Plan limits  The  overall  limit  is  8,668,544  million  shares  (1.8%  of  shares  in  issue).  The  current  usage level is equal to 1.5% of shares in issue and 81.3% of the approved capacity.  The  maximum  number  of  shares  which  may  be  settled  to  any  single  participant  is  3,467,417 (approximately 1.0% of shares in issue at the date of approval of the CSP  by shareholders).  An annual limit of 0.5% of shares in issue will apply to the awards made in any one  period. This limit will be reviewed, and adjusted if necessary, by the committee on an  annual basis.  Allocation policy  The committee will approve annual awards for participants based on each participant's  total guaranteed pay ('TGP') using the following guidelines:  Executive directors  Up to 2 x TGP  Executive management  100 - 150%  Senior management  60 - 70%  Mid-level management  40 - 60%  Other staff  20 - 40%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

## The salient features of the CSP are set out below:

| Performance  conditions  Performance conditions include financial measures (75%) and non-financial measures  (25%).  Vesting  Awards will vest after three years subject to performance conditions being achieved  and the participant remaining employed by Stor-Age for the duration of the employment  period. The performance period will run concurrently with the Company's financial year  end. The portion of the performance shares that will vest at each vesting date will be  as follows:  •  Threshold achievement of performance (the minimum level of performance for vesting of  any incentive) - 50% vesting  •  Target achievement of performance (the level of performance for payment of an on-  target incentive) - 100% vesting  •  Stretch (a level of performance representing exceptional performance in the context of  the current business environment) - 150% vesting  Malus and  clawback  Awards are subject to the Company's malus and clawback policy. Malus provisions  apply before awards or remuneration have vested or have been paid to an employee,  while clawback provisions apply to awards or remuneration that have already vested  or been paid to an employee. Further details of the Company's malus and clawback  policy are set out on page 100.  Termination of  employment  Awards are subject  to  continued  employment  which  means  participants  must  remain  employed until the vesting date of the award. If participants leave before the expiry  of the employment period, they may lose all or part of the award depending on the  circumstances in which they leave. They will either forfeit the award in full ('bad leavers'),  e.g. dismissal or resignation), or their awards will be pro-rated ('good leavers', e.g.  retrenchment, retirement, or termination due to ill-health, disability or death). In the case  of good leavers, a pro-rata portion of the participant's unvested award shall vest early  on date of termination of employment based on the committee's determination of whether  the performance conditions (if any) have been met.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## LTI AMENDMENTS

In determining the performance conditions for the FY22 LTI award and considering feedback from shareholders on  the  2021  remuneration  report  as  set  out  in  the  background  statement,  the  committee  amended  certain performance measures applicable to the LTI award granted during the year.

The performance measures for the FY21 awards included: 1. DPS growth relative to the performance of the SAPY; and 2. Growth in tangible NAV per share against a set target. In the shareholder engagement process on the 2021 remuneration report, the following points were noted:

-  DPS metrics are more appropriate for short-term performance measures
-  With several REITs reducing their payout ratio or amending their distribution policy, a comparison against SAPY or a peer group is not an accurate reflection of the performance of the executive directors
-  A total return metric taking account of both distribution and NAV growth per share is more appropriate for the LTI award

It  was also suggested that given the prominence of ESG, the performance conditions should include specific and clearly defined ESG metrics. The ESG performance conditions were separated into two specific targets comprising 10% of the LTI award.

The committee also simplified the non-financial measures to six measures (previously 10 for each director).

The LTI awards granted to the executive directors in FY22 are subject to the performance conditions set out below which are to be measured over the three-year period 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2024:

## Financial measures - 75% weighting

| Performance Condition  Weighting  Hurdle level  Threshold  (50% vesting)  Target  (100% vesting)  Stretch  (150% vesting)  Total return to exceed WACC  20.0%  Total return to be  equal to WACC  over a three-year  period  Total return to  exceed WACC  by 10% over a  three-year period  Total return to  exceed WACC  by 15% over a  three-year period  Total return to be equal to, or  exceed, a specified internal  benchmark  20.0%  Total return to  be equal to, or  exceed, 10%  over a three-year  period  Total return to  be equal to, or  exceed, 11.5%  over a three-year  period  Total return to  be equal to, or  exceed, 13.0%  over a three-year  period  Same-store net operating  income growth over three years  (annualised average growth)  20.0%  5.0%  6.5%  8.0%  Loan to value ratio  15.0%  35% - 40%  30% - 35%  Less than 30%  Total  100.0%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

ESG measures -10% weighting

| Performance Conditions  Weighting  Rating  Threshold  (50% vesting)  Target  (100% vesting)  Stretch  (150% vesting)  B-BBEE rating improvement  5.0%  Maintain  compliant status  Improve rating by  one level  Attain B-BBEE  level 4 status  New solar projects completed  5.0%  Complete 9 new  solar PV projects  over a three-year  period  Complete 12  new solar PV  projects over a  three-year period  Complete 15  new solar PV  projects over a  three-year period  Total  10.0%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

Non-financial measures - 15% weighting

| Performance conditions  KPIs  Weighting  1.  Determining strategy and providing  strategic guidance throughout the Group in  accordance with the Company's five-year  strategic plan  Achievement of pre-defined strategic  objectives  Grow property portfolio in accordance with  strict investment criteria  25.0%  2.  Implementing international expansion  strategy in accordance with the five-year  strategic plan  Growth in UK property portfolio  Implementation of Management 1 st  and  Digital First strategy  Develop Moorfield JV relationships and any  other JV relationships that may arise during  the performance period  25.0%  3.  Identifying suitable investment and  development opportunities and executing  in accordance with the property strategy  Identify, negotiate and close acquisition  opportunities in accordance with strict  investment criteria  Leading due diligence on transactions  Implementing acquisitions seamlessly  Managing development projects on time and  within budget  25.0%  4.  Implementing the Group's operations  strategy including the development and  execution of the digital and technology  strategy  Occupancy and rental rate growth  Management of arrears  Improving expense ratios/cost control  Integrate technology solutions in operations  processes and further the digitalisation of the  business  25.0%  5.  Managing the Group's capital structure  and resources in a responsible and  effective manner to enhance shareholder  return by deploying capital prudently and  optimising the cost of debt  Maintain conservative LTV within target  Extend debt profile, refinance maturing  facilities, ongoing negotiation with lenders  Minimise funding costs  Implement currency hedging strategy  25.0%  6.  Displaying leadership behaviour in  accordance with the Company's Core  Values  Ensuring fully committed and motivated team  Maintain minimal staff turnover  Adherence to Company's Core Values  Adherence to risk management framework  Promote core principles of fairness,  accountability, responsibility and transparency  25.0%  Maximum score x 15% weighting  150%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION PAY MIX AND REWARD SCENARIOS

The remuneration mix of the executive directors is balanced between TGP (comprising a basic salary only), STI and LTI. To encourage retention and align the executives' interests with shareholders, variable pay is weighted more heavily with respect to STI and LTI.

The illustration below sets out the potential remuneration which can be earned at minimum, on-target and stretch reward scenarios in FY23.

<!-- image -->

| Minimum reward scenario  On-target reward scenario  Stretch reward scenario  None of the financial performance  conditions and strategic objectives  for the STI are achieved  Performance  conditions  (financial,  ESG and non-financial) for the CSP  awards are not achieved  Achieve  100%  of  the  financial  performance  conditions  and  full  achievement  of  the  strategic  objectives for the STI  Performance  conditions  (financial,  ESG and non-financial) for the CSP  awards  are  achieved  at  the  on-  target level  Achieve performance up to 150%  of  the  financial  performance  conditions  and  100%  of  the  strategic objectives for the STI  Maximum achievement at 150% of  performance  conditions  (financial,  ESG and non-financial) for the CSP  awards is attained   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The STI is formula-driven and based on achieving financial performance conditions and delivering on strategic objectives.  The  LTI  (CSP  awards)  is  granted  at  the  committee's  discretion  with  vesting  subject  to  achieving financial, ESG and non-financial performance conditions. The above scenarios assume the CSP awards are made at 150% of guaranteed pay.

The on-target LTI forms 43% of the remuneration mix. On-target variable pay (STI and LTI) comprises 67% of the total remuneration. At a stretch, the variable pay comprises 78% of the total remuneration.

As the original founders of the business, the executive directors operate on a 'flat-structure' basis with many overlapping  responsibilities.  Consequently,  there  is  no  differentiation  between  the  various  executives  and therefore only a single scenario analysis is set out above.

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

## ALL EMPLOYEE REMUNERATION

All  employees  receive  a  basic  salary  at  a  level appropriate for their role and responsibilities. Stor-Age  regularly  reviews  the  basic  salary  of  all employees to ensure it remains market-related.

Employee  salaries  are  reviewed  annually  taking account of individual and overall Company performance, as well as an employee's experience, qualifications, responsibilities and a consideration of market-related salaries.

Store-based and operations employees are rewarded with incentives in addition to their basic salaries. This is  based  on  performance  relative  to  achieving  predefined targets such as move-ins, occupancy growth and  cash  collections.  Other  permanent  employees may receive a component of variable remuneration dependent  on  their  respective  employment  grade and individual performance and may participate in the CSP at the committee's discretion.

Employees are provided with other benefits including a medical aid subsidy for those joining the Company's group scheme and matching Company contributions (subject to an annual limit) to retirement funding.  The  Company  also  contributes  to  a  life cover policy for our lower income earners and, on a  discretionary  basis,  provides  financial  assistance in  the  form  of  bursaries  or  interest  free  loans  to deserving employees seeking to further their studies or obtain additional qualifications. In FY22 bursaries amounting to R191 000 were paid.

## FAIR AND RESPONSIBLE REMUNERATION

Stor-Age  is  committed  to  fair  and  responsible  pay practices in line with its duty to remain a responsible corporate  citizen. Various factors are taken into account when considering fair and responsible pay  practices,  such  as  sustainability  and  Stor-Age's strategic  objectives.  Our  lower  salaried  employees are typically granted a higher annual salary increase relative  to  higher  income  earners  in  the  Company. The Company contributes to a life and funeral cover policy  for  our  lower  income  earners  and  provides financial assistance in the form of interest free loans in emergency and unforeseen circumstances.

Internal  pay  levels  are  reviewed  on  an  ongoing basis to ensure alignment with the principle of equal pay for work of equal value to identify and correct anomalies  or  income  differentials.  The  committee is  also  mandated  to  ensure  that  executive  director remuneration is justifiable against remuneration levels of employees throughout the Company.

The executive directors and committee support broad based  equity participation by  employees  in  the Company.  In  addition  to  the  executive  directors,  a further 51 employees received CSP awards in FY22.

## SERVICE AGREEMENTS, RETENTION STRATEGY AND TERMINATION ARRANGEMENTS

The  executive  directors  are  permanent  employees and their employment contracts include a two-month notice period, with no restraints of trade. There are no contractual obligations to the executive directors in respect of separation or termination payments.

## MINIMUM SHAREHOLDING REQUIREMENTS ('MSR')

The MSR for executive directors' is equivalent to 200% of  their  TGP .  This  demonstrates  their  commitment  to long-term growth and encourages alignment between management and shareholders. All executives met the MSR during the year. At 31 March 2022, the executive directors collectively held 24.325 million shares in the Company (R359.5 million in value). Further details of the directors' shareholdings are set out in note 29.3 of the annual financial statements.

## MALUS AND CLAWBACK POLICY

The committee has adopted a remuneration malus and clawback policy, approved by the board, with a view to  aligning  shareholder  interests  and  remuneration outcomes. It allows the Company to reduce or recoup remuneration  or  awards  in  defined  circumstances such  as  financial  misstatement,  gross  negligence, misconduct or fraud.

Malus provisions apply before awards or remuneration have vested or have been paid to an employee, while clawback provisions apply to awards or remuneration that have already vested or been paid to an employee. The clawback period will run for three years from the vesting date of the awards.

The policy sets out the circumstances where the board, following the advice of the committee, may:

-  apply its discretion to adjust the value of an unvested award  downwards  (to  zero  if  required)  or  cancel unvested awards; or
-  pursue remedies to clawback any awards or remuneration that have already vested or been paid to  ensure  remuneration outcomes are fair, appropriate and reflect business performance.

All  participants  who  have  accepted  CSP  awards agree to be bound by the malus and clawback policy and further agree that all remuneration received from the Company will be subject to this policy.

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

Non-executive  directors  do  not  hold  contracts  of employment with Stor-Age and do not participate in any short-term  or  long-term  incentives.  Remuneration for non-executive directors comprises an annual retainer  paid  monthly,  with  an  expectation  of  a certain number of meetings per annum. Disbursements for  reasonable  travel  and  subsistence  expenses  are reimbursed to non-executive directors in line with the reimbursement policy for employees.

Remuneration for non-executive directors is reviewed on  an  annual  basis  considering  the  responsibilities borne by non-executive directors, as well as relevant external  market  data.  The  committee  recommends the non-executive directors' remuneration structure to the board for approval. This remuneration structure is further recommended to shareholders for approval at the AGM.

The  non-executive  director  remuneration  for  FY21 was  approved  at  the  2019  AGM.  In  light  of  the uncertainty arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, the non-executive directors agreed to waive the approved increases for FY21 and were remunerated at the same levels as FY20.

The FY22 remuneration was approved at the 2020 AGM.  The  proposed  increases for FY22  were incorrectly  based  off  the  adjusted  (i.e.  lower  than approved)  remuneration  for  FY21  instead  of  the actual  approved  remuneration  for  FY21.  This  was an oversight which resulted in the FY22 remuneration being less than the FY21 approved remuneration.

As indicated in the background statement, the committee engaged PwC during the year to perform a benchmarking exercise of Stor-Age's non-executive directors' remuneration. With the expansion into the UK in  2017,  the  growth  in  the  investment  property portfolio from R1.4 billion in 2015 to over R10 billion in 2022, and the joint ventures with Moorfield and Nedbank,  the  business  has  become  significantly more  complex  in  respect  of  capital  allocation  to new acquisition and development opportunities and compliance.

Since listing in 2015, non-executive director remuneration  has  been  very  low  and  significantly below market compared to peer companies with only nominal increases being applied annually. The results of the benchmarking exercise were as expected and confirmed that the non-executive director remuneration for  all  roles  was  significantly  below  the  median  of the comparator group (same companies as set out on page 91).

The  table  below  provides  an  overview  of  StorAge's  non-executive  director  remuneration  for  FY22 compared to the comparator group:

| Median  R  Stor-Age  R  Difference  Role  Board chair  781 741  323 500  (59)%  Board member  335 216  219 500  (35)%  Audit and risk committee chair  163 500  62 400  (62)%  Audit and risk committee member  124 000  52 000  (58)%  Social and ethics committee chair  87 787  26 000  (70)%  Social and ethics committee member  62 650  26 000  (58)%  Remuneration committee chair  102 419  26 000  (75)%  Remuneration committee member  71 936  26 000  (64)%  Investment committee chair  109 000  31 200  (71)%  Investment committee member  87 000  31 200  (64)%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

The PwC benchmarking report was prepared in October 2021 based on publicly available information for the comparator group. Although the FY23 fees were approved at the 2021 AGM, the committee proposes that an adjustment be made to the FY23 non-executive director remuneration as set out within the notice of the AGM to be held on 1 September 2022 as set out below:

| Approved  remuneration  31 March 2023¹  R  Adjusted  remuneration  31 March 2023²  R  Role  Board chair  323 500  800 000  Board member  219 500  300 000  Audit and risk committee chair  62 400  195 000  Audit and risk committee member  52 000  130 000  Social and ethics committee chair  26 000  90 000  Social and ethics committee member  26 000  60 000  Remuneration committee chair  26 000  90 000  Remuneration committee member  26 000  60 000  Investment committee chair  31 200  na³  Investment committee member  31 200  120 000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In determining the proposed adjusted remuneration for FY23, the committee considered the results of the PwC benchmarking report as well as subsequent disclosures of non-executive director remuneration for the comparator group. No distinction is made between the committee chair and members for the social and ethics committee and  the  remuneration  committee.  The  higher  fee  for  the  investment  committee  takes  into  consideration  the additional meetings compared to the other two committees.

In line with best practice, the committee proposes that the board chair receive a fixed annual fee that is inclusive of all attendances at board and subcommittee meetings as well as other tasks performed on behalf of the Group.

The committee is also proposing at the AGM that shareholders approve a mechanism to mandate the board to make payment of additional remuneration by way of an hourly fee of R3 000 to any non-executive director in  respect  of  work  performed on special projects or ad hoc assignments above what would be reasonably expected, provided that payment in respect of such additional work is approved by the committee.

1 Approved at the 2021 AGM.

2 Proposed adjustment to remuneration to be approved by shareholders at the forthcoming AGM.

3 The investment committee chair is Graham Blackshaw who is also the board chair. It is proposed the board chair receive a fixed annual fee that is inclusive of all attendances at subcommittee meetings. Consequently no fee for the investment committee chair is disclosed.

<!-- image -->

## PART THREE THE IMPLEMENTATION REPORT

This implementation report is subject to an advisory vote by shareholders at the AGM to be held on 1 September 2022.

## BASIC SALARY

The  committee  recognises  the  importance  of  ensuring that  executive  remuneration  is  fair,  competitive  and market-related and remains committed to ensuring that executive  remuneration  is  reflective  of  the  roles  and responsibilities performed.

## FY22 adjustment

Since listing  in  2015,  Stor-Age  provided its  executive directors with a very low basic salary. The remuneration philosophy reflected the executive directors' commitment to the long-term success of the business and, to a large extent,  their  desire  to  prove  the  sustainability  of  the business model in the initial years post the listing. The executive directors have consistently executed Stor-Age's growth  strategy  with  considerable  success  and  have overseen  significant  organic  and  acquisitive  growth since 2015.

An external benchmarking exercise performed in FY19 by PwC indicated that the  executive  director  remuneration was considerably lower than its peers in the listed REIT sector.  The  committee  resolved  to  adopt  a  catch-up approach over the next three successive financial years

(FY20 to FY22) to achieve a more market-related salary for the executive directors by FY22. With the onset of the  COVID-19  pandemic,  and  taking  account  of  the significant levels of uncertainty at the time, the committee accepted a recommendation proposed by the executive directors  that  no  increase  be  applied  to  their  basic salary for FY21. Thus the basic salary for each executive director remained at R2.0 million for FY21.

As the original founders of the business, the executive directors  operate  on  a  'flat-structure'  basis  with  many overlapping responsibilities. After careful consideration, and  having  benchmarked  market-related  remuneration packages  of  comparable  companies  within  the  listed REIT sector, the committee approved a basic salary of R3.0 million for each executive director for FY22.

## FY23 adjustment

An increase of 6.7% to R3.2 million was approved for each executive director for FY23.

Employee  salaries  are  reviewed  annually  in  March taking  account  of  individual  and  overall  Company performance,  as  well  as  an  employee's  experience, qualifications and responsibilities.

Employees  in  South  Africa  (excluding  lower-income earners) received an average salary increase of 7.1% (effective  1  April  2022)  with  lower-income  earners receiving an average increase of 8.3%. In the UK, the average salary increase (effective 1 April 2022) was 4.5%.

In line with Stor-Age's commitment to fair and responsible remuneration,  the  committee  carefully  considered  the increase for other levels throughout the Company and they are satisfied that it is in line with Stor-Age's policy.

<!-- image -->

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION

In  line  with  the  requirements  of  King  IV  and  the  JSE  Listings  Requirements,  the  table  below  sets  out  the  total remuneration on a single-figure basis received by executive directors in 2022 and 2021:

| Basic salary  R'000  STI  R'000  Value of  FY19 LTI  R'000  Value of LTI  FY20 LTI  R'000  Total  R'000  ## 31 March 2022  GM Lucas  3 000  1 500  2 595  4 725  11 820  SJ Horton  3 000  1 500  2 595  4 725  11 820  SC Lucas  3 000  1 500  2 595  4 725  11 820  Total  6 000  4 500  7 785  14 175  35 460   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The performance period for the FY19 and FY20 LTI awards ended on 31 March 2022 and will vest on or after 1 September 2022 (subject to the employment condition). For the purpose of the single-figure disclosure, the estimated value of the awards have been included in the table above.

| Basic salary  R'000  STI  R'000  Value of LTI  vested  R'000  Total  R'000  ## 31 March 2021  GM Lucas  2 000  700  -  2 700  SJ Horton  2 000  700  -  2 700  SC Lucas  2 000  700  -  2 700  Total  6 000  2 100  -  8 100   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No other remuneration or benefits were paid to executives during the year. No LTI awards vested in FY21 .

## SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE

STI  awards  are  conditional  upon  meeting  set  performance  objectives  and  targets  (financial  and  strategic)  as approved by the board. The performance conditions for FY22 and the outcomes are set out below:

Financial performance conditions and outcomes (70% weighting)

| Measure  Weighting  Threshold  (75%  payout)  Target  (100%  payout)  Stretch  (150%  payout)  Actual  performance  Result  1.  Distribution growth per  share  25.0%  3.0%  4.0%  5.0%  5.5%  37.5%  2.  Same-store net operating  income growth  25.0%  3.5%  5.0%  6.5%  19.6%  37.5%  3.  Total return to equal  or exceed internal  benchmark  25.0%  8.0%  10.0%  12.0%  16.4%  37.5%  4.  Loan to value ratio  25.0%  35 - 40%  30 - 35%  &lt; 30.0%  27.9%  37.5%  Total  100.0%  150.0%  Final outcome (Result x 70% weighting)  112.5%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Strategic objectives and outcomes (30% weighting)

| Strategic objective  KPIs  Weighting  Result  1.  Portfolio management and  expansion opportunities  Acquire at least two new development sites  or acquisition opportunities in line with the  Group's property strategy and long-term  plans which meet the investment committee's  approved criteria  20.0%  20.0%  ## Assessment  UK: Acquired Blackpool and McCarthy's Storage World portfolio (4 properties). Acquired in Moorfield JV - Storagebase (4 properties) and Bath.  South Africa: Acquired Silver Park and Green Cube (trading properties). Paarden Eiland, Pinelands and Kramerville (acquired for development).  2.  Strong and flexible capital structure  Ensure the financial flexibility exists to pursue  acquisition and development opportunities  Maintain a conservative gearing ratio in line  with the board's policy  20.0%  20.0%  ## Assessment  LTV ratio of 27.9% at year end, within target of 25 - 35%  Refinanced ZAR and GBP debt facilities providing additional headroom to pursue expansion  Well-supported and oversubscribed capital raise in January 2022 of R575 million  Maintained an effective interest rate hedging policy with 81.4% of borrowings hedged on a net debt basis   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

Strategic objectives and outcomes (30% weighting) (continued)

| Strategic objective  KPIs  Weighting  Result  3.  Operational excellence  Improve the performance of our staff through  learning and development, engagement and  upskilling to drive increased profitability  Implement the digital strategy to increase  enquiries, enhance the customer experience,  and achieve economies of scale in our  marketing spend  Execute on the digitalisation of the business  to enable, improve and transform business  operations, functions and processes by  leveraging technology  20.0%  20.0%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Assessment

Designed  and  delivered  52  new  online  courses  on  Edu-Space  (online  training  platform)  translating  into 47 000+ hours of online training being completed by staff:

-  Edu-Space highlights - over 150 courses delivered; 2 000+ successfully completed modules; 96%+ pass rate achieved
-  Face-to-face training highlights - 15 courses delivered to over 90 employees

Financially supported seven staff members in FY22 as part of the Stor-Age study support programme - assists employees with career development at accredited institutions.

Generated and managed more than 150 000 (2021: 140 000) enquiries across both markets.

Executed  our  strategy  of  hyper-segmenting  potential  customer  userbase  and  delivering  customised  and relevant messages across various digital channels in both markets. Enabled us to create bespoke advertising media (both static and rich media) that directs users to customised landing pages relevant to their behaviour. Messaging in each of these adverts is curated to be relevant to targeted audiences (in different life stages) that drives demand for self storage.

Improved the South African and UK websites by enhancing security, refining the user experience and enabling continued deeper integration between our platforms taking careful consideration of the ever-shifting customer journey. Improvements encourages web prospects to enter into our digital sales funnels and be converted into a sale.

Significant majority of new customers onboarded digitally through our digital move-in platforms in both markets.

Combined total social media following of over 118 000, with the Stor-Age Facebook page ranking as the third most followed self storage business in the world.

Ranked 30th out of the top 100 inaugural FT annual ranking of Africa's Fastest Growing Companies.

Continued to digitalise existing processes throughout the business, using built-in tools and capability in Office 365/Microsoft Azure Cloud platform. Allows for a number of benefits to the business, including ensuring that we operate in an increasingly low-code environment, with rapid deployment of digital solutions to drive efficiencies.

Strategic objectives and outcomes (30% weighting) (continued)

| Strategic objective  KPIs  Weighting  Result  4.  Display leadership behaviour in  accordance with the Company's  Core Values  Ensure fully committed and motivated team  Maintain minimal staff turnover  Adherence to Company's Core Values  20.0%  20.0%  ## Assessment  Refer to point 11 of the LTI outcomes for further detail.  5.  Improve the Group's ESG  initiatives in order to deliver real  value to all our stakeholders  Deliver on the Group's transformation strategy  Invest in renewable energy and pursue  initiatives to reduce carbon intensity  Support charities and NPOs and be active  in less fortunate and underprivileged  communities  Align sustainability reporting with appropriate  frameworks  20.0%  20.0%  ## Assessment  Refer to point 9 of the LTI outcomes for further detail.  Contributed approximately R1.5 million worth of support in FY22 to various social initiatives. In addition to providing complimentary self storage space, properties in the portfolio also acted as drop off points for various charitable organisations.  Total  100.0%  100.0%  Final outcome (Result x 30% weighting)  30.0%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STI outcome

The performance outcome under the short-term incentive scheme for FY22 is set out below:

| TGP  R'000  Financial  outcome  Strategic  outcome  Total  outcome  STI  maximum  (% of TGP)  FY22  maximum  R'000  Total  STI  R'000  G Lucas  3 000  112.5%  30.0%  142.5%  125.0%  1 500  1 500  S Lucas  3 000  112.5%  30.0%  142.5%  125.0%  1 500  1 500  S Horton  3 000  112.5%  30.0%  142.5%  125.0%  1 500  1 500   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In assessing the overall impact of the amendments to executive directors' remuneration for FY22, the committee elected to adopt a phased approach to the introduction of the STI. Accordingly, and considering that FY22 was the first year of the STI plan, the committee set the maximum STI payable for FY22 at R1.5 million for each director notwithstanding the actual performance outcomes.

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

## LONG-TERM INCENTIVE AWARDS

The performance period for the awards granted in FY19 and FY20 ended on 31 March 2022. The awards will vest on or after 1 September 2022 subject to the employment condition. The outcomes are set out below as follows:

Financial performance conditions and outcomes (75% weighting)

| Performance  condition  Weight  Hurdle level  Actual  performance  Vesting of  performance  shares  Threshold  (50% vesting)  Target  (100% vesting)  Stretch  (150% vesting)  Dividend per  share growth  measured  relative to  the SAPY or  comparable  index  26.25%  5% out-  performance  15% out-  performance  25% out-  performance  4.9%  (stretch  achieved)  39.4%  Dividend per  share growth  measured  against SA CPI  + margin  26.25%  CPI + 2.25%  CPI + 2.75%  CPI + 3.25%  4.9%  (less than  threshold)  -%  Tangible  net asset  value growth  measured  against  weighted SA  and UK CPI +  margin  11.25%  CPI + 2.0%  CPI + 2.5%  CPI + 3.0%  19.8%  (stretch  achieved)  16.9%  Loan to value  ratio  11.25%  35% - 40%  30% - 35%  Less than  30%  26.9%  (stretch  achieved)  16.9%  75.0%  73.1%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Non-financial performance conditions and outcomes (25% weighting)

| Performance  condition  Weight  Hurdle level  Actual  performance  Vesting of  performance  shares  Threshold  (50% vesting)  Target  (100% vesting)  Stretch  (150% vesting)  See table below  25.0%  70% score  80% score  90% score  See table  below  37.5%  ## Total performance factor (financial outcomes + non-financial outcomes)  110.6%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The table below sets out the non-financial performance measures and the remuneration committee's assessment of the performance of the executive directors.

| ## Non-financial performance conditions  Gavin  Lucas  Stephen  Lucas  Steven  Horton  Max %  Rating  Max %  Rating  Max %  Rating   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1. Determining strategy and providing strategic guidance throughout the Group in accordance with the Company's five-year strategic plan

The committee is satisfied that the executive directors successfully executed the Group's strategy over the performance period:

-  The Group achieved its core objective to deliver real and  sustainable  growth  to  shareholders  driven  by occupancy and revenue growth, acquisitions and new developments, and leveraging the economies of scale that its market-leading operating platform provides.
-  The Group's strategy was implemented in a disciplined manner in line with a clearly defined vision.
-  The executive directors continuously provide strategic guidance  in  all  key  functional  areas  and  take  full responsibility for challenges and opportunities that may arise. This was evident in the critically important role they  played  to  proactively  address  the  challenges brought  about  by  the  COVID-19  pandemic  and  the KwaZulu-Natal unrest.
-  Ranked 30th out of the top 100 in the inaugural FT annual ranking of Africa's Fastest Growing Companies.
-  Further detail of the execution of Stor-Age's strategy is set out on pages 33 to 35.

20%

100%

10%

100%

10%

100%

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

Non-financial performance conditions and outcomes (25% weighting) (continued)

## Non-financial performance conditions

Gavin Lucas

Stephen Lucas

Steven Horton

Max %

Rating

Max %

Rating

Max %

Rating

2. Implementing international expansion strategy in accordance with the five-year strategic plan

UK investment property increased by 42% from £155.3 million to £220.8 million.

Total value of UK investment properties (including those held in joint ventures) of £292.0 million (R10.6 billion) at year end.

Completed nine acquisitions and three new developments over the performance period.

Successfully concluded the Moorfield joint venture in the UK, with four new properties secured for future development, of which the first two are currently under construction.

Launched Management 1 st  and Digital First initiatives to grow the Group's third-party management platform.

Four properties trading on the Management 1 st  programme and 12 operators, representing 35 properties, trading on the Digital First platform, spread across five countries (England, Scotland, Ireland, Spain and Italy).

3. Identifying suitable investment and development opportunities and executing in accordance with the property strategy

Successfully identified, negotiated and executed nine acquisitions, completed three new developments, total pipeline of 14 properties.

Conducted extensive due diligence on all acquisition and development transactions.

Achieved pre-defined acquisition and development targets in accordance with property strategy.

<!-- image -->

10% 100% 5% 100% 15% 100%

15% 100% 10% 100% 20% 100%

Non-financial performance conditions and outcomes (25% weighting) (continued)

| ## Non-financial performance conditions  Gavin  Lucas  Stephen  Lucas  Steven  Horton  Max %  Rating  Max %  Rating  Max %  Rating  4. Implementing the Group's operations strategy including the development and execution of the digital and technology strategy  Strong operating performance as reflected in net property operating income growth over the performance period, including a resilient trading performance despite the challenges arising from the COVID-19 pandemic:  -  Consistent growth in occupancy and rental rates.  -  Managed cost-to-income ratio to ensure no erosion of operating margin.  -  Further detail on the FY22 operating performance is set out on page 48.  Successfully implemented e-lease solution to adhere to COVID-19 social distancing requirements. Significant number of new customers onboarded digitally through our digital move-in platform in both markets.  The Stor-Hub (bespoke CRM) platform was enhanced to integrate directly with the tenant management system (TMS) in operation in the UK, over and above the in-place TMS in operation in South Africa.  Enhanced our digital marketing capabilities and achieved consistent growth in enquiry numbers (in South Africa and the UK, 70% and 94% respectively of enquiries are generated online). Executed on strategy of hyper- segmenting potential customer userbase and delivering customised and relevant messages across various digital channels in both markets.  Designed and delivered 52 new online courses on Edu- Space (online training platform) translating into 47 000+ hours of online training being completed by staff over the performance period.  Continued to digitalise existing processes throughout the business, using built-in tools and capability in Office 365/ Microsoft Azure Cloud platform.  In response to COVID-19, our annual staff year end reviews in South Africa, which were traditionally held in person in Cape Town and Johannesburg, were held digitally each year.  10%  90%  10%  90%  n/a  n/a   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

Non-financial performance conditions and outcomes (25% weighting) (continued)

| ## Non-financial performance conditions  Gavin Lucas  Stephen Lucas  Steven Horton  Max %  Rating  Max %  Rating  Max %  Rating  5. Ensuring good corporate governance is entrenched throughout the Group  The committee is satisfied that the executive directors continue to play an integral part in the ongoing entrenchment of good corporate governance throughout the Group, with details thereof reported throughout this annual report:  -  The  Group  remains  committed  to  exercising  ethical and  effective leadership in accordance  with  the Stor-Age  Core  Values  of  Excellence,  Sustainability, Relevance and Integrity.  -  The executive directors conduct business in an open, honest and ethical manner, availing themselves to all board members at all times.  -  During the performance period the executives researched,  formulated  and  adopted  a  revised  and enhanced  ESG  strategy  and  reporting  framework, aligned with the UN Sustainable Development Goals and taking guidance from the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures.  5% 100% 10% 100% 5% 100%  6. Financial reporting and shareholder communication is carried out in a transparent, accurate, concise and timely manner  The committee is satisfied that the Group's ongoing financial reporting, shareholder communication and correspondence (both internal and external) are of the highest standard and meet the above objectives.  The executive directors actively engage with all shareholders - and potential investors - by making themselves available for 1:1 meetings, site visits and requests for further information.  15%  90%  20%  90%  5%  90%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Non-financial performance conditions and outcomes (25% weighting) (continued)

| ## Non-financial performance conditions  Gavin  Lucas  Stephen  Lucas  Steven Horton  Max %  Rating  Max %  Rating  Max %  Rating  7. Managing the Group's capital structure and resources in a responsible and effective manner to enhance shareholder return by deploying capital prudently and optimising cost of debt  Prudently managed the balance sheet with conservative LTV levels (generally below 30%) and compliance with all debt covenants.  Executed two oversubscribed capital raises over the performance period (R825 million in total).  Capital allocation decisions are made carefully after due consideration of risks and shareholder returns.  Finalised the GBP debt restructuring with UK lenders at a competitive cost of capital which provides capacity to support growth in the UK, diversifies the funding sources across a number of lenders, and provides for greater flexibility in the use of the facilities.  Maintained an effective interest rate hedging policy with 75%+ of borrowings hedged on a net debt basis.  Executed an effective currency hedging policy for GBP earnings at favourable rates and reduced the use of cross currency interest rate swaps.  5%  100%  10%  100%  5%  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

Non-financial performance conditions and outcomes (25% weighting) (continued)

| ## Non-financial performance conditions  Gavin  Lucas  Stephen  Lucas  Steven  Horton  Max %  Rating  Max %  Rating  Max %  Rating   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

8. Effective management of energy and utility costs and corporate overheads

Continued trend of reduced electricity consumption across the South African portfolio with improved contribution of solar PV installations, improved staff behaviour, and various additional energy reduction initiatives.

Following initiatives have reduced our properties' electricity consumption:

-  Motion-sensitive  lighting  at  all  properties  -  fitted  at optimum distances to reduce the number of fittings and energy consumed.
-  LED  light  fittings  installed  inside  and  outside  all  new properties, and retrofitted onto existing ones. Saves up to 60% of consumption compared to standard fittings.
-  Solar panel hot water cylinders installed to heat water in the retail stores and  security offices  at  many properties.
-  Each  month,  we  prepare  and  review  a  detailed analysis  to  assess  energy  consumption  across  the portfolio, with exceptions timeously dealt with through active management.

23 properties in South Africa fitted with solar PV systems - since implementation, these properties have generated over 1.7 million kWh in solar energy and rendered electricity consumption savings in line with what was projected for each system. Invested c. R12 million into renewable energy capacity to date and installed solar PV systems at eight additional properties in FY22 with a further six identified in South Africa and the UK.

Property rates and the underlying property valuations and the applicable tariffs, on which the rates are calculated, are monitored, assessed and reviewed on a continual basis. When applicable, Stor-Age objects to underlying changes in the property valuations, by making use of thirdparty specialist consultancies in South Africa and the UK.

Made significant progress with the installation of water and electricity check meters across the South African portfolio in order to monitor utility usage in real time as well as challenge municipal billing based on estimates.

n/a n/a

5%

90%

10%

90%

Non-financial performance conditions and outcomes (25% weighting) (continued)

| ## Non-financial performance conditions  Gavin  Lucas  Stephen  Lucas  Steven  Horton  Max %  Rating  Max %  Rating  Max %  Rating   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

9. Implementing sustainable practices such as energy efficiency, renewable energy generation, rainwater harvesting, and storm water management and conservation

The ESG strategy aligns Stor-Age's Vision and Core Values with six relevant UN Sustainable Development Goals and takes guidance from the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures.

As part of the GBP debt restructure, the Group entered into its first 'green' sustainability-linked loan ('SLL') facility in FY22 (£21.0 million 7-year sustainability-linked loan with Aviva):

-  Loan is aligned with Aviva's Real Estate Debt Sustainable Transition  Loan  Framework  and  is  structured  such  that achievement of certain environmental KPIs will trigger a reduction in loan margin. These  KPIs include the installation  of  solar,  reducing  scope  1  and  2  carbon emissions and developing our net zero carbon pathway.
-  Two  independent  bodies  were  appointed  to  ensure that  our  KPIs  align  with  the  requirements  of  Aviva's Framework and are structured in accordance with the Loan Market Association's SLL Principles.

Sustainability strategy for newly acquired trading properties and new developments aims to:

-  Install solar PV panels and ensure the general reduction of CO 2 emissions wherever possible.
-  Install motion sensors and  LED  light fittings both internally and externally.
-  Use building materials that assist with insulation.
-  Harvest rainwater for internal use where possible.
-  Implement effective surface water design and management.
-  Implement waste management initiatives.

Achieved over 770 tonnes of carbon savings during the year, an improvement of approximately 29% year-on-year, demonstrating the positive trend of improvement over the performance period.

Embarked on a process of identifying, reviewing and selecting an independent third-party sustainability consultant who has been tasked with setting baselines for carbon emissions and water consumption for properties in the South African and UK portfolios, together with establishing environmental KPIs to consider for adoption and ongoing performance measurement. Independent consultant has conducted a Carbon Footprint Assessment across the South African portfolio in order to set the baselines for carbon emissions at each property.

n/a n/a

n/a n/a

10%

90%

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

Non-financial performance conditions and outcomes (25% weighting) (continued)

| ## Non-financial performance conditions  Gavin  Lucas  Stephen  Lucas  Steven  Horton  Max %  Rating  Max %  Rating  Max %  Rating  10. Implementing the Group's transformation strategy and achieving transformation objectives and targets  Stor-Age is committed to creating a real impact by implementing sustainable business transformation and employment plans.  Stor-Age continues to view transformation as a strategic business imperative and the plans outline key milestones to drive transformation in the business.  Formed an agreement with the Skills Development Corporation (SDC), an accredited learning institution based in Johannesburg, to provide a 12-month Business Administration Services learnership programme to 12 learners from previously disadvantaged backgrounds.  Classified as a Level 8 B-BBEE compliant contributor and consistent with the Group's transformation strategy, Stor-Age remains focused on improving transformation levels and representation across the business.  10%  70%  10%  70%  10%  70%  11. Displaying leadership behaviour in accordance with the Company's Core Values  Senior management spends significant time at the properties and is accessible to all employees.  Adopted a progressive and open-minded approach to workplace flexibility. Formalised a structured and balanced hybrid working model at the head office, where line managers have been given the authority to interact with their teams to determine an optimal working arrangement.  Implemented employee wellness initiatives to encourage employees to practice and improve their habits to attain better physical and mental health.  Anonymous employee surveys are conducted annually which confirmed that staff are well-motivated. Feedback from these surveys assists in creating a positive workplace environment and identifying areas for improvement.  Supported staff financially during major traumatic events such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the KwaZulu-Natal riots and floods.  10%  100%  10%  100%  10%  100%  100%  94.5%  100%  93.5%  100%  94.5%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## VESTING OF LTI AWARD

No LTI awards vested in FY22. However, for the purposes of the single figure remuneration table set out on page 104, the estimated value of the FY19 and FY20 LTI awards for the executive directors (in respect of the performance period ending 31 March 2022), are set out below. The awards will vest on or after 1 September 2022 subject to the employment condition.

| Director  Award  Number of  shares  Performance  factor  Performance  adjusted  number of  shares  Share  price*  Value of  shares  included  in single  figure table  Gavin Lucas  FY19 performance  shares  128 719  110.6%  142 395  FY19 retention  shares  42 906  na  42 906  FY20 performance  shares  305 111  110.6%  337 529  Total  522 830  14.00  7 319 626  Stephen Lucas  FY19 performance  shares  128 719  110.6%  142 395  FY19 retention  shares  42 906  na  42 906  FY20 performance  shares  305 111  110.6%  337 529  Total  522 830  14.00  7 319 626  Steven Horton  FY19 performance  shares  128 719  110.6%  142 395  FY19 retention  shares  42 906  na  42 906  FY20 performance  shares  305 111  110.6%  337 529  Total  522 830  14.00  7 319 626   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* for the purposes of the single figure table, an estimate of R14.00 per share was used at the date of vesting to determine the value of the awards.

The FY19 award comprised performance shares (75%) and retention shares (25%). Based on shareholder feedback received on the 2019 remuneration report, only performance shares will be awarded and no further retention shares will be awarded.

<!-- image -->

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

Details of the unvested awards made to the executive directors (excluding the FY19 and FY20 awards), are set out below:

| FY21 award  Total performance  shares awarded  (on-target grant)  Price  Indicative value  R'000  GM Lucas  381 388  R13.90  5 301  SJ Horton  381 388  R13.90  5 301  SC Lucas  381 388  R13.90  5 301  Total  1 144 164  15 903   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The awards are to be evaluated over a three-year period commencing on 1 April 2020 and ending on 31 March 2023. The awards vest on 15 September 2023. The indicative value is based on the closing share price of R13.90 as at 27 July 2022.

| FY22 award  Total performance  shares awarded  (on-target grant)  Price  Indicative value  R'000  GM Lucas  381 388  R13.90  5 301  SJ Horton  381 388  R13.90  5 301  SC Lucas  381 388  R13.90  5 301  Total  1 144 164  15 903   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The awards are to be evaluated over a three-year period commencing on 1 April 2021 and ending on 31 March 2024. The awards vest on 1 September 2024. The indicative value is based on the closing share price of R13.90 as at 27 July 2022.

As noted above, the FY19 and FY20 awards vest on or after 1 September 2022 (subject to the employment condition) and have been included in the single figure remuneration table.

The executive directors and committee support broad based equity participation by employees in the Company. In addition to the executive directors, more than 50 employees have received CSP awards to date.

<!-- image -->

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

The table below sets out the remuneration paid to non-executive directors:

| 2022  R'000  2021  R'000  GA Blackshaw  324  311  GBH Fox¹  -  75  JAL Chapman  251  241  KM de Kock  308  292  MPR Morojele  298  161  MS Moloko²  74  286  P Mbikwana  298  265  A Varachhia  266  60  Total  1 819  1 691   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Resigned 29 June 2020.

² Resigned 30 June 2021.

The remuneration to be paid to the non-executive directors for the year ending 31 March 2023 to be approved by shareholders at the forthcoming AGM is set out on page 254 of this report.

'This report was approved by the remuneration committee and the board. Both are satisfied that there were no material deviations from the existing remuneration policy during the 2022 financial year.'

<!-- image -->

## SOCIAL AND ETHICS COMMITTEE REPORT

The  social  and  ethics  committee  continues  to  act  on  behalf  of  the  board  in discharging its responsibilities where social and ethical matters of the Group are concerned. The committee continues to monitor whether the Group complies with legal requirements and global best practice in terms of its impact on the economy, the workplace, the social and natural environment.

The committee has all the functions and responsibilities provided  for  in  the  Companies  Act.  The  committee members are set out on page 74, and attendance at meetings is set out on page 76.

## FOCUS AREAS OF THE COMMITTEE DURING THE YEAR

In these unprecedented times, Stor-Age remains committed to creating a real impact by implementing sustainable business transformation and employment plans.  Though  the  ESG  landscape,  conversations veer  towards  being  more  discerning  to  business and  societal  needs.  The  main  areas  of  focus  for the  committee  during  the  year  were  the  continued implementation  of  the  Group's  transformation  plan and the ongoing execution of the ESG strategy and reporting framework.

## TRANSFORMATION PLAN

Stor-Age continues to view transformation as a strategic  business  imperative  and  the  plan  outlines key milestones to drive transformation in the business.

The main objectives of the plan include:

-  Addressing  the  priority  elements  of  the  Property Sector Code, while implementing sustainable business transformation and employment diversification
-  Ensuring the benefits of equity  ownership  and participation in management control are extended to previously disadvantaged groups
-  Fostering an enabling environment within the Group, which encourages and embraces diversity
-  Developing a skilled and motivated workforce base whose  profile  is  representative  of  South  Africa's demographics
-  Creating meaningful job opportunities and assisting with the development of skills in the communities in which we operate
-  Contributing meaningfully to enterprise and supplier development

Consistent with the Company's transformation strategy, Stor-Age  remains  focused  on  improving  its  B-BBEE compliance status.

## ESG STRATEGY AND IMPLEMENTATION

Stor-Age remains committed to our Social and Economic Development initiatives by utilising our resources (operational, marketing and core self storage  product)  to  initiate  and  contribute  to  socioeconomic development projects that benefit previously disadvantaged  groups,  charities,  communities  and individuals,  and  further  promote  transformation  and development.

The Group remains committed to building sustainability into its investment strategy through the careful consideration of environmental, social and governance matters.

The  strategy  aligns  our  Vision  and  Core  Values  with relevant  UN  Sustainable  Development  Goals  (SDGs) and takes guidance from the Task Force on Climaterelated Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Through  our adopted ESG strategy and reporting framework, we continue  to  monitor  our  impact  on  the  economy,  the workplace,  the  social  environment  and  the  natural environment.

During  the  year  Stor-Age  continued  to  partner  with and  support  a  range  of  charities  and  Non-Profit Organisations (NPOs).

The Company launched the Stor-Age Business Hub, a complimentary platform for our commercial customers to promote their products or services to other tenants at the property at which they are storing. Many of these commercial customers are SMMEs, which are critically important for South Africa's economy as they promote sustainable job creation and economic development.

More than 50% 1  of our commercial customers in South Africa  classify  themselves  as  SMMEs,  while  more than  20% 1 classify  themselves  as  entrepreneurs.  For most,  Stor-Age  plays  an  important  role  in  their  daily operations as well as in their growth strategies, now strengthened by the Stor-Age Business Hub that actively supports the continued sustainability of these important commercial customers.

Stor-Age's  properties  act  as  business  incubators  for many, assisting local businesses transition from family home-based  operations  to  larger  scale  entities  that employ more staff and thereby further contribute to the local  economy.  Data  from  a  recent  customer  survey indicates  that  business  customers  have  on  average created  more  than  six  jobs 2 since  starting  to  store with  the  Company.  When  considering  that  Stor-Age had  approximately  8  500  commercial  tenants  at March 2022, the positive contribution that Stor-Age is indirectly  making towards sustainable job creation in South Africa is significant.

During  the  year  the  committee  oversaw  excellent progress on the Group's efforts  to  promote  environmental and  social  sustainability,  while  also  overseeing  the continued enhancement of corporate governance structures.

Further highlights from the year included:

-  Concluding the sustainability-linked financing arrangement with Aviva, which included a commitment to develop a net neutral carbon pathway
-  Installing new solar PV technology at an additional eight properties
-  Supporting six NPOs with a total of approximately 1 600 m 2  of space sponsored during the year
-  Partnering  with  the  Kolisi  Foundation  to  secure  the donation of more than 1 200 blankets for the less fortunate in South Africa during the winter months in 2021
-  Properties acting as drop off points for donated items in  support  of  those  affected  by  the  KwaZulu-Natal floods and the Langa fires in Cape Town
-  Facilitating a fundraising initiative and matching all donations,  in  support  of  staff  members  who  were adversely affected by the floods in KwaZulu-Natal in April 2022
-  In  support  of  local  economic  transformation  the Group sponsored a 12-month learnership programme for 12 previously disadvantaged learners in January 2021 (with a second group of learners commencing in January 2022). The learnership programme assists youth with becoming qualified  in  areas  that  fall  within  the  scarce  and critical skills of South Africa
-  Overseeing the completion of a detailed board selfevaluation during the year to identify improvement opportunities that would strengthen corporate governance practices and the board's performance and competence

Read more about our ESG strategy from page 57.

- 1 As per customer survey completed in September 2020. Approximately 2 000 + surveys completed. 2 Commercial customers were asked how many direct jobs their business had created since they began storing with Stor-Age.

<!-- image -->

## SOCIAL AND ETHICS COMMITTEE REPORT (continued)

## COVID-19

During  the  year  the  committee  continued  to  monitor the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on all of our stakeholders.  This  included  overseeing  the  ongoing implementation and  monitoring of  the  COVID-19 occupational  health  and  safety  regulations  to  ensure the well-being and safety of our employees, customers and the communities in which we operate.

The Company ensured that organisational sustainability was balanced and matched with local economic, social and environmental sustainability practices. Accordingly, the social and ethics committee provided oversight of company-wide actions related to COVID-19.

Stor-Age's  primary  responsibility  remained  the  safety, health and well-being of all employees and customers. Ongoing attention was placed on increased hygiene and  cleanliness  across  the  property  portfolio  and  in the head office, with regular ongoing communication circulated  to  all  employees  regarding  hygiene  and social distancing best practice.

An additional key focus area during the year was the mental well-being of staff, many of whom had to endure significant challenges as a result of the pandemic. The Company continued to roll out a wellness initiative in South Africa focused on encouraging our employees to  practice  and  improve  their  habits  to  attain  better physical and mental health. A wellness webinar was also  hosted  during  the  year,  where  a  well-renowned medical doctor and inspirational speaker shared key insights  into  both  mental  and  physical  health  best practices.

To meet employees' needs in response to the significant impact the pandemic has had on daily life, Stor-Age adopted  a  progressive  and  open-minded  approach to  workplace  flexibility.  The  Company  formalised  a structured  and  balanced  hybrid  work  model  at  the head  office,  where  line  managers  have  been  given the authority to interact with their teams to determine an optimal working arrangement.

To  support  the  hybrid  working  model,  the  Company maintained regular and structured intra-organisational communication through existing communication mediums,  reinforcing  our  Core  Values  of  Excellence, Sustainability, Relevance and Integrity.

The  social  and  ethics  committee  endeavoured  to ensure  that  the  board's  responsibilities  were  fulfilled, risks were meticulously managed and that appropriate support was provided as we continue to manage the pandemic's over-arching impact.

## TERMS OF REFERENCE

The committee's duties and responsibilities are set out in a formal terms of reference, which the committee and the board of directors approved.

The main duties of the committee include:

-  Social and economic development
-  Good corporate citizenship
-  The environment, health and public safety
-  Customer relationships
-  Labour and employment

The committee is further tasked with:

-  Reviewing  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  the Company's  engagement  and  interaction  with  its stakeholders
-  Considering  substantive  national  and  international regulatory developments as well as best practice in the fields of social and ethics management
-  Monitoring the Company's corporate social investment activities
-  Determining clearly articulated ethical standards and ensuring that the Company takes measures to adhere to them in all aspects of the business, thus achieving a sustainable corporate culture in the Group.

## FUTURE FOCUS AREAS FOR THE COMMITTEE

The priority focus for the committee will be the continued monitoring of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on all our stakeholders.

The  committee  will also continue to oversee the implementation  of  the  transformation  plan  and  the ESG  strategy,  and  continue  to  oversee  the  Group's stakeholder engagement processes.

The  committee  is satisfied that it has  fulfilled its responsibilities in accordance with its terms of reference during the reporting period.

<!-- image -->

Phakama Mbikwana Social and ethics committee Chair 29 July 2022

## INVESTMENT COMMITTEE REPORT

## KEY FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES

The  investment  committee  comprises  two  executive directors and three non-executive directors. Its primary purpose is to evaluate and, if appropriate, approve potential  acquisitions  or  disposals  identified  by  the executive team.

The committee meets on an ad hoc basis to review investment proposals relating to acquisitions, disposals, new  developments and/or substantial redevelopments,  while  advising  on  aligning  such opportunities to the Group's five-year growth strategy. The authority limit of the committee is for transactions up to and including the lesser of R350 million or 5% of market capitalisation.

The committee makes recommendations to the board regarding proposed transactions that exceed its level of authority.

The committee is satisfied that it has fulfilled its responsibilities in accordance with its terms of reference for the reporting period.

<!-- image -->

Graham Blackshaw Investment committee Chair 29 July 2022

<!-- image -->

## ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

for the year ended 31 March 2022

## CONTENTS

126 127 128 130 132 136 137 138 141 142 238 - 239 240 - 243 244 - 246 247 - 248

| Declaration by Company Secretary  Directors' responsibility statement  Audit and Risk Committee Report  Directors' Report  Independent Auditor's Report  Statements of financial position  Statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income  Statements of changes in equity  Statements of cash flows  Notes to the financial statements  Unaudited distributable earnings and ratios  SA REIT Best Practice Recommendations disclosure  Unaudited property portfolio information  Unaudited shareholder analysis   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These financial statements have been  audited in compliance  with  the  applicable  requirements  of  the Companies Act of South Africa.

## Preparer

The financial statements have been prepared under the supervision of Stephen Lucas CA(SA).

## Published

20 June 2022

## DECLARATION BY COMPANY SECRETARY

In terms of Section 88(2)(e) of the Companies Act of South Africa, as amended, I certify that the company has lodged with the Companies and Intellectual Property Commission of South Africa all the returns required by a public company in terms of this Act and that all such returns appear to be true, correct and up to date.

<!-- image -->

HH-O Steyn CA(SA) Company Secretary

20 June 2022

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT for the year ended 31 March 2022

The directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the group and company annual financial statements of Stor-Age Property REIT Limited, comprising the statements of financial position at 31 March 2022, and the statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the notes to the  financial  statements  which  include  a  summary  of  significant  accounting  policies  and  other  explanatory  notes,  in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and interpretations adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), the Financial Reporting Pronouncements as issued by the Financial Reporting Standards Council, the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa and the JSE Listings Requirements.

The directors are also responsible for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and for maintaining adequate accounting records and an effective system of risk management as well as the preparation of the supplementary schedules included in these financial statements.

The directors have made an assessment of the ability of the company and its subsidiaries to continue as going concerns and have no reason to believe that the businesses will not be going concerns in the year ahead.

## Approval of group and company annual financial statements

The group and company annual financial statements of Stor-Age Property REIT Limited, as identified in the first paragraph, were approved by the board of directors on 20 June 2022 and signed on their behalf by:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

GA Blackshaw Chairman

GM Lucas Chief Executive Officer

## CEO and CFO responsibility statement

The CEO and CFO hereby confirm that:

- The annual financial statements set out on pages 136 to 237 fairly present in all material respects the financial position, financial performance and cash flows of the issuer in terms of IFRS
- No facts have been omitted or untrue statements made that would make the annual financial statements false or misleading
- Internal financial controls have been put in place to ensure that material information relating to the issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries have been provided to effectively prepare the financial statements of the issuer
- The internal financial controls are adequate and effective and can be relied upon in compiling the annual financial statements, having fulfilled our role and function within the combined assurance model pursuant to principle 15 of King IV.

Where we are not satisfied, we have disclosed to the audit committee and the auditors the deficiencies in design and operational effectiveness of the internal financial controls and any fraud that involves directors, and have taken the necessary remedial action.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

SC Lucas Chief Financial Officer

GM Lucas Chief Executive Officer

## AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE REPORT

The  Audit  and  Risk  Committee  (the  'audit  committee')  takes  pleasure  in  presenting  its  report  for  the  year  ended 31 March 2022.

## 1. Terms of reference

The audit committee is a formal committee of the board of the company and its subsidiaries and has adopted written terms of reference. These terms of reference include the statutory requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa ('the Act'), the recommendations of the King Code on Governance ('King IV') and certain responsibilities delegated by the board.

The main responsibilities of the audit committee include:

- Reviewing the ongoing effectiveness of the internal financial controls
- Reviewing the interim and preliminary results, the annual financial statements and other content in the integrated annual report, and making a formal recommendation to the board to adopt the same
- Ensuring compliance with IFRS and the relevant requirements of the Act and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange ('JSE') with respect to financial reporting
- Overseeing the appointment and independence of the external auditors and reviewing their external audit reports
- Determining a policy for the provision of non-audit services by the external auditors
- Monitoring the risk management framework adopted by the company and its subsidiaries (the 'group') and reviewing any risk management reports in this regard
- Reviewing management's assessment of the group and company to continue as a going concern

The audit committee confirms that it has fulfilled all its statutory obligations as well as its terms of reference for the year under review.

The audit committee has monitored and confirms that it is in compliance with the risk management policy which is in accordance with the industry practice and prohibits the company from entering into speculative derivative transactions not in the ordinary course of business.

## 2. Members of the audit committee, attendance of meetings and evaluation

The audit committee comprises three independent non-executive directors:

KM de Kock CA(SA), CFA, MBA (UCT) MPR Morojele MBA (UCT), CA (Lesotho), MSA (Georgetown), BSc (Charlestown) P Mbikwana Bcom

Certain executive directors, senior management as well as the external auditors attended audit committee meetings by invitation. The terms of reference require an annual evaluation of the performance of the audit committee and its members as well as confirmation of the members' independence in terms of King IV and the Act. The evaluation performed covers the year ended 31 March 2022. The outcome of the annual evaluation and confirmation of independence performed was satisfactory.

## 3. External auditors

The audit committee nominated BDO South Africa Inc. as external auditors for the current year, having satisfied itself that they are independent of the group. The audit committee noted Bradley Jackson as the designated auditor and confirmed that both he and BDO South Africa Inc. are accredited with the JSE as required and that following an assessment of the external auditor, their appointment is in accordance with paragraph 3.84(g)(iii) of the JSE Listings Requirements.

The audit committee approved the terms of the auditor's engagement letter, their audit plan and budgeted audit fees for the audit of the group and company annual financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022.

The audit committee adopted a formal framework for the pre-approval of allowable non-audit services above certain pre-determined thresholds.

## 4. Significant matters

## Valuation of investment property

The major risk relating to investment property is the valuation of investment properties. This has been highlighted as an area of critical judgement and is detailed in note 3 of the annual financial statements. Where an external valuation is not  obtained,  the  directors  determine  the  fair  value  of  each  property,  using  the  valuation  methodology  in  note  3. Through discussion with the executive directors, the audit committee is satisfied with the methodology and critical inputs. A number of non-executive directors have extensive experience in the property industry and the board as a whole approves the valuations. The audit committee also monitors differences between internal and independent external valuations and is satisfied overall that the fair value of investment properties is not materially misstated.

Fifty percent of the income-producing properties in the SA portfolio were externally valued at 31 March 2022 and the remaining fifty percent was valued by the directors. In the UK, all income-producing properties were externally valued at 31 March 2022.

## 5. Internal audit

The audit committee continues to assess the requirement to have an internal audit function as the company grows. For the year ended 31 March 2022, the audit committee satisfied itself that the size and complexity of the group did not warrant an internal audit function. Notwithstanding this assessment, the audit committee resolved to investigate and consider the appointment of an independent external assurance provider to perform internal audit work (to be approved by the audit committee) for the forthcoming financial year.

## 6. Financial director

In  terms  of  JSE  Listings  Requirements  paragraph  3.84  (g)(i),  the  audit  committee  has  considered  the  expertise  and experience of the chief financial officer, Stephen Lucas CA(SA), and is satisfied that they are appropriate for his role.

## 7. Proactive monitoring

The audit committee confirms that it has considered the findings contained in the JSE's 2021 Proactive Monitoring report when preparing the annual financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## 8. Internal financial controls

The audit committee reviewed the risk management and internal control framework presented by management and matters raised by the external auditors report as to the efficiency of the group's internal financial controls.

In accordance with paragraph 3.84(g)(ii) of the JSE Listings Requirements, the audit committee confirms that no material breakdown of internal financial controls was identified during the current financial year.

## 9. Discharge of responsibilities

The audit and risk committee determined that during the financial year under review it had discharged its legal and other responsibilities as governed in the board-approved terms of reference.

## 10.  Approval of annual financial statements

The audit committee confirms that it formally recommended the adoption of the group and company annual financial statements to the board of directors.

KM de Kock CA(SA) Audit and risk committee Chair

<!-- image -->

20 June 2022

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF STOR-AGE PROPERTY REIT LIMITED

We have pleasure in presenting the financial statements of the Stor-Age Property REIT Limited group and company for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## Nature of business

Stor-Age Property REIT Limited is a fully integrated and internally managed real estate investment trust which owns, operates and develops self storage facilities. The group and company operate in South Africa and in the United Kingdom through its subsidiary Betterstore Self Storage Holdings Limited (refer to note 6).

## Period of operations

The company was incorporated on 25 May 2015 and the group formed on the effective date of 16 November 2015. The company has traded for 12 months in the 2021 and 2022 financial years.

## Financial results

The financial results for the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in the accompanying financial statements and notes. The financial statements are prepared in terms of International Financial Reporting Standards and interpretations adopted by the IASB, the Financial Reporting Pronouncements as issued by the Financial Reporting Standards Council, the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa and the JSE Listings Requirements.

## Stated capital

The company's authorised stated capital consists of 1 000 000 000 ordinary shares of no par value. The issued stated capital at 31 March 2022 is 474 610 430 (2021: 432 881 143) ordinary shares of no par value. Refer to note 14 for further information regarding the shares in issue at year end.

All of the shares in issue rank for the dividends declared for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## Dividend distribution

A dividend of 56.60 cents per share was declared by the directors for the interim period ended 30 September 2021. A further dividend of 55.30 cents per share was declared for the six month period ended 31 March 2022. The dividend for the full year amounts to 111.90 cents per share (2021: 106.08 cents per share).

The dividend has been declared from distributable earnings and meets the requirements of a REIT 'qualifying distribution' for purposes of section 25BB of the Income Tax Act, No 58 of 1962 (as amended). The company has chosen dividend per share as its measurement metric as per the JSE Listings Requirements.

## Borrowings

The group has maintained its debt levels below 60% of its gross asset value in accordance with the JSE requirements for REITs. The group is also subject to certain financial covenants with the strictest being a 50% loan-to-value covenant on its bank borrowings. The group's overall borrowings were R2.759 billion (2021: R1.994 billion) at the reporting date as detailed in note 16.1 to the consolidated annual financial statements.

## Subsidiaries

Details of the company's interest in its subsidiaries are set out in note 6.

## Directorate

During the year ended 31 March 2022 the following directors held office:

| Appointment date  Resignation date  Executive:  GM Lucas (Chief executive officer)  25 May 2015  SC Lucas (Chief financial officer)  +  25 May 2015  SJ Horton  25 May 2015  Non-executive:  A Varachhia #  4 January 2021  GA Blackshaw (Chairman)  2 September 2015  JAL Chapman #  2 January 2020  KM de Kock #  2 May 2018  MPR Morojele #  1 September 2020  MS Moloko #  12 October 2015  30 June 2021  P Mbikwana #  2 May 2018   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Independent

+ British citizen

In terms of the Memorandum of Incorporation, Messrs JAL Chapman and MPR Morojele, and Ms P Mbikwana are due to retire from the board at the forthcoming annual general meeting and, all being eligible, have offered themselves for re-election.

Details regarding the directors' shareholding in the company and remuneration are set out in notes 29.3 and 29.4.

## Subsequent events

Information on material events that occurred after 31 March 2022 is included in note 33 to the financial statements.

## Going concern

The company has reasonably satisfied the liquidity and solvency test as required by the Companies Act and the directors have satisfied themselves that the company and group are in a sound financial position and that it has access to sufficient facilities to meet its foreseeable cash requirements.

The directors consider that the company and group have adequate resources to continue operating for the foreseeable future and realise its assets and settle its liabilities in the ordinary course of business. As such it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the consolidated and separate financial statements.

Details of the directors' assessment of going concern is set out in note 32.

## Secretary

The Company secretary is HH-O Steyn CA(SA) Business address: 216 Main Road, Claremont, 7708 Postal address: PO Box 53154, Kenilworth, 7745

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the shareholders of Stor-Age Property REIT Limited

## Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements

## Opinion

We have audited the consolidated and separate financial statements of Stor-Age Property REIT Limited ('the group and company') set out on pages 136 to 237, which comprise the consolidated and separate statements of financial position as at 31 March 2022, and the consolidated and separate statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated and separate statements of changes in equity and the consolidated and separate statements of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In  our  opinion,  the  financial  statements  present  fairly,  in  all  material  respects,  the  consolidated  and  separate  financial position of Stor-Age Property REIT Limited as at 31 March 2022, and its consolidated and separate financial performance and consolidated and separate cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa.

## Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards  are  further  described  in  the  Auditor's  Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of  Consolidated  and  Separate  Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the group and company in accordance with the Independent Regulatory Board of Auditors' Code of Professional Conduct for Registered Auditors (IRBA Code) and other independence requirements applicable to performing audits of financial statements in South Africa. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities  in  accordance  with  the  IRBA  Code  and  in  accordance  with  other  ethical  requirements  applicable  to performing audits in South Africa. The IRBA Code is consistent with the corresponding sections of the International Ethics Standards  Board  for  Accountants'  International  Code  of  Ethics  for  Professional  Accountants  (including  International Independence Standards). We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key audit matters

Key audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our  professional  judgement,  were  of  most  significance  in  our  audit  of  the consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Key audit matter

Valuation  of  Investment  Properties (consolidated  and separate financial statements - Notes 3.1 and 27 to the consolidated and separate financial statements, and the critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements  and  investment  property  accounting  policy contained in the significant accounting policies section of the consolidated and separate financial statements)

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

The  audit  procedures  we  performed  included,  amongst others, the following:

- We assessed the design and tested the implementation of relevant controls over the valuations process;
- We assessed the board of directors' and management's external  valuers  ('management's  experts')  competency, capabilities and  objectivity. This  included  inspecting professional qualifications and registrations and making an assessment of the objectivity and appropriateness of the valuator used;

## The key audit matter

It is group's policy that investment properties are recognised at their fair values. In South Africa, 50% of the portfolio is valued by independent external valuers at each reporting period (i.e. 31 March and 30 September), whilst  the  remaining  50%  is  valued  by  the  board  of directors. In the United Kingdom, 100% of the portfolio is valued externally by independent external valuers at the year end reporting period.

The valuation of the group's and company's investment property  portfolio  is  inherently  subjective  due  to  the estimates and  judgements used in determining the property  fair  values.  These  include  the  capitalisation rates, discount rates, forecasted rentals, lease up period, property expenses, and the notional sale of the assets at the  end  of  the  10th  year  of  the  discounted  cash  flow period used in the valuation model. Among other factors, the individual nature of the properties, their location and expected future rentals, also affect the valuation of the investment property. In addition, the board of directors apply assumptions for yields and estimated market rent to arrive at the final valuation.

The valuation of investment property was considered to be a matter of most significance to the current year audit, due to the significance of the balances, the significance of the estimation uncertainty and the level of judgement involved.

## How the matter was addressed in our audit

- We  inspected  the  valuations  reports  for  the  properties valued  by  the  board  of  directors,  and  management's expert in the current year, to assess whether the valuation approach was in accordance with International Financial Reporting  Standards,  was  consistent  with  the  previous financial year, and was suitable for use in determining the fair value for the purpose of the consolidated and separate financial statements.
- We agreed all investment property fair values, valued by the board of directors and management's experts, to the underlying calculations and reports where applicable.
- We tested the key assumptions used in the determination of fair values in respect of both management's experts, as well as the valuations performed by the board of directors, as follows:
- The forecast  revenue  applied  in  the  1st  year  of    the discounted cash flow ('DCF') was assessed for reasonability.  This  was  performed  by  agreeing  the occupancy and rental rate  assumptions  underpinning the forecast revenue in the DCF model to the property management system;
- The  projected  property  expenses  applied  in  the  1st year of the DCF model was assessed for reasonability by comparing to available market data;
- We assessed the reasonability of revenue and expense growth  rates  subsequent  to  the  initial  forecast  year based on our knowledge of the properties, obtained through  research,  and  by  comparing  to  available industry data for similar investment properties; and
- We  assessed  the  reasonability  of  the  discount  and capitalisation rates applied by comparing it to available industry data for similar investment properties.
- We tested the mathematical accuracy of the DCF models, by reperforming the calculations.
- In addition to the above, we also selected key valuation reports, and requested an external, independent auditor's valuation expert to assess the reasonability of the:
- Forecast revenue applied in the 1st year of the DCF models;
- Projected property expenses applied in the 1st year of the DCF models;
- Revenue and expense growth rates in the DCF models subsequent to the initial forecast year; and
- Discount, exit and capitalisation rates applied by either the board  of directors or management's  external experts.
- We  considered  the adequacy  of the group's  and company's disclosures in respect of its investment property against the requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (continued)

## Other information

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the document titled 'Stor-Age Property REIT Limited Annual Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2022', which includes the Directors' Report, the Audit and Risk Committee Report and the Company Secretary's Certificate as required by the Companies Act of South Africa, which we obtained prior to the date of this report, and the Integrated Report, which is expected to be made available to us after that date. The other information does not include the consolidated and separate financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated and separate financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated and separate financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor's report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated and separate financial statements

The  directors  are  responsible  for  the  preparation  and  fair  presentation  of  the  financial  statements  in  accordance  with International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated and separate financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the group's and the company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the group and/or the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

## Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in  the  circumstances,  but  not  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  an  opinion  on  the  effectiveness  of  the  group's  and  the company's internal control.

- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the group's and the company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated and separate financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the group and/or the company to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

In terms of the IRBA Rule published in Government Gazette Number 39475 dated 4 December 2015, we report that BDO South Africa Incorporated has been the auditor of Stor-Age Property REIT Limited for 2 years.

BDO South Africa Incorporated Registered Auditors

<!-- image -->

Bradley Jackson Director Registered Auditor

20 June 2022

123 Hertzog Boulevard Foreshore Cape Town, 8001

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION as at 31 March 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  R'000  *Restated  2021  R'000  *Restated  2020  R'000  2022  R'000  *Restated  2021  R'000  *Restated  2020  R'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  10 148 725  8 241 155  7 463 998  5 361 113  4 773 238  4 655 379  Investment properties  3  9 535 000  7 869 321  7 074 287  767 463  620 544  485 653  Property and equipment  19 975  15 696  17 653  5 382  5 591  7 144  Stor-Age share purchase scheme  loans  4  84 135  140 041  185 737  84 135  140 041  185 737  Goodwill and intangible assets  5  145 706  147 019  152 276  81 320  79 456  78 819  Investment in subsidiaries  6  -  -  -  4 370 922  3 899 989  3 889 417  Equity-accounted investees  7  246 580  28 637  3 527  39 090  21 743  3 527  Unlisted investment  8  10 838  5 474  5 082  10 838  5 474  5 082  Deferred taxation  22  6 650  2 701  25 436  -  -  -  Derivative financial assets  9  99 841  32 266  -  1 963  400  -  Current assets  356 911  260 067  228 239  996 578  707 524  596 343  Trade and other receivables  11  127 350  82 907  146 210  50 715  11 606  33 925  Inventories  7 228  6 087  5 676  3 215  1 926  1 548  Intercompany receivable  10  -  -  -  577 037  387 047  353 307  Cash and cash equivalents  12  222 333  171 073  76 353  82 209  76 950  23 242  Dividend receivable  13  -  -  -  283 402  229 995  184 321  Total assets  10 505 636  8 501 222  7 692 237  6 357 691  5 480 762  5 251 722  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Total equity  6 643 187  5 656 753   4 605 378  4 827 521  4 215 343  3 866 687  Stated capital  14  5 374 681  4 783 903   4 360 033  5 374 681  4 783 903  4 360 033  Retained earnings/(accumulated loss)  1 186 969  674 702  (51 065)  (580 433)  (590 526)  (501 002)  Share-based payment reserve  15  33 273  21 966  7 656  33 273  21 966  7 656  Foreign currency translation reserve  2 051  137 574  255 657  -  -  -  Total equity attributable to  shareholders  6 596 974  5 618 145   4 572 281  4 827 521  4 215 343  3 866 687  Non-controlling interest  46 213  38 608  33 097  -  -  -  Non-current liabilities  3 135 260  1 746 619  2 506 683  1 009 615  320 755  957 940  Loans and borrowings  16.1  2 598 851  1 347 000  2 045 723  1 004 253  303 794  926 112  Derivative financial liabilities  16.2  5 579  61 810  152 706  5 309  15 624  29 309  Deferred taxation  22  287 436  65 361  -  -  -  -  Lease obligations  30  243 394  272 448  308 254  53  1 337  2 519  Current liabilities  727 189  1 097 850  580 176  520 555  944 664  427 095  Loans and borrowings  16.1  160 000  647 359  160 000  160 000  647 359  160 000  Trade and other payables  17  221 050  173 302  157 978  21 699  16 009  11 645  Provisions  18  15 711  10 716  2 858  7 846  4 444  2 422  Lease obligations  30  29 279  32 371  33 357  1 360  1 384  1 293  Intercompany payable  10  -  -  -  67 191  41 366  25 752  Taxation payable  22  38 690  -  -  -  -  -  Dividends payable  262 459  234 102  225 983  262 459  234 102  225 983  Total equity and liabilities  10 505 636  8 501 222  7 692 237  6 357 691  5 480 762  5 251 722   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The comparative years have been restated for the group's voluntary change in accounting policy as set out in note 35.

## STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

for the year ended 31 March 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Property revenue  19  910 682  800 222  49 429  36 958  - Rental income  849 716  738 726  44 895  33 153  - Other income  60 966  61 496  4 534  3 805  Expected credit losses recognised on  tenant debtors  26.3.2  (3 738)  (6 375)  (134)  (258)  Direct property costs  (221 280)  (206 435)  (11 180)  (1 955)  Net property operating income  685 664  587 412  38 115  34 745  Other revenue  14 594  4 510  565 463  444 528  - Management fees  14 594  4 510  42 286  2 965  - Dividend income from subsidiaries  -  -  523 177  441 563  Insurance proceeds from building claim  3  51 725  -  -  -  Administration expenses  21  (103 489)  (89 307)  (73 341)  (60 336)  Operating profit  648 494  502 615  530 237  418 937  Restructure of loans and borrowings  (6 377)  -  (326)  -  Fair value adjustment to investment properties  3  642 313  803 242  13 765  (4 062)  Other fair value adjustments to financial  instruments  20  121 505  62 668  11 742  (14 561)  Foreign exchange (losses)/gains  (3 565)  5 368  (954)  9 714  Depreciation and amortisation  (8 309)  (11 184)  (4 033)  (5 396)  Profit before interest and taxation  1 394 061  1 362 709  550 431  404 632  Interest income  25 904  44 438  17 506  19 291  Interest expense  (116 838)  (107 906)  (50 374)  (46 920)  Share of net loss of equity-accounted investees,  net of tax  (471)  (15)  -  -  Profit before taxation  1 302 656  1 299 226  517 563  377 003  Taxation expense  22  (271 413)  (96 619)  -  -  - Normal taxation  (35 986)  (6 564)  -  -  - Deferred taxation  (235 427)  (90 055)  -  -  Profit for the year  1 031 243  1 202 607  517 563  377 003  Other comprehensive income net of tax  Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss  Translation of foreign operations  (137 946)  (120 800)  -  -  Items that may not be reclassified to profit  or loss  Equity-accounted investees - share of OCI  (7)  -  -  -  Other comprehensive loss for the year  (137 953)  (120 800)  -  -  Total comprehensive income for the year  893 290  1 081 807  517 563  377 003  Profit attributable to:  1 031 243  1 202 607  Shareholders of the company  1 019 737  1 192 294  Non-controlling interest  11 506  10 313  Total comprehensive income attributable to:  893 290  1 081 807  Shareholders of the company  884 214  1 074 211  Non-controlling interest  9 076  7 596  ## Earnings per share  23  Cents  Cents  Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share  231.49  282.68  228.73  280.20   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

## for the year ended 31 March 2022

| Group  Stated  capital  (Note 14)  R'000  Non-  distributable  reserve  R'000  Retained  earnings/  (accumulated  loss)  R'000  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  R'000  Share-  based  payment  reserve  (note 15)  R'000  Total  attributable  to parent  R'000  Non-  controlling  interest  R'000  Total  equity  R'000  Balance as  previously reported  at 1 April 2020  4 360 033  210 839  (261 904)  255 657  7 656  4 572 281  33 097  4 605 378  Voluntary change  in accounting  policy  -  (210 839)  210 839  -  -  -  -  -  Restated balance  at 1 April 2020  4 360 033  -  (51 065)  255 657  7 656  4 572 281  33 097  4 605 378  Total  comprehensive  income for the  year  -  1 192 294  (118 083)  -  1 074 211  7 596  1 081 807  Profit for the year  -  -   1 192 294  -  -  1 192 294  10 313   1 202 607  Other  comprehensive  income  -  -  -  (118 083)  -  (118 083)  (2 717)  (120 800)  Transactions with  shareholders,  recognised directly  in equity  Issue of shares  423 870  -  -  -  -  423 870  -  423 870  Proceeds  426 147  -  -  -  -  426 147  -  426 147  Share issue costs  (2 277)  -  -  -  -  (2 277)  -  (2 277)  Equity settled  share-based  payment charge  -  -  -  -  14 310  14 310  -  14 310  Dividends  -  -  (466 527)  -  -  (466 527)  (2 085)  (468 612)  Total transactions  with shareholders  423 870  -  (466 527)  -  14 310  (28 347)  (2 085)  (30 432)  Restated  balance at  31 March 2021  4 783 903  -  674 702  137 574  21 966  5 618 145  38 608  5 656 753   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Group  Stated  capital  (Note 14)  R'000  Non-  distributable  reserve  R'000  Retained  earnings/  (accumulated  loss)  R'000  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  R'000  Share-  based  payment  reserve  (note 15)  R'000  Total  attributable  to parent  R'000  Non-  controlling  interest  R'000  Total  equity  R'000  Total  comprehensive  income for the  year  -  -  1 019 737  (135 523)  -  884 214  9 076  893 290  Profit for the year  -  -  1 019 737  -  -  1 019 737  11 506  1 031 243  Other  comprehensive  income  -  -  -  (135 523)  -  (135 523)  (2 430)  (137 953)  Transactions with  shareholders,  recognised directly  in equity  Issue of shares  590 778  -  -  -  -  590 778  -  590 778  Proceeds  596 577  -  -  -  -  596 577  -  596 577  Share issue costs  (5 799)  -  -  -  -  (5 799)  -  (5 799)  Equity settled  share-based  payment charge  -  -  -  -  11 307  11 307  -  11 307  Dividends  -  -  (507 470)  -  -  (507 470)  (1 471)  (508 941)  Total transactions  with shareholders  590 778  -  (507 470)  -  11 307  94 615  (1 471)  93 144  Balance at  31 March 2022  5 374 681  -  1 186 969  2 051  33 273  6 596 974  46 213  6 643 187   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (continued) for the year ended 31 March 2022

| Company  Stated  capital  (note 13)  R'000  Non-  distributable  reserve  R'000  Accumulated  loss  R'000  Share-  based  payment  reserve  (note 14)  R'000  Total  R'000  Balance as previously reported at  1 April 2020  4 360 033  (19 595)  (481 407)  7 656  3 866 687  Voluntary change in accounting policy  -  19 595  (19 595)  -  -  Restated balance at 1 April 2020  4 360 033  -  (501 002)  7 656  3 866 687  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  -  377 003  -  377 003  Profit for the year  -  -  377 003  -  377 003  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  Transactions with shareholders, recognised  directly in equity  Issue of shares  423 870  -  -  -  423 870  Proceeds  426 147  -  -  -  426 147  Share issue costs  (2 277)  -  -  -  (2 277)  Equity settled share-based payment charge  -  -  -  14 310  14 310  Dividends  -  -  (466 527)  -  (466 527)  Total transactions with shareholders  423 870  -  (466 527)  14 310  (28 347)  Restated balance at 31 March 2021  4 783 903  -  (590 526)  21 966  4 215 343  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  -  517 563  -  517 563  Profit for the year  -  -  517 563  -  517 563  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  Transactions with shareholders, recognised  directly in equity  Issue of shares  590 778  -  -  -  590 778  Proceeds  596 577  -  -  -  596 577  Share issue costs  (5 799)  -  -  -  (5 799)  Equity settled share-based payment charge  -  -  -  11 307  11 307  Dividends  -  -  (507 470)  -  (507 470)  Total transactions with shareholders  590 778  -  (507 470)  11 307  94 615  Balance at 31 March 2022  5 374 681  -  (580 433)  33 273  4 827 521   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS for the year ended 31 March 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Cash flows from operating activities  Cash generated/(utilised) from operations  24.1  651 628  583 259  (13 044)  14 084  Interest received  24.2  20 989  35 667  9 819  15 067  Interest paid  24.3  (132 975)  (153 003)  (59 191)  (87 492)  Dividends paid  24.4  (480 584)  (460 493)  (479 113)  (458 408)  Dividend received  24.5  -  -  -  395 889  Taxation paid  24.6  (852)  -  -  -  Net cash inflow/(outflow) from operating  activities  58 206  5 430  (541 529)  (120 860)  Cash flows from investing activities  Additions to investment properties  3  (1 040 387)  (198 217)  (46 765)  (116 176)  Surplus in share purchase scheme paid  to participants  4  (22 232)  (22 162)  (22 232)  (22 162)  Repayment of share purchase scheme loans  4  80 083  71 252  80 083  71 252  Acquisition of property and equipment  (9 765)  (4 431)  (2 324)  (1 125)  Additional investment in subsidiaries  6  -  -  (469 999)  (10 043)  Advance of loan to subsidiaries  10  -  -  (749 052)  (549 247)  Proceeds from subsidiaries  -  -  1 032 820  531 121  Acquisition of intangible assets  5  (5 391)  (1 921)  (3 365)  (1 474)  Acquisition of unlisted investment  (5 500)  (650)  (5 500)  (651)  Additional investment in equity-accounted  investees  (219 481)  (22 284)  (15 325)  (17 337)  Net cash outflow from investing activities  (1 222 673)  (178 413)  (201 659)  (115 842)  Cash flows from financing activities  Proceeds from loans and borrowings  16.1  2 143 008  252 637  656 744  240 937  Repayment of loans and borrowings  16.1  (1 474 329)  (366 131)  (497 553)  (366 131)  Proceeds from the issue of shares  14  596 577  419 304  596 577  419 304  Share issue costs  14  (5 799)  (2 277)  (5 799)  (2 277)  Repayment of lease obligations  (32 331)  (32 867)  (1 522)  (1 423)  Net cash inflow from financing activities  1 227 126  270 666  748 447  290 410  Net cash inflow for the year  62 659  97 683  5 259  53 708  Effects of movements in exchange rate on  cash held  (11 399)  (2 963)  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning  of year  171 073  76 353  76 950  23 242  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year  12  222 333  171 073  82 209  76 950   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## 1.1 Reporting entity

Stor-Age  Property  REIT  Limited  (the  'company')  is  a  company  domiciled  in  South  Africa.  The  address  of  the company's registered office is 216 Main Road, Claremont, Cape Town.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  include  the  financial  statements  of  Stor-Age  Property  REIT  Limited,  its subsidiary companies and equity-accounted investments (together referred to as the 'group').

## 1.2 Basis of preparation

Statement of compliance

The group and company financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), the Financial Reporting Pronouncements as issued by the Financial Reporting Standards Council, the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa and the JSE Listings Requirements. The financial statements were authorised by the board of directors for release on 20 June 2022.

## 1.3 Basis of measurement

The  financial  statements  are  prepared  on  the  historical  cost  basis,  except  for  investment  properties,  unlisted investments and derivative financial instruments which are measured at fair value.

The financial statements are prepared on the going concern basis and the accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently across the group and company, unless otherwise stated.

When the reporting period of the holding company is different to that of the subsidiary or joint venture, the subsidiary or joint venture prepares, for the use of the holding company, financial statements as at the same date as the consolidated financial statements of the group.

## Functional and presentation currency

These financial statements are presented in South African Rand (R), which is the company's functional currency and group's presentation currency. Amounts have been rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise indicated.

## New and amended standards adopted by the group

The amendments made to standards effective for the current financial year, listed below, did not have a material impact on the financial statements.

- Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2 (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16)

The group has voluntarily changed its accounting policies in relation to transfers to and from the non-distributable reserves. The impact of the change in accounting policy is disclosed on note 35. The other amendments adopted did not have any impact on the amounts recognised in prior periods.

## Standards, amendments and interpretations issued but not yet effective at the reporting date

A number of new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for the current reporting year end and have not been applied in preparing these financial statements. All standards will be adopted at their effective date.

FINACL ST A TEMNS

| Title of standard or  interpretation  Effective for  reporting period  ending  Nature of change  Impact on financial  statements  Amendment to  IFRS 3  31 March 2023  Reference to the Conceptual  Framework.  The changes have  been assessed and will  not have a material  impact on the financial  statements.  Amendment to  IAS 16  31 March 2023  Proceeds from the sale of items  before the related item of PPE is  available for use should be  recognised in profit or loss.  The changes have  been assessed and will  not have a material  impact on the financial  statements.  Amendment to  IAS 37  31 March 2023  The amendments clarify the types of  costs included as the 'costs of  fulfilling a contract' when assessing  whether a contract is onerous.  The changes have  been assessed and will  not have a material  impact on the financial  statements.  Annual  improvements  cycle 2018-2020  31 March 2023  The amendments to IFRS 1 and  IFRS 9 provides clarity on the first-time  adoption of full IFRS by a subsidiary  and the '10 percent test' for the  derecognition of financial liabilities  respectively.  The changes have  been assessed and will  not have a material  impact on the financial  statements.  Amendments to  IAS 12  31 March 2024  The amendments clarify how to  account for deferred tax on certain  transactions such as leases and  decommissioning provisions.  The changes have  been assessed and will  not have a material  impact on the financial  statements.  Amendments to  IAS 8  31 March 2024  The  amendments  introduce  a  new  definition for accounting estimates.  The changes have  been assessed and will  not have a material  impact on the financial  statements.  Amendment to IAS 1  31 March 2024  The amendment to IAS 1 provides  clarity on the requirements for  classifying a liability as current or  non-current.  The changes have  been assessed and will  not have a material  impact on the financial  statements.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## for the year ended 31 March 2022

## 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 1.4 Key judgements and sources of estimation uncertainty

The preparation of group and company financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making judgements about carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

Judgements  made  by  management  in  the  application  of  IFRS  that  have  a  significant  effect  on  the  financial statements  and  estimates  with  a  significant  risk  of  material  adjustment  in  the  following  year  are  discussed  in note 28.

## 1.5 Basis of consolidation 1.5.1 Investment in subsidiaries

The group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is transferred to the group. The consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally measured at fair value as are the identifiable net assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment. Any gain on a bargain purchase is recognised in profit or loss.

The group has applied a concentration test to determine whether the acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a business and no further assessment is required. The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets.

The group financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the company and its subsidiary companies. Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the group. The group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the group financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which control ceases.

Intra-group balances and transactions, and all income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated.

The accounting policies of the subsidiary companies are consistent with those of the holding company.

In the company's separate financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

## 1.5.2 Investment in joint venture

A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the group has joint control and derives benefits from the net assets of the arrangement.

In the consolidated financial statements the investment in joint venture is recognised using the equity method of accounting. In the separate financial statements the investment in joint venture is accounted for at cost.

Under the equity accounting method the investment is initially recognised at cost, which includes transaction costs. Subsequently  the  consolidated  financial  statements  include  the  group's  share  of  profit  or  loss  and  other comprehensive income of joint venture until the date on which the group loses joint control.

Unrealised gains and losses arising from transactions with the joint venture are eliminated to the extent of the group's interest in the joint venture. Unrealised losses are only eliminated to the extent that there is no indication of impairment.

Where the group has a long-term loan with a joint venture, whose carrying value has been reduced to nil due to the group's share of losses, the group first recognises any expected credit losses on the long-term loan. The group only recognises further equity accounted losses for the current year to the extent that the remaining long-term loan balance allows.

## 1.6 Investment properties

## Investment properties

Investment properties are properties held to earn rental income and appreciate in capital value.

The cost of investment properties comprises the purchase price and directly attributable expenditure. Subsequent expenditure relating to investment properties is capitalised when it is probable that future economic benefits from the use of the asset will be derived. All other subsequent expenditure is recognised as an expense in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

Subsequent to initial recognition investment properties are measured at fair value. Fair values are determined annually on the open market value basis, using the discounted cash flow method. Valuations are performed as at the reporting date, either internally by the directors or externally by professional valuers, who hold recognised and relevant  professional  qualifications  and  have  recent  experience  in  the  location  and  category  of  investment properties being valued. These valuations form the basis for the carrying amount in the financial statements. The fair value of investment properties do not reflect purchaser's cost, future capital expenditure that will improve or enhance the property and do not reflect the related future benefits from this expenditure other than those a rational market participant would take into account when determining the value of the property. Realised and unrealised gains or losses arising from changes in fair value are included in profit or loss for the period in which they arise.

On disposal of investment properties, the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the fair value at the date of the last financial reporting period (plus any subsequent capital expenditure post the reporting date) is charged or credited to profit or loss.

When the group begins to  redevelop  an  existing  investment  property  for  continued  future  use  as  investment property, the property remains an investment property, which is measured based on the fair value model.

## 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 1.6 Investment properties (continued)

Investment properties under development

Undeveloped land and property under construction or development for future use as investment properties is classified as investment properties under development and is measured at fair value at each reporting date.

All costs (including salary costs) directly associated with the purchase and construction of a property, and all subsequent capital expenditures for the development qualifying as acquisition costs, are capitalised.

## Leasehold investment properties

Leasehold properties, held as right-of-use assets, are classified as investment properties and included at fair value in  accordance with the IAS 40 elective. The obligation to the lessor is included in the statement of financial position  at  the  present  value  of  the  future  lease  payments  at  inception,  and  is  shown  within  note  30.  Lease payments are apportioned between finance charges and a reduction of the outstanding lease obligation so as to achieve a constant rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability.

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs are capitalised to the extent that they are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset. Capitalisation of borrowing costs commences when the activities necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use are in progress and expenditures and borrowing costs are being incurred. Capitalisation of borrowing costs continues until the assets are substantially ready for their intended use. The capitalisation rate is arrived at by reference to the actual rate payable on borrowings incurred specifically for development purposes, net of any investment income earned on the temporary investment of those borrowings, or, with  regard  to  that  part  of  development  cost,  financed  out  of  general  funds,  the  weighted  average  cost  of borrowings.

All other borrowing costs are expensed in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## 1.7 Property and equipment

Items of equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.

Depreciation  is  provided  on  the  straight-line  basis,  over  the  current  estimated  useful  lives  of  the  assets.  The estimated useful lives of the assets for the current periods are:

| Furniture and fixtures  6 years  Motor vehicles  5 years  Office equipment  3 years  Computer equipment and software  3 years  Leasehold improvements  Shorter of useful life and the lease term  Leased head office space  Shorter of useful life and the lease term  Fire and safety equipment  3 years  Solar panels  25 years   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reassessed annually. Subsequent expenditure relating to an item of property and equipment is capitalised when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with  the  item  will  flow  to  the  entity  and  the  cost  of  the  item  can  be  measured  reliably.  All  other  subsequent expenditure is expensed in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

Where parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property and equipment.

Gains or losses on the disposal of property and equipment are recognised in profit or loss. The gain or loss is the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset.

## 1.8 Financial instruments

A  financial  instrument  is  recognised  when  the  group  becomes  a  party  to  the  contractual  provisions  of  the instrument.

## 1.8.1 Non-derivative financial instruments

The group determines the classification of its financial assets on initial recognition when it becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. Financial assets are classified at fair value through profit or loss, fair value through other comprehensive income or at amortised cost depending on the group's business model for managing the assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows. Subsequently financial assets are not reclassified unless the group amends its business model for managing these financial assets.

On initial recognition financial assets are measured at fair value plus, for financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial assets. Subsequently the group measures financial assets either at amortised cost or fair value through profit or loss.

The group measures financial assets at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met:

- the objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows, in line with the group's business model, and;
- its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss unless it is measured at amortised cost.

The group's financial assets consist of :

## Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less loss allowance, as the group holds trade and other receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows. Tenant debtors are amounts due from customers for the leasing of space and are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional. Tenant debtors do not have a significant financing component. Tenants predominantly settle their debts within 30 days and are therefore classified as current assets.

The group adopts the simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. Further details are set out in note 26.3.2.

## Staff loans

The expected credit losses method use for interest free loans granted to employees is based on the 12-month expected credit loss basis. Further details are set out in note 26.3.1.

## Related party receivables

The 12-month expected credit losses basis has been used to determine the impairment allowance as the receivable has not suffered a significant increase in credit risk and the risk of default is low. Refer to note 26.3.1 for further details.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

## 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 1.8 Financial instruments (continued)

## 1.8.1 Non-derivative financial instruments (continued)

## Sundry receivables

The  12-month  expected  credit  losses  basis  has  been  used  to  determine  the  impairment  allowance.  Refer  to note 26.3.1 for further details.

## Cash and cash equivalents and derivative financial assets

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the group's cash management are included as a component of cash and cash  equivalents  for  the  purpose  of  the  statement  of  cash  flows.  Cash  and  cash  equivalents  are  carried  at amortised cost which approximates fair value. Derivattive financial assets comprise forward exchange contracts, cross-currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps held with counterparties with good credit ratings.

## Intercompany receivable

Intercompany receivables are measured at initial recognition at fair value, and are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less a loss allowance. The 12-month expected credit losses basis has been applied to these receivables. Further details are set out in note 26.3.1.

## Stor-Age share purchase scheme loans

Stor-Age share purchase scheme loans are granted to employees and the executive directors to purchase Stor-Age shares.  Stor-Age  share  purchase  scheme  loans  are  initially  recognised  at  fair  value,  and  are  subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less a loss allowance. The expected credit losses that may arise on the share purchase scheme loans over the next 12 month in determining the expected credit loss. Further details are set out in note 26.3.1.

## Unlisted investment

The group measures the unlisted investment initially at cost and subsequently at fair value through profit or loss. Transaction costs incurred on initial recognition is expensed to profit or loss. Any returns earned on the investment is recognised in profit or loss as income when the group's right to receive payment is established.

The group derecognises financial  assets  when  its  rights  to  receive  cash  flows  from  the  financial  assets  have expired or substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred.

## 1.8.1.1 Financial liabilities

Initial recognition of financial liabilities is at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial  recognition, these financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method except for the derivative financial liabilities which are measured at fair value through profit or loss. A financial liability is derecognised when the contractual obligation under the liability is discharged, cancelled or expires.

## 1.8.1.2 Offsetting

Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the statements of financial position only when there is a legally enforceable right to set off and there is intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Income and expense items are offset  only  to  the  extent  that  their  related  instruments  have  been  offset  in  the statements of financial position.

## 1.8.2 Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting

The group's derivative financial instruments comprise interest rate swaps, cross currency interest rate swaps and forward exchange contracts and that are either assets or liabilities. The group utilises the derivative instruments to hedge its exposure to interest rate and foreign currency risks arising from operational, financing and investment activities. In accordance with its treasury policy, the group does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The group does not apply hedge accounting.

Derivative financial instruments are recognised initially at fair value. Attributable transaction costs are recognised in profit or loss when incurred. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are measured at fair value. Both realised and unrealised gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are included in fair value adjustments in profit or loss.

## 1.9 Goodwill and intangible assets

## Goodwill

Goodwill  only  arises  on  acquisition  of  a  business  and  represents  the  difference  between  the  consideration transferred for the acquisition and the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired on acquisition date.

Goodwill is stated at cost less any accumulated impairment losses and is not amortised. Goodwill is allocated to cash generating units and is tested annually for impairment and whenever there is an indication of impairment. A gain on bargain purchases arising on acquisition is recognised directly in profit or loss.

## Intangible assets

Intangible assets acquired are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses.

Subsequent expenditure incurred on intangible assets are capitalised only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which it relates. All other expenditure is expensed as incurred.

Amortisation is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible assets from the date that they are available for use unless such lives are indefinite. Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are systematically tested for impairment at each reporting date and whenever there is an indication of impairment. Intangible assets with a finite useful life  is  tested  for  impairment  at  any  point  when  indicators  of impairment are present.

The estimated useful lives for the period is as follows:

| Intangible asset relating to the amalgamation and merger of Stor-Age Self Storage Proprietary Limited Storage King UK and European brand* Website  Indefinite  Indefinite  3 years   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  Storage King owns the UK and European brand rights in perpetuity

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 1.10 Leases

The group leases certain properties classified as investment properties and head office space.

On the lease commencement date the right-of-use assets and related lease liabilities are recognised. The lease liability  is  measured  by  including  fixed  payments  from  the  commencement  date,  certain  variable  payments, residual value guarantees and termination penalties. The lease payments are discounted at the group's incremental borrowing rate. To determine the incremental borrowing rate the group utilised its weighted average incremental borrowing rate adjusted for specific terms of each lease. On initial recognition the right-of use asset is measured the same amount as the lease liability adjusted for any initial direct costs less any lease incentives received. Lease payments are allocated between interest expense, recognised in profit or loss, and reducing the lease liability.

Subsequently the right-of-use asset for leasehold properties is measured in terms of IAS 40 Investment Property and recognised at fair value. The right-of-use asset for leased office space is recognised in terms of IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment and depreciated using the straight-line method from the inception of the lease to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the asset or the end of the lease term.

Lease payments made under short-term contracts for equipment and low-value assets are recognised on a straightline basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases have a lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value assets comprise IT equipment and small items of office furniture.

## 1.11 Inventories

Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventories is based on the first-in, first-out (FIFO) principle.

The cost of inventories includes the costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition for sale.

Inventories relate to packaging materials.

## 1.12 Impairment

## 1.12.1 Financial assets

For financial assets recognised at amortised cost, the group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses.

In performing a significant increase in credit risk assessment the group considers reasonable and supportable information  that  is  available  without  undue  cost  or  effort.  This  includes  forward-looking  information,  historical experience, quantitative and qualitative experience. The following indicators are considered:

- actual or anticipated significant adverse changes in business or economic conditions that is expected to cause a significant change to the related party's ability to meet its obligations.
- actual or anticipated significant changes in the operating results of the borrower
- significant increase in credit risk on other financial instruments of the related party
- significant  changes  in  the  value  of  the  collateral  supporting  the  obligation  or  in  the  quality  of  third-party guarantees or credit enhancements

The group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses except for cash and cash equivalents for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition. The group adopts the policy for loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets to be measured at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses using the simplified approach. The group estimates the expected credit losses over the maximum contractual period it has exposure to credit risk.

The group defines the default on a financial asset when the counterparty fails to make contractual payments within 60 days of when they fall due. The group also considers a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation that the contractual cash flows will be recovered. For tenant debtors, the outstanding balance is only written off after proceeds are received from the auction of the tenant's goods.

Expected credit losses are discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset and represent a probabilityweighted estimate of credit losses.

Financial assets subsequently measured at amortised cost are disclosed net of a loss allowance.

## 1.12.2 Non-financial assets

The carrying amount of the group's non-financial assets, other than investment property and investment property under  development,  are  reviewed  at  each  reporting  date  to  determine  whether  there  is  any  indication  of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is estimated.

The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present values using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generate cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of the other assets or groups of assets (the 'cash generating unit').

An  impairment  loss  is  recognised  if  the  carrying  amount  of  an  asset  or  its  cash  generating  unit  exceeds  its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses in respect of cash generating units are first allocated to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units, and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets on a pro-rata basis. Impairment losses in respect of goodwill are not reversed.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested at least annually for impairment. Impairment of goodwill is never reversed.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 1.13 Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the group has present legal or constructive obligations arising from past events, from which outflows of economic benefits are probable, and where reliable estimates can be made of the amount of the obligations. Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. A bonus provision is raised as the amount payable is uncertain. Details pertaining to the group's provisions are set out in note 18.

## 1.14 Revenue

## Property revenue

Rental income is measured based on the consideration set out in the lease agreements with tenants. The contractual terms of the leases are month-to-month. Rental income, insurance and fees are recognised over the term of the lease.

Revenue from the sale of packaging materials (other income) is recognised when the group satisfies the performance obligation by transferring the packaging materials to the customer. Revenue from the sale of packaging material is recognised at the transaction price, excluding Value Added Tax.

## Other revenue

Other revenue comprises management fees and dividend income from subsidiaries. Management fees include property management fees, asset management fees, licence fees, acquisition fees and development fees.

Property management fees, asset management fees and development fees are recognised in profit or loss when the  performance  obligations  are  met.  The  performance  obligations  are  satisfied  over  a  period  of  time  and therefore revenue is recognised in profit or loss over a period of time. Acquisition fees are recognised in revenue once the performance obligations are settled at a point in time when earned.

Dividends  income  from  subsidiaries  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  when  the  shareholder's  right  to  receive payment  has  been  established.  Revenue  for  the  company  also  includes  dividends  income  from  subsidiary companies, which is recognised in the period in which they are declared.

## 1.15 Direct property costs

Direct property costs include all expenses incurred in the daily operations of the investment property such as repairs and maintenance, marketing expenses, rates charges as well as other utility costs. Direct property costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

## 1.16 Interest expense

Interest  expense comprises interest on borrowings. Interest expense incurred on qualifying investment property assets are capitalised until the assets are substantially ready for use. All other interest expense is recognised in profit or loss at the effective interest rate of the instrument.

## 1.17 Interest income

Interest income is recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method for financial assets measured at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated on the gross carrying amount of the financial assets by applying the effective interest rate unless subsequently the financial asset is credit-impaired. Interest income on credit-impaired financial assets are calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the carrying amount of the financial asset, less the loss allowance.

## 1.18 Operating profit

Operating profit is defined as profit before fair value adjustments, restructure of loans and borrowings, unrealised foreign  exchange  movements,  impairments  of  assets  (excluding  tenant  debtors),  amortisation,  depreciation, interest and taxation.

## 1.19 Net property operating income

Net property operating income is defined as revenue from rental income and other income less direct property costs.

## 1.20 Tax

The tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income.

Current tax comprises tax payable calculated on the basis of the expected taxable income for the period, using the tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

Deferred tax is provided based on temporary differences. Temporary differences are differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases. Except for investment property, the amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

The following temporary differences are not provided for: the initial recognition of goodwill, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit, and differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that they probably will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the associated unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are only offset if certain criteria are met.

In terms of the applicable REIT legislation, the distribution to shareholders qualifies as a deduction against its taxable income provided that not less than 75% of its total income relates to rental income. Each company is assessed individually as to whether it meets the qualifying criteria. Should the qualifying distribution exceed the taxable income, the deduction is limited to the taxable income. Should the qualifying distribution be less than the taxable income then the remaining taxable income will be taxed at normal tax rates as applicable.

In terms of the REIT legislation, any capital gains/losses determined in respect of the sale by a REIT or a controlled property company of (1) investment property, (2) a share in a REIT or (3) a share in a controlled company, will be  disregarded  for  capital  gains.  The  capital  gains/losses  will  vest  in  the  shareholders  hands  upon  sale of the shares.

## 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 1.21 Segment reporting

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The chief operating decision maker is the person that allocates resources to and assesses the performance of the operating segments of an entity. The chief operating decision maker reviews the internal management reports  monthly.  The  group  has  determined  that  its  chief  operating  decision  maker  is  the  chief executive officer of the company.

Segmental information is based on the nature of the business activities for which the properties are used. The group earns revenue in the form of rentals from the tenants of its investment properties.

The group comprises the following main geographical operating segments:

- South Africa
- Western Cape
- Gauteng
- Free State
- Kwazulu-Natal
- Eastern Cape
- United Kingdom

IFRS has been used for measurement and recognition of the segment results. Segment results include revenue and expenses directly attributable to a segment and the relevant portion of enterprise revenue and expenses that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to a segment. Segment assets and liabilities comprise those assets and liabilities that are directly attributable to the segment on a reasonable basis.

## 1.22 Employee benefits

The cost of all short term employee benefits is recognised as an expense during the period in which the employee renders the related service. Short-term employee benefits are measured on an undiscounted basis. The accrual for employee entitlements to salaries and annual leave represent the amount which the group has a present obligation to pay as a result of employees' services provided to the reporting date.

## 1.23 Stated capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown as a deduction of the issue proceeds, net of tax, within equity.

## 1.24 Foreign currency

## 1.24.1 Foreign currency transactions

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the average exchange rates for the relevant month. These average exchange rates approximate the spot rate at the date of the transaction. Gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions, and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at closing rates, are recognised in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

## 1.24.2 Foreign currency translation reserve

Foreign operation assets and liabilities are translated into the group's presentation currency at the exchange rates at the reporting date. The statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of foreign operations are translated into the group's presentation currency at the exchange rates at the dates of the transaction (the group uses an average exchange rate per month).

On consolidation, exchange rate differences arising from the translation of foreign controlled subsidiaries are recognised in other comprehensive income. These exchange differences are accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve, except where the translation differences are allocated to non-controlling interests. The cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or loss when the foreign operation is disposed of.

## 1.25 Share-based payment

The share-based payment reserve relates to the grant-date fair value of the equity-settled share-based payment arrangement  granted  to  executive  directors  and  employees  over  the  vesting  period  of  the  awards.  The corresponding share-based payment charge is recognised in administration expenses in profit or loss.

The group's conditional share plan comprises performance awards and retention awards, which are classified as equity-settled share based payment arrangements. The awards are granted to employees in exchange for services to be rendered to the group over the vesting period. The share-based payment charge recognised in profit or loss is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related service and non-market performance conditions are expected to be met. At the reporting date, the group revises its estimate of the number of shares granted that are expected to vest.

Diluted  earnings  and  diluted  headline  earnings  per  share  is  calculated  by  taking  into  account  the  impact  of conditional shares granted.

## 1.26 Non-controlling interest

The non-controlling interest reserve represents the portion of equity ownership in the subsidiary that is not attributable to the parent company.

The group makes the election to measure non-controlling interest  either  at  fair  value  or  at  the  non-controlling interest's proportionate share of the investee's' identifiable net assets at the acquisition date. The policy choice for the measurement of non-controlling interest is made on a combination-by-combination basis.

Changes in the group's ownership of the subsidiary that do not result in a gain or loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions.

## 1.27 Dividends declared

Dividends and other distributions to the holders of equity instruments, in their capacity as owners, are recognised directly in equity on the date of declaration.

## 1.28 Earnings and headline earnings per share

Earnings per share is calculated on the weighted average number of shares in issue, net of shares that are not entitled to receive dividends, in the current year and is based on the profit after tax for the year attributable to the parent. Headline earnings per share is calculated in terms of the requirements set out in Circular 1/2021, issued by SAICA.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 2. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The group and company has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:

- credit risk
- liquidity risk
- market risk

This  note  presents  information  about the group's exposure to each of the above risks, the group's objectives, policies  and  processes  for  measuring  and  managing  risk,  and  the  group's  management  of  capital.  Further quantitative disclosures are included throughout these financial statements (refer to note 26).

The board of directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the group's risk management framework. The board has delegated the responsibility for developing and monitoring the group's risk management policies to the executive directors. The executive directors report to the board of directors on their activities. The group audit and risk committee oversees how the executive directors monitor compliance with the group's risk management policies and procedures and reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by the group.

The group's risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the group and company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies  and  procedures  are  reviewed  regularly  to  reflect  changes  in  market  conditions  and  the  group's  and company's activities.

## 2.1 Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the group if a tenant or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations, and arises principally from the group's trade and other receivables, loans, derivative financial assets and cash and cash equivalents. Credit risk to the company is the risk of financial loss to the company if a subsidiary for whose loans security has been provided, fails to meet its contractual obligations.

## Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables relate mainly to the group's tenants, related party receivables, staff loans, sundry receivables and deposits with municipalities and local councils. The group's exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each tenant or client in the case of the group's Digital 1st initiative. The diversified tenant base and client base ensures that there is no significant concentration risk.

Management has established a credit policy for tenant debtors whereby the terms and conditions of the rental agreement require, in the majority of the cases, the provision of a deposit of at least one month's rental (South Africa only). Tenant's goods are also pledged as security for the fulfilment of the tenant's payment obligations in terms of the rental agreement.

## Stor-Age share purchase scheme loans

The group's and company's exposure to credit risk is influenced by the security provided for the loans and also the characteristics of each borrower who is an employee of the group. The risk of defaults on the repayment of the loans is low as the loans are only issued via the scheme to directors and employees and the shares are pledged as security. The group recognises an impairment loss allowance based either on the 12-month expected credit loss  or  lifetime  expected  credit  loss  depending  on  the  outcome  of  the  significant  increase  in  credit  risk assessment.

## Cash and cash equivalents

The group and company limits its exposure to credit risk by only placing funds with reputable financial institutions for  investing  and  cash  handling  purposes.  The  Moody's  credit  ratings  for  these  financial  institutions  are  as follows:

| Long-term rating  HSBC Bank  A1  First National Bank  Ba2  Investec Bank  Ba2  Standard Bank of South Africa  Ba2  Nedbank  Ba2  Royal Bank of Scotland  A2  Lloyds Bank  A1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Impairment losses on cash and cash equivalents is measured on a 12-month expected credit loss basis. The group considers that its cash and cash equivalents have low credit risk based on the Moody's external credit ratings of these financial institutions.

## Derivative financial assets

The group and company mitigates its exposure to credit risk by entering into derivative contracts with reputable counterparties. The Moody's credit ratings for these counterparties are as follows:

| Long-term rating  HSBC Bank  A1  Santander  A2  Investec Bank  Ba2  Standard Bank of South Africa  Ba2  Nedbank  Ba2   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2.2 Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the group and company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The group's and company's approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it always has sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the group's reputation.

The  group  and  company  monitor  cash  flow  requirements  taking  account  of  forecast  rentals  receivable  and operating expenditure on a monthly basis. Surplus funds are utilised to reduce borrowings or are placed in deposit accounts at the best possible interest rate. Typically the group ensures that it has sufficient cash on demand to meet expected operational expenses, including the servicing of financial obligations. This excludes the potential impact of extreme circumstances that cannot reasonably be predicted, such as natural disasters. In addition the group has negotiated certain lines of credit with financial institutions, as set out in note 26.4.

## 2.3 Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates and equity prices will affect the group's and company's income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 2. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 2.3 Market risk (continued)

## Interest rate risk

The group and company is mainly exposed to interest rate risk and adopts a policy of ensuring that an appropriate amount of its exposure to changes in interest rates on borrowings is on a fixed rate basis. This is achieved by entering into interest rate swaps as hedges of the variability in cash flows attributable to interest rate risk. All such transactions are carried out within the guidelines set by the board of directors.

## Currency risk

The group is exposed to currency risk on its initial capital exposure as well as the underlying earnings as a result of operations in the United Kingdom. The group uses cross-currency interest rate swaps as part of its treasury management, effectively matching the currency of debt with the currency of an asset. Cash flows from its operations in the United Kingdom are exposed to movements in the Rand/Pound exchange rate. To manage the impact of currency  volatility,  the  group  has  adopted  a  progressive  policy  of  hedging  projected  forward  net  cash  flow derived in  foreign  currency.  The  group  does  not  enter  into  any  further  arrangements  to  hedge  the  impact  of currency fluctuations on distributable earnings.

## Price risk

The group is exposed to price risk due to its investment in an unlisted investment. The risk to the group is not material and no hedges have been put in place to manage this risk.

## 2.4 Capital risk management

The group and company policy is to maintain a strong capital base, comprising its shareholders' interest so as to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence and to sustain future development of the business. It is the group and company's stated purpose to deliver long-term sustainable growth in dividends per share.

The capital structure of the group consists of debt, which includes the borrowings disclosed in note 16, cash and cash equivalents disclosed in note 12, and share capital as disclosed in note 14. In order to maintain or adjust the  capital  structure,  the  group  may  adjust  the  amount  of  distributions  paid  to  shareholders,  return  capital  to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt if required.

As a Real Estate Investment Trust ('REIT'), the company is required to declare 75% of its distributable profit as a distribution to maintain its REIT status. The board has elected (subject to the availability of cash resources and legislative requirements) to declare 100% of the distributable profit of the group as a distribution on a bi-annual basis.

As a result of the group's distribution policy, capital expansion is funded through a combination of debt and equity funding. The group is subject to various loan covenants as disclosed in note 16.1 with the most onerous limit on loan to value ('LTV') of 45%. The group comfortably complied with these covenants. Refer to note 16.3 which sets out the group's LTV calculation.

The  board  of  directors  assesses  the  distribution  policy  on  an  ongoing  basis  and  ensures  compliance  with regulations and that no profits of a capital nature are distributed. There were no changes in the group's approach to capital management during the year.

3.

3.1

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  INVESTMENT PROPERTIES  Fair value of investment properties  Historical cost  ^  6 996 528  5 931 378  422 435  345 404  Subsequent expenditure capitalised  798 013  577 140  345 421  289 299  Fair value adjustment  1 770 461  1 128 148  (393)  (14 158)  Remeasurement of lease obligations  393  393  -  -  Exchange differences  (30 395)  232 262  -  -  Carrying amount at end of year  9 535 000  7 869 321  767 463  620 544  Movement in investment properties:  Carrying amount at start of year  7 869 321  7 074 287  620 544  485 653  Additions to investment property  1 065 150  37 656  109 531  37 656  Disposal of investment property  #  -  -  (32 500)  -  Remeasurement of lease obligations  -  393  -  -  Subsequent expenditure capitalised*  220 873  183 422  56 123  101 297  Fair value adjustment  642 313  803 242  13 765  (4 062)  Exchange differences  (262 657)  (229 679)  -  -  Carrying amount at end of year  9 535 000  7 869 321  767 463  620 544   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^ In the current year the Springfield leasehold property has been included into the historical cost balance. The comparative has been represented accordingly.

# The company disposed of one of its properties (Morningside) to SSS JV 1 Proprietary Limited, a 100% held subsidiary.

*   Includes interest capitalised of R15.9 million (2021: R16.2 million) for the group and R10.8 million (2021: R15.9 million) for the company.

A register of investment properties is available for inspection at the company's registered office. Details pertaining to the group's leasehold properties are set out in note 30.

In the UK, the group acquired a trading self storage property in Blackpool from an independent operator for £3.9 million in April 2021 and the McCarthy's Storage World portfolio of four properties located in Yorkshire for £37.6 million in January 2022. In SA, the group acquired two trading self storage properties from independent operators for an aggregated consideration of R108 million.

The group's property, Waterfall, based in KwaZulu-Natal suffered extensive damage during the violent disorder that took place in July 2021. The group's SASRIA insurance claim for the building damage of R51.7 million was settled  in  full  in  January  2022  and  is  reflected  as  other  income  in  the  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other comprehensive income.

All investment properties, except for those under development, have generated rental income during the current year. Repairs and maintenance arising from investment properties that generated rental income during the year amounted to R9.6 million (2021: R6.5 million). The carrying amount of investment properties held for development amount to R237.2 million (2021: R282.1 million).

Investment properties with a fair value of R8.42 billion (2021: R7.22 billion) at the reporting date are pledged as security for the loans and borrowings set out in note 16.

Capital commitments pertaining to improvements to existing investment properties and new property developments are set out in note 3.3.

The  fair  value  measurement  for  investment  properties  has  been  categorised  as  level  3  under  the  fair  value hierarchy based on the inputs to the valuation technique used. There have been no transfers to or from Level 3 in the year.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 3. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.1 Fair value of investment properties (continued)

In line with the group's policy, 50% of the South African trading portfolio was valued by independent valuers at the year end reporting date and 50% at the interim reporting date. The properties not valued independently on each reporting date are valued internally by the directors using the same methodology as the external valuers.

All properties in the UK trading portfolio are valued by independent valuers at year end. At the interim reporting date the properties are valued internally by the directors using the same methodology as the external valuers.

In  line  with  this  policy,  the  table  below  sets  out  the  number  of  trading  properties  the  board  elected  to  have externally valued:

| South Africa  United Kingdom  Total  Number of  properties  Value  (R million)  Number of  properties  Value  (R million)  Number of  properties  Value  (R million)  31 March 2022  Internally valued  26  2 238.1  -  -  26  2 238.1  Externally valued  27  2 615.2  26  4 444.6  53  7 059.8  53  4 853.3  26  4 444.6  79  9 297.9  31 March 2021  Internally valued  25  2 130.7  -  -  25  2 130.7  Externally valued  25  2 287.2  21  3 169.6  46  5 456.8  50  4 417.9  21  3 169.6  71  7 587.5   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All properties under construction and held for development are valued internally by the directors and have been excluded from the table above.

## Measurement of fair value of investment properties

The property valuations determine the current market value for the properties as may be achieved on the market after due consideration of all market forces. The property and its value-forming attributes are benchmarked against the current market and fair consideration is then applied in order to indicate what the value of the property may realise in the broader investment or end user market based on the principle of willing buyer and willing seller.

## Details of valuation-South Africa

Mr M Gibbons (NDPV, MIVSA) of Mills Fitchet Magnus Penny, who are independent and members of the South African Institute of Valuers, independently valued 17 properties in the South African portfolio at 31 March 2022.

Mr J Askew (FRICS) of Jones Lang LaSelle Limited (JLL), who are independent and members of the South African Institute of Valuers, independently valued 10 properties in the South African portfolio at 31 March 2022.

| ## South African properties  Valuation technique  Significant unobservable  inputs  Inter-relationship between  key unobservable inputs and  fair value measurements  The valuation methodology for freehold and long leasehold properties is based on a discounted cash flow of the net operating income over a 10 year period and notional sale of the asset at the end of the tenth year.  Net operating income is based on the projected revenue less projected direct operating costs, including a notional property management fee of 6.0% of annual revenue, subject to a cap and collar. For properties that have not reached a stabilised mature occupancy level, the growth in occupancy in future periods is calculated assuming a straight-line lease up to stabilised mature occupancy. The number of months to achieve stabilised mature occupancy is based on an estimate taking account of the historical lease up of the property being valued and experience from similar properties in the portfolio.  The projected revenue and costs are adjusted for estimated revenue growth and cost inflation. The discount rates applied to future cash flow have been estimated by reference to underlying market yields for industrial and retail property and inflation. Any outstanding costs to take an investment property from its current state to completion and full fit-out is deducted from the valuation.  For short leasehold properties, the same methodology has been used as for freehold and long leasehold properties, except that no sale of the property in the tenth year is assumed but the discounted cash flow is extended to the expiry of the lease.  For investment properties held for development the same methodology is used as set out above but on the basis of the cash flow projection expected for the property at opening and allowing for the outstanding costs to take each store from its current state to completion and full fit out including a contingency where appropriate.  - (a)  Financial information used to calculate forecast net income - e.g. stabilised occupancy levels, expected future growth in revenue and operating costs.  - (b)  Discount rate - between 13.00% and 15.00% (2021: between 13.50% and 15.00%).  - (c)  Exit capitalisation rate (freehold and long leasehold properties) - between 8.00% and 9.25% (2021: between 8.00% and 9.50%).  - (d)  Rental rate growth rates - between 5.0% and 8.0% with the exception of one property which was 9.0% in year 1(2021: between 6.0% and 8.0%).  - (e)  The operating costs inflation assumption - between 5.5% and 6.0% (2021: 6.0%).  - (f)   Stabilised occupancy - between 87.5% and 95.0% (2021: between 87.5% and 95.0%)  All other factors being equal, higher net operating income would lead to an increase in the valuation of an investment property and an increase in the capitalisation rate or discount rate would result in a lower valuation, and vice versa.  Higher assumptions for stabilised occupancy, lease up rates and rental rates and a lower assumption for operating costs, would result in an increase in projected net operating income, and thus an increase in valuation.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) for the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED) 3.1 Fair value of investment properties (continued) Details of valuation-United Kingdom

In the UK, the entire portfolio was valued independently by CBRE Limited (CBRE) - (22 properties) and Cushman and Wakefield (C&amp;W) - (four properties). The valuations were prepared in accordance with the version of the RICS Valuation - Global Standards (incorporating the International Valuation Standards) and the UK national supplement ('the Red Book') current as at the valuation date. The properties were valued reflecting purchaser's costs with full Stamp Duty Land Tax on a property transaction, as if they were sold directly as property assets. CBRE and C&amp;W were also instructed to prepare an additional valuation using a Special Assumption of purchaser's costs of 0% in accordance with the group's accounting policy for the valuation of investment properties.

The valuation of each investment property has been prepared on the basis of fair value as a fully equipped operational entity, having regard to trading potential.

The valuations have been provided for annual financial statements purposes and, as such, is a Regulated Purpose Valuation as defined in the Red Book (subject to the Special Assumption noted above).

In compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Red Book, CBRE and C&amp;W have confirmed that:

- CBRE does not provide other significant professional or agency services to the group;
- in relation to the preceding financial year of CBRE and C&amp;W, the proportion of the total fees payable by the group to the total fee income of the firm is less than 5%; and
- the fee payable to CBRE is a fixed amount per property and is not contingent on the appraised value.

## Valuation technique and significant unobservable inputs

The following table shows the valuation technique used in measuring the fair value of investment properties in the United Kingdom, as well as the significant unobservable inputs used:

| United Kingdom properties  Valuation technique  Significant unobservable  inputs  Inter-relationship between  key unobservable inputs and  fair value measurements  The valuation of the properties has been  prepared having regard to trading potential.  Cash flow projections have been prepared for  all of the properties reflecting estimated  lease-up, revenue growth and expense  inflation. A discounted cash flow method of  valuation based on these cash flow projections  has been used by CBRE to arrive at its opinion  of fair value for these properties.  For freehold and long leasehold, properties the  valuation is based on a discounted cash flow  of the net operating income over a 10 year  period and a notional sale of the asset at the  end of the tenth year. The same DCF  methodology is used for short leasehold  properties, except that the cash flows reflect  only the unexpired lease period from the date  of valuation.  Net operating income is based on projected revenue received less projected operating costs, including a property management fee based on a percentage of revenue, subject to a cap and collar. The initial net operating income is calculated by estimating the net operating income in the first twelve months following the valuation date.  The net operating income in future years is calculated assuming either straight line lease-up from day one actual occupancy or variable line lease-up over years one to four of the cash flow period, to an estimated stabilised/mature occupancy level. The projected revenues and costs have been adjusted for estimated cost inflation and revenue growth.  The capitalisation rates applied to existing and future net cash flows have been estimated by reference to underlying yields for industrial and retail warehouse property, yields for other trading property types such as purpose-built student housing and hotels, bank base rates, ten-year money rates, inflation and the available evidence of transactions in the sector.  The future net cash flow projections (including revenue growth and cost inflation) have been discounted at a rate that reflects the risk associated with each property.  (a)  Financial information used to  calculate forecast net income  - e.g. stabilised occupancy  levels, expected future  growth in revenue and  operating costs.  (b)   Discount rate - Freehold and  long leasehold properties  between 8.10% and  9.375%; Short leasehold  properties between  10.125% and 10.875%  (2021: Freehold and long  leasehold properties between  8.50% and 9.50%; Short  leasehold properties between  10.00% and 10.50%).  - (c)   Exit capitalisation rate (freehold and long leasehold properties) - between 5.50% and 6.750% (2021: between 5.625% and 6.625%).  - (d)   Rental rate growth ranges between 2.50% and 3.50% (2021: between 2.75% and 3.50%).  - (e) T  he operating costs inflation assumption ranges from 2.50% to 2.75% (2021:2.75%).  - (f)   Stabilised occupancy - between 85.0% and 94.0% (2021: between 79.0% and 94.0%)  All other factors being equal,  higher net operating income  would lead to an increase in the  valuation of an investment  property and an increase in the  capitalisation rate or discount  rate would result in a lower  valuation, and vice versa.  Higher assumptions for stabilised  occupancy, lease-up rates and  rental rates and a lower  assumption for operating costs,  would result in an increase in  projected net operating income,  and thus an increase in  valuation.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.1 Fair value of investment properties (continued)

Sensitivity of fair values to changes in significant key unobservable inputs

| Change in exit  capitalisation rates  Change in  market rentals  Change in  discount rates  Valuation  R million  -0.1%  R million  +0.1%  R million  -1%  R million  +1%  R million  -0.1%  R million  +0.1%  R million  31 March 2022  South Africa  5 090.4  25.2  (27.6)  (62.9)  62.8  29.8  (31.3)  United Kingdom  4 444.6  34.0  (32.7)  (57.0)  57.3  26.2  (26.8)  Total  9 535.0  59.2  (60.3)  (119.9)  120.1  56.0  (58.1)  31 March 2021  South Africa  4 699.7  34.7  (33.9)  (37.4)  37.4  18.1  (17.9)  United Kingdom  3 169.6  24.1  (23.5)  (71.9)  72.9  20.2  (18.8)  Total  7 869.3  58.8  (57.4)  (109.3)  110.3  38.3  (36.7)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.2 Acquisition of McCarthy's Storage World

On 31 January 2022 Stor-Age, through its UK subsidiary Betterstore, acquired the entire issued share capital of Project Mars Limited for R774.2 millions (£37.5 million). The acquisition was settled in cash to the vendors. Project Mars Limited is the holding company of the acquired McCarthy's Storage World properties.

In line with the group's accounting policies the transaction has been treated as an asset purchase on the basis that more that 90% of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is attributable to the investment properties.

Subsequent to the effective date of the transaction, Project Mars Limited changed its year end from 31 December to 31 March in order to align its financial year with the group.

The assets arising from the acquisition on 31 January 2022 are as follows:

| R'000  Investment properties*  774 040  Plant and equipment  117  Fair value of net identifiable assets acquired  774 157  ## Total purchase consideration  774 157  ## Net cash outflow on acquisition  774 157  Consideration financed by debt  330 307  Consideration financed by equity  443 850   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Acquisition-related  costs  of  R17.1  million  (£827,384) that were incurred to effect the transaction have been capitalised to the investment property.

*  The valuation technique used to determine the fair value of the investment property acquired is based on the group's accounting policy Amounts have been translated at GBP1 = R20.64 at the date of acquisition.

## 3.3 Capital commitments authorised

| Group  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Contracted for  188 947  142 872  Authorised but not contracted for  245 790  201 148  434 737  344 020   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The capital commitments relate to improvements to investment properties and new property developments. The commitments will be funded from the group's cash resources and borrowing facilities (see note 16).

## 4. STOR-AGE SHARE PURCHASE SCHEME LOANS

At the inaugural meeting held on 20 October 2015, shareholders approved and adopted the Stor-Age Share Purchase and Option Scheme (the 'Scheme'). The rules of the Scheme were amended in 2018 to increase the maximum number of shares which may be granted to the participants from 17 687 634 shares to 20 000 000 shares in the company at any time. No new shares were granted to participants under the Scheme in the current and prior year.

The Scheme serves as a mechanism to create ownership opportunities for the executive directors and selected employees whereby they are offered the opportunity to acquire Stor-Age shares by way of an interest-bearing loan.

| 2022  Number of  shares  2021  Number of  shares  Maximum number of shares available for the Scheme  20 000 000  20 000 000  Shares issued to participants  At start of year  12 638 154  16 398 139  Sold during the year  (5 090 304)  (3 759 985)  Issued during the year  -  -  At end of year  7 547 850  12 638 154  Shares available for the Scheme  3 280 560  3 280 560   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The shares sold by scheme participants may not be reissued under the Scheme limit to other participants.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) for the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. STOR-AGE SHARE PURCHASE SCHEME LOANS (CONTINUED)

Reconciliation of shares owned by participants

| Number of  shares at  1 April  2021  Shares  issued  Shares  sold by  participants  Number of  shares at  31 March  2022  Issue 1  9 125 754  -  (3 891 347)  5 234 407  Issue 2  124 360  -  (67 360)  57 000  Issue 3  70 000  -  (70 000)  -  Issue 4a  338 040  -  (276 040)  62 000  Issue 4b  900 000  -  (150 000)  750 000  Issue 5  1 100 000  -  (300 000)  800 000  Issue 6  980 000  -  (335 557)  644 443  12 638 154  -  (5 090 304)  7 547 850  Number of  shares at  1 April  2020  Shares  issued  Shares  sold by  participants  Number of  shares at  31 March  2021  Issue 1  11 426 000  -  (2 300 246)  9 125 754  Issue 2  217 139  -  (92 779)  124 360  Issue 3  200 000  -  (130 000)  70 000  Issue 4a  675 000  -  (336 960)  338 040  Issue 4b  1 050 000  -  (150 000)  900 000  Issue 5  1 700 000  -  (600 000)  1 100 000  Issue 6  1 130 000  -  (150 000)  980 000  16 398 139  -  (3 759 985) 12 638 154   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reconciliation of movement in loan owed by participants

| Opening  balance at  1 April  2021  Interest  charged  Dividends  received  Settlement  of loan  Withdrawal  of surplus  Closing  balance at  31 March  2022  Issue 1  96 296  5 175  (6 346)  (53 857)  13 980  55 248  Issue 2  1 213  68  (84)  (861)  199  535  Issue 3  772  7  -  (866)  87  -  Issue 4a  4 017  146  (200)  (3 931)  644  676  Issue 4b  10 879  716  (873)  (2 175)  516  9 063  Issue 5  14 427  921  (1 107)  (4 295)  525  10 471  Issue 6  12 437  748  (843)  (4 645)  445  8 142  140 041  7 781  (9 453)  (70 630)  16 396  84 135   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Opening  balance at  1 April  2020  Interest  charged  Dividends  received  Settlement  of loan  Withdrawal  of surplus  Closing  balance at  31 March  2021  Issue 1  123 879  9 302  (12 428)  (34 412)  9 955  96 296  Issue 2  2 142  160  (224)  (1 144)  279  1 213  Issue 3  2 221  132  (185)  (1 731)  335  772  Issue 4a  8 095  547  (687)  (4 416)  478  4 017  Issue 4b  12 740  880  (1 146)  (2 046)  451  10 879  Issue 5  22 314  1 457  (1 775)  (7 799)  230  14 427  Issue 6  14 346  1 097  (1 233)  (2 026)  253  12 437  185 737  13 575  (17 678)  (53 574)  11 981  140 041   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Dividends received represents the dividends received on the Scheme shares held by a participant which is paid to the company. The proceeds are used to settle interest owing on the loan by the participant.

Settlement of the loan reflects the full proceeds on the sale of Scheme shares held by a participant which is paid to the company. The proceeds are used to settle the outstanding loan of the participant relating to the Scheme shares sold.

Withdrawal of surplus comprises:

- the net gain on the sale of Scheme shares held by a participant being the full proceeds from the sale of the Scheme shares less a proportionate amount of the outstanding loan at the date of sale; and
- the difference between the dividend received on the Scheme shares held by a participant relating to a dividend period less the interest owing on the loan for the same period. Under the rules of the Scheme, participants may elect to withdraw this surplus.

| Interest  rate  Outstanding  balance  Fair value  of shares at  31 March  2022  Issue 1  8.00%  55 247  77 365  Issue 2  8.31%  535  842  Issue 3  8.00%  -  -  Issue 4a  7.46%  676  916  Issue 4b  7.46%  9 064  11 085  Issue 5  7.19%  10 471  11 824  Issue 6  7.90%  8 142  9 525  Shares balance at 31 March 2022  84 135  111 557  Shares balance at 31 March 2021  140 041  165 559   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## for the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. STOR-AGE SHARE PURCHASE SCHEME LOANS (CONTINUED)

Reconciliation of movement in loan owed by participants (continued) Loans to directors and employees

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Directors  - SC Lucas  25 721  39 473  25 721  39 473  - GM Lucas  27 284  40 502  27 284  40 502  - SJ Horton  27 284  40 502  27 284  40 502  Employees  3 846  19 564  3 846  19 564  84 135  140 041  84 135  140 041   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The terms of the loans to directors and employees are as follows:

- The loans bear interest at a fixed interest rate per annum compounded monthly and capitalised to the loan.
- Dividends received on the shares held by the beneficiaries are applied against the interest payable.
- The loans are secured by a pledge and cession of the shares to the company.
- The maximum period for the repayment of the loans is ten years from the date of issue.
- In the event of the resignation or dismissal of a beneficiary, the loans are repayable within one year.
- In the event of the retrenchment or death of a beneficiary, the loans are repayable within two years.
- If  at  the  maturity  date  of  the  loan,  the  fair  value  of  the  shares  is  less  than  the  outstanding  loan  balance, the beneficiary will be liable for settling the difference.
- The loans are repayable in cash.

Dividends of R9.453 million (2021: R17.678 million) received by participants in the Scheme during the current year have been applied against the interest on the loans of R7.781 million (2021: R13.575 million).

No impairment allowances (refer to note 26.3) were made on the outstanding loan balances as at the end of the year.

## 5. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Goodwill  R'000  Stor-Age  Management  Agreement ^  R'000  Website  R'000  Storage King  brand  R'000  Total  R'000  Group  2022  Cost  121 852  -  12 518  17 014  151 384  Opening balance  124 880  -  7 395  18 126  150 401  Additions during the year*  -  -  5 211  -  5 211  Foreign exchange  movement  (3 028)  -  (88)  (1 112)  (4 228)  Accumulated amortisation  -  -  (5 678)  -  (5 678)  Opening balance  -  -  (3 382)  -  (3 382)  Amortisation for the year  -  -  (2 296)  -  (2 296)  Accumulated impairment  -  -  -  -  -  Opening balance  -  -  -  -  -  Impairment loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  Carrying amount at  31 March 2022  121 852  -  6 840  17 014  145 706  2021  Cost  124 880  -  7 395  18 126  150 401  Opening balance  128 907  -  5 586  19 603  154 096  Additions during the year*  -  -  1 921  -  1 921  Foreign exchange  movement  (4 027)  -  (112)  (1 477)  (5 616)  Accumulated amortisation  -  -  (3 382)  -  (3 382)  Opening balance  -  -  (1 820)  -  (1 820)  Amortisation for the year  -  -  (1 562)  -  (1 562)  Accumulated impairment  -  -  -  -  -  Opening balance  -  -  -  -  -  Impairment loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  Carrying amount at  31 March 2021  124 880  -  4 013  18 126  147 019   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^ Management agreements relate to the amalgamation and merger of Stor-Age Self Storage Proprietary Limited on listing in November 2015. *   Additions made to the website are internally generated.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## for the year ended 31 March 2022

## 5. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

| Company  Goodwill  R'000  Stor-Age  Management  Agreement ^  R'000  Website  R'000  Storage  King  brand  R'000  Total  R'000  2022  Cost  279  77 400  6 901  -  84 580  Opening balance  279  77 400  3 536  -  81 215  Additions during the year*  -  -  3 365  -  3 365  Accumulated amortisation  -  -  (3 260)  -  (3 260)  Opening balance  -  -  (1 759)  -  (1 759)  Amortisation for the year  -  -  (1 501)  -  (1 501)  Accumulated impairment  -  -  -  -  -  Opening balance  -  -  -  -  -  Impairment loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  Carrying amount at  31 March 2022  279  77 400  3 641  -  81 320  2021  Cost  279  77 400  3 536  -  81 215  Opening balance  279  77 400  2 062  -  79 741  Additions during the year*  -  -  1 474  -  1 474  Accumulated amortisation  -  -  (1 759)  -  (1 759)  Opening balance  -  -  (922)  -  (922)  Amortisation for the year  -  -  (837)  -  (837)  Accumulated impairment  -  -  -  -  -  Opening balance  -  -  -  -  -  Impairment loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  Carrying amount at  31 March 2021  279  77 400  1 777  -  79 456   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^ Management agreements relate to the amalgamation and merger of Stor-Age Self Storage Proprietary Limited on listing in November 2015. *   Additions made to the website are internally generated.

The carrying amount of goodwill has been allocated to the different cash-generating units below:

| Initial  goodwill  R'000  Cumulative  foreign  exchange  movement  R'000  Accumulated  impairment  loss  R'000  Goodwill  31 March  2022  R'000  Goodwill  31 March  2021  R'000  Stor-Age management  agreement (note 5.1)  77 697  -  -  77 697  77 697  Storage RSA (note 5.2)  1 769  -  -  1 769  1 769  Betterstore Self Storage  (note 5.3)  41 547  839  -  42 386  45 414  Carrying amount at end  of year  121 013  839  -  121 852  124 880   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5.1 Goodwill acquired as part of the Stor-Age Self Storage business combination

The company acquired Stor-Age Self Storage Proprietary Limited (the 'Operator') on 16 November 2015, for a purchase consideration of R100 million settled by the issue of 10 million ordinary shares (the 'Consideration Shares').  In  terms  of  the  amalgamation  and  merger  agreement  entered  into  between  the  shareholders  of  the Operator and the company, the shareholders of the Operator agreed to not have full entitlement to any distributions paid by the company in respect of the Consideration Shares until after 31 March 2020 in accordance with the specific provisions set out in the agreement and disclosed in the prospectus. The fair value of the discounted purchase consideration is R77.7 million.

In the company's separate financial statements the purchase consideration of R77.7 million is recognised as an intangible asset. On consolidation, the purchase consideration of R77.7 million is recognised as goodwill.

For purposes of impairment testing, goodwill acquired has been allocated to the investment properties, ceded to the company as part of the amalgamation and merger of the Operator. Goodwill has been allocated to segments but the same inputs as disclosed below have been used for each cash generating unit given that the underlying properties are in large metropolitan areas. Management has tested these cash flows using a discounted cash flow valuation over a 10 year period on a standalone basis, using the following assumptions:

| 2022  2021  Discount rate  15%  15%  Exit capitalisation rate  9.5%  9.3%  Growth rate  6%  6%  Cost inflation  6%  6%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There was no impairment of the cash generating units in the current and prior year.

## 5.2 Goodwill acquired as part of the Storage RSA business combination

The group acquired Storage RSA on 28 February 2017. The recoverable amount of the goodwill relating to Storage RSA is based on the higher of value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The group has assessed the consolidated net asset value of the business to be its recoverable amount. At the reporting date, the net asset value of Storage RSA was greater than the net asset value at the acquisition date.

No impairment loss has been recognised during the current and prior year.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 5. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

## 5.3 Goodwill acquired as part of the Betterstore business combination

The company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Roeland Street Investments ('RSI'), acquired Betterstore Self Storage Holdings Limited ('Betterstore') on 2 November 2017. Goodwill of R41.565 million arose on acquisition. The Dividend Growth Model was used to determine the value in use for Betterstore as the dividends are the most appropriate reflection of free cash flows of the business. Management has tested the expected dividend cash flow using the dividend growth model over a 5 year period on a stand alone basis, using the following assumptions:

| 2022  2021  Dividend growth  6.0%  6.0%  Exit capitalisation rate  6.8%  6.8%  Discount rate  9.27%  9.27%  Exchange rate (GBP/ZAR)  20.41  20.41  Terminal growth rate  3.00%  3.00%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No impairment loss has been recognised during the current and prior year.

## 5.4 Intangible assets

Following the acquisition of RSI 2 and RSI 3, the company no longer charges management fees to the entities.

## 5.5 Sensitivity analysis

In respect of the goodwill acquired as part of the Stor-Age Self Storage and Betterstore business combinations, the impact of a reasonable change in the assumptions on the value in use are listed below:

| 2022  R'million  2021  R'million  Stor-Age Self Storage  Discount rate minus 1%  6.90  6.79  Discount rate plus 1%  (6.10)  (6.23)  Long term growth rate minus 1%  (6.10)  (5.75)  Long term growth rate plus 1%  5.90  6.01  Betterstore  Dividend growth rate minus 1%  (97.62)  (87.93)  Dividend growth rate plus 1%  101.14  91.11  Discount rate minus 1%  98.82  89.17  Discount rate plus 1%  (93.75)  (84.58)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The results of the above sensitivity are not indicative of an impairment as the value in use remains above the carrying value.

## 6. INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES

The investment in subsidiaries is accounted for at cost by the company. Details of the company's interest in directly held subsidiaries at the reporting date are as follows:

| Name of subsidiary  Country of  incorporation  Percentage  held  Investment  2022  R'000  Investment  2021  R'000  Roeland Street Investments Proprietary  Limited ('RSI')  South Africa  100%  3 419 950  2 949 017  Roeland Street Investments 2 Proprietary  Limited ('RSI 2')  South Africa  100%  950 972  950 972  SSS JV 1 Proprietary Limited ('SSS JV 1')*  South Africa  100%  -  -  SSS JV 2 Proprietary Limited ('SSS JV 2')*  South Africa  100%  -  -  4 370 922  3 899 989   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These companies were incorporated during the current year. The company directly holds one no par value share of R1.00 in each company. SSS JV 1 owns the three properties in Pinelands, Paarden Eiland and Kramerville. SSS JV 2 owns two properties in Bryanston and Morningside.

There are no restrictions on the company's ability to use the subsidiaries' assets or settle its liabilities.

Details of the company's indirectly held interest in subsidiaries at 31 March 2022 are as follows:

| Name of subsidiary  Holding  company  Country of  incorporation  Interest %  held as at  31 March 2022  Interest %  held as at  31 March 2021  Storage RSA Trading Proprietary Limited  USS  South Africa  100%  100%  Gauteng Storage Properties Proprietary  Limited  USS  South Africa  100%  100%  Unit Self Storage Proprietary Limited  ('USS')  RSI  South Africa  100%  100%  Stor-Age International Proprietary Limited  ('SAI')  RSI  South Africa  100%  100%  Betterstore Self Storage Holdings Limited  ('Betterstore')  SAI  Guernsey  97.8%  97.8%  Betterstore Self Storage Holdco Limited  ('Betterstore Holdco')  Betterstore  Guernsey  100%  -  SK Propco Limited  Betterstore  United Kingdom  100%  -  Betterstore Self Storage Properties I  Limited ('Properties I')  Betterstore  Holdco  Guernsey  100%  100%  Betterstore Self Storage Properties III  Limited  Betterstore  Holdco  Guernsey  100%  100%  Betterstore Self Storage Operations  Limited  Betterstore  Holdco  United Kingdom  100%  100%  Storage Boost Holdings Limited  Betterstore  United Kingdom  100%  100%  Storage Boost Limited  Betterstore  United Kingdom  100%  100%  Capital Storage Limited  Betterstore  United Kingdom  100%  100%  Betterstore Properties UK Limited  Betterstore  United Kingdom  100%  100%  Flexi Store Self Storage Limited  Properties I  United Kingdom  100%  100%  Project Mars Limited ('Mars')  Properties I  United Kingdom  100%  -  MJM Acquisitions Limited  Mars  United Kingdom  100%  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

## 7. EQUITY-ACCOUNTED INVESTEES

## 7.1 Summary of equity-accounted investees

| Principal  place of  business  Type of  arrang-  ment*  Effective  interest  31 March  2022  Effective  interest  31 March  2021  Group  Company  Name  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Sunningdale Self Storage  Proprietary Limited  ('Sunningdale')  South  Africa  JV  50%  50%  37 894  21 514  39 090  21 743  SKJV 1 Limited ('SKJV 1')  ^  United  Kingdom  JV  24.9%  24.9%  31 380  6 501  -  -  SKJV 2 Limited ('SKJV 2')  ^  United  Kingdom  JV  24.9%  24.9%  2 755  622  -  -  SKJV 3 Limited ('SKJV 3')  ^  United  Kingdom  JV  24.9%  -  33 124  -  -  -  SKJV Bidco Limited  ('Bidco')  ^  United  Kingdom  JV  24.9%  -  141 427  -  -  -  Carrying amount  246 580  28 637  39 090  21 743   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^ Collectively referred to as SKJV.

* JV - Joint Venture

In the group financial statements the investments are recognised using the equity-accounted method. The equityaccounted investment is recognised at cost in the company's financial statements.

## 7.2 Summarised financial information for material equity-accounted investees Summarised statement of financial position

| Sunningdale  SKJV 1 - 3  Bidco  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Non-current assets  59 842  42 202  239 082  12 397  1 130 407  -  Investment properties  58 895  42 202  239 082  12 397  1 126 563  -  Other non-current assets  947  -  -  -  3 844  -  Current assets  3 204  935  20 068  806  89 937  -  Current liabilities  (470)  -  (259 150)  (13 204)  (57 846)  -  Non-current liabilities  (63 762)  (43 155)  -  -  (875 364)  -  Loans and borrowings  (63 762)  (43 155)  -  -  (588 673)  -  Other non-current liabilities  -  -  -  -  (286 691)  -  Net assets/(liabilities)  (1 186)  (18)  -  (1)  287 134  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Summarised statement of comprehensive income

| Sunningdale  SKJV 1 - 3  Bidco  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Property revenue  3 967  -  -  -  2 549  -  Other income  -  -  -  -  10  -  Direct property costs  (1 575)  -  -  -  (792)  -  Administration expenses  (567)  (41)  (7)  -  (358)  -  Interest income  43  23  -  -  -  -  Interest expense  (3 499)  -  -  -  (601)  -  - Stor-Age  (2 022)  -  -  -  -  -  - JV partner  (1 425)  -  -  -  -  -  - External borrowings  (52)  -  -  -  (601)  -  Taxation  457  -  -  -  (338)  -  Profit for the period  (1 174)  (18)  ( 7)  -  470  -  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  (7)  -  Total comprehensive income  (1 174)  (18)  (7)  -  463  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7.3 Capital commitments in respect of JV

Commitment to provide funding to the joint ventures for capital expenditure projects:

| Group  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Contracted for  88 375  -  Authorised but not contracted for  -  -  88 375  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 7. EQUITY-ACCOUNTED INVESTEES (CONTINUED)

## 7.4 Sunningdale

Sunningdale is a joint venture with Garden Cities to develop a new self storage property in Sunningdale, Cape Town. The first phase of construction was completed and the property commenced trading in May 2021.

Stor-Age  has  the  right  to  appoint  two  of  the  four  directors  of  Sunningdale  and  participates  in  all  significant financial and operating decisions. The group has joint control and Sunningdale is structured as a separate vehicle. The group has a residual interest in the net assets of Sunningdale and accordingly has classified its interest in Sunningdale as a joint venture.

In accordance with the agreement, the construction of the self storage facility is funded firstly out of Sunningdale's own resources and then via loans by shareholders pro-rata to their respective shareholdings. The shareholder loan advanced to Sunningdale is unsecured and bears interest at the prime interest rate applicable in South Africa. The interest is due and payable bi-annually.

Sunningdale has a financial year ending 28 February.

The table below summarises the financial information of Sunningdale included in its own financial statements. The accounting policies of Sunningdale are uniform with those of the group. The table also reconciles the group's summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the group's interest in the company:

| 31 March  2022  R'000  31 March  2021  R'000  Group's interest  50%  50%  Group's share of net liabilities  (593)  (9)  Elimination of fees capitalised to the investment property  (381)  (218)  Share of losses  (586)  (9)  Shareholder loan*  Reconciliation of movement:  Opening balance  21 514  3 527  Increase in investment  15 325  17 413  Interest accrued  2 022  801  Closing balance  38 861  21 741  Carrying amount of interest  37 894  21 514   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7.5 SKJV

The group, via its wholly-owned subsidiary Stor-Age International Limited, entered into a joint venture agreement with the Moorfield Group for a £50 million JV (with the potential to increase to £100 million) to develop and acquire self storage properties in the UK, providing an effective platform to continue advancing our UK growth strategy.  Each  development  will  be  housed  in  a  separate  vehicle  the  first  of  which  is  SKJV  1,  followed  by SKJV 2, 3 and SK JV Bidco.

Stor-Age has the right to appoint two of the five directors and all shareholders must unanimously agree on the relevant  activities  of  the  entities.  The  group  has  a  residual  interest  in  the  net  assets  of  the  SKJV  entities  and accordingly has classified its interest in these companies as joint ventures.

In March 2022 Bidco acquired four properties in the UK for a consideration of £59.0 million.

SKJV 3 and Bidco were newly incorporated during the current financial year. The SKJV entities have a financial year ending 31 December.

| SKJV 1 - 3  Bidco  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Group's interest  24.9%  24.9%  24.9%  -  Group's share of net liabilities  (1 428)  -  71 496  -  Elimination of fees capitalised to the  investment property  (519)  -  (1 659)  -  Share of (losses)/profit  (2)  -  117  -  Share of OCI  -  -  (7)  -  Shareholder loan*  Reconciliation of movement:  Opening balance  7 123  -  -  -  Increase in investment  60 657  7 123  142 976  -  Interest accrued  -  -  -  -  Closing balance  67 780  7 123  142 976  -  Carrying amount of interest  67 259  7 123  141 427  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The credit risk assessment of the shareholder loans are set out in note 26.3.1

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  8.  UNLISTED INVESTMENT  Opening balance  5 474  5 082  5 474  5 082  Additional investment  5 500  650  5 500  650  Fair value adjustment  (136)  (258)  (136)  (258)  Closing balance  10 838  5 474  10 838  5 474   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  investment  is  held  in  products  with  Cadiz  Asset  management  with  the  purpose  of  complying  with  the BBBEE codes.

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  9.  DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS  Forward exchange contracts  65 374  31 866  -  -  Cross-currency interest rate swaps  8 723  -  -  -  Interest rate swaps  25 744  400  1 963  400  - ZAR denominated facilities  1 963  400  1 963  400  - GBP denominated facilities  23 781  -  -  -  Total derivative financial assets  99 841  32 266  1 963  400   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These amounts represent the mark-to-market adjustments of the above derivative financial instruments.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## for the year ended 31 March 2022

| Derivative  Risk mitigation  Cross currency interest  rate swaps  Wherever possible, funding is secured in a currency to match the currency of the  underlying  cash  flows  to  minimise  foreign  exchange  volatility  through  natural  hedges.  Where  this  is  not  possible,  ZAR  denominated  funding  is  obtained  for  foreign acquisitions and the group may then enter into cross currency interest rate  swaps to hedge foreign currency investments at levels considered appropriate.  Forward exchange  contracts  The group enters into forward exchange contracts to manage its exposure to foreign  exchange risk by forward selling foreign currency at predetermined forward rates.  Interest rate derivatives  The  group  enters  into  derivative  financial  instruments  to  manage  its  exposure  to  interest rates by fixing floating rate interest rates on loans or limiting its exposure to  increases in interest rates.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details pertaining to the valuation of the derivative instruments are set out in note 27.

| Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  10.  INTERCOMPANY PAYABLE/RECEIVABLE  Intercompany payable  Gauteng Storage Properties Proprietary Limited  33 926  4 743  Unit Self Storage Proprietary Limited  3 377  9 622  Roeland Street Investments 2 Proprietary Limited  29 888  27 001  67 191  41 366  Intercompany receivable  Roeland Street Investments Proprietary Limited  390 188  387 047  SSS JV 1 Proprietary Limited  110 507  -  SSS JV 2 Proprietary Limited  76 342  -  577 037  387 047   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  intercompany  loan  balances  mainly  comprise  working  capital  amounts  and  dividends  declared  to  the company during the year that were not settled at 31 March 2022. For SSS JV 2, the balance also comprises the acquisition consideration for Morningside from the company.

No  interest  is  charged  on  intercompany  balances.  The  intercompany  payable/receivable  is  repayable  on demand and will be settled/recovered in the short-term. Refer to note 26.3 for expected credit losses disclosure.

11.

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES  Financial instruments  Tenant debtors net of expected credit losses  18 798  14 787  281  126  Gross tenant debtors  20 672  17 225  387  197  Expected credit losses  (1 874)  (2 438)  (106)  (71)  Staff loans  114  127  108  125  Related party receivables  31  14  40 825  1 872  Sundry receivables  41 177  27 096  8 249  4 027  60 120  42 024  49 463  6 150  Non-financial instruments  Prepayments +  42 642  40 883  1 252  667  VAT  24 588  -  -  4 789  67 230  40 883  1 252  5 456  Total trade and other receivables  127 350  82 907  50 715  11 606  Split between non-current and current  portion  Current assets  127 350  82 907  50 715  11 606  Non-current assets  -  -  -  -  127 350  82 907  50 715  11 606  Categorisation of trade and other  receivables  Trade and other receivables are categorised  as follows in accordance with IFRS 9:  At amortised cost  60 120  42 024  49 463  6 150  Non-financial instruments  67 230  40 883  1 252  5 456   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

+ For the group this balance includes property rates relating to the UK properties that have been paid in advance for the year.

Information about the group and company's exposure to credit and market risks, and impairment losses for trade and other receivables is included in note 26.

Group

Company

| 2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  12.  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  Cash on call  -  69 012  -  69 012  Current account  222 333  102 061  82 209  7 938  222 333  171 073  82 209  76 950   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The effective interest rates are set out in note 26.2.2.

| Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  ## 13. DIVIDEND RECEIVABLE  Roeland Street Investments Proprietary Limited Roeland Street Investments 2 Proprietary Limited SSS JV 1 Proprietary Limited  248 353  183 931  34 163  46 064  886  -  283 402  229 995   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14. STATED CAPITAL

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Authorised  1 000 000 000 Ordinary shares of  no par value  Issued  In issue at the beginning of the year  4 783 903  4 360 033  4 783 903  4 360 033  Accelerated bookbuild  575 000  250 000  575 000  250 000  Purchase of investment properties  -  6 843  -  6 843  Dividend re-investment programme  21 577  169 304  21 577  169 304  Share issue costs  (5 799)  (2 277)  (5 799)  (2 277)  In issue at the end of the year  5 374 681  4 783 903  5 374 681  4 783 903  Reconciliation of number of issued shares  In issue at the beginning of the year  432 881 143  397 848 842  432 881 143  397 848 842  Shares issued during the year  41 729 287  35 032 301  41 729 287  35 032 301  In issue at the end of the year  474 610 430  432 881 143  474 610 430  432 881 143   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The unissued shares are under the control of the directors (subject to limitations set by shareholders' resolutions) until the next annual general meeting.

The unissued shares are under the control of the directors (subject to limitations set by shareholders' resolutions) until the next annual general meeting.

## 15. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVE

Opening balance Movement Expense recognised in profit or loss Group share-based payment charge Shares issued during the current year Closing balance

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  21 966  7 656  21 966  7 656  11 307  14 310  11 307  14 310  11 307  14 310  10 374  13 781  -  -  933  529  -  -  -  -  33 273  21 966  33 273  21 966   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In terms of the Conditional Share Plan ('CSP'), approved and adopted by shareholders on 19 February 2019, the company has granted conditional shares to the executive directors and staff. The full details of the scheme are included in the remuneration report.

Details of conditional shares awarded are set out below:

| Tranche 1  Tranche 2  Tranche 3  Tranche 4  Total  31 March  2022  Total  31 March  2021  GM Lucas  171 625  305 111  381 388  381 388  1 239 512  858 124  SC Lucas  171 625  305 111  381 388  381 388  1 239 512  858 124  SJ Horton  171 625  305 111  381 388  381 388  1 239 512  858 124  Other employees  717 012  714 217  1 107 588  1 092 373  3 631 190  2 538 817  Total awards  granted  1 231 887  1 629 550  2 251 752  2 236 537  7 349 726  5 113 189   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The CSP awards have been recognised as equity-settled share-based payments as a separate category within equity. The fair value of the CSP has been measured using the Black-Scholes model.

## Details of assumptions

Expected volatility of 20.25% has been based on an evaluation of the historical volatility of the company's share price since listing. The expected forfeiture rate has been based on historical experience and general employee behaviour. Where these result in changes in the non-market conditions of the scheme, the cumulative impact is charged to profit or loss in the year the adjustment is made.

## 15. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVE (CONTINUED)

| Tranche 1  Tranche 2  Tranche 3  Tranche 4  Total  Opening number of  unvested instruments  1 231 887  1 629 550  2 251 752  -  5 113 189  Awards granted during  the current year  -  -  -  2 236 537  2 236 537  Forfeited shares  (136 076)  (153 318)  (13 349)  -  (302 743)  Closing number of  unvested instruments  1 095 811  1 476 232  2 238 403  2 236 537  7 046 983  Grant date  13 March  2019  30 August  2019  14 September  2020  30 November  2021  Vesting date  1 September  2022  1 September  2022  15 September  2023  1 September  2024  Issue price  (30 day VWAP)*  13.90  Forfeiture rate  7.0%  Dividend yield  7.77%  Performance condition  factor  90.0%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The shares awarded under tranche 1 comprise performance shares (75%) which are subject to a 3.5 year service period and the achievement of certain financial and individual performance measures and retention shares (25%) which are subject to a 3.5 year service period only.

The shares awarded under tranche 2, 3 and 4 comprise performance shares only and are subject to a 3 year service period and the achievement of certain financial and individual performance measures.

On the vesting  date  the  participant  is  entitled  to  settlement  of  the  award  and  no  amount  is  payable  by  the participant for the settlement of shares that have vested. The actual quantum of shares received by a participant on vesting will depend on the extent to which the performance conditions, set out in the award letter, are achieved and will be determined over the performance period.

No conditional shares vested during the year. The CSP has a dilutive impact on the group's earnings per share.

*  Volume-weighted average price

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  16.  FINANCIAL LIABILITIES  16.1  Loans and borrowings  Reconciliation of loans and borrowings:  Opening balance at 1 April  1 994 359  2 205 723  951 153  1 086 112  New borrowing facilities  1 254 172  -  98 502  -  Withdrawals  1 154 094  252 637  745 499  240 937  Repayments  (1 500 249)  (366 131)  (613 139)  (366 131)  Loan fees paid and amortisation  (46 014)  -  (17 762)  -  Foreign exchange movement  -  (9 765)  -  (9 765)  Foreign currency translation reserve  (97 511)  (88 105)  -  -  Closing balance at 31 March  2 758 851  1 994 359  1 164 253  951 153  Current borrowings  160 000  647 359  160 000  647 359  Non-current borrowings  2 598 851  1 347 000  1 004 253  303 794  - Long-term borrowings  2 698 851  1 646 527  1 104 253  603 321  - Surplus cash paid into loan facility  (100 000)  (299 527)  (100 000)  (299 527)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The outstanding loan facilities with financial institutions are set out below:

## 31 March 2022

## ZAR denominated facilities

| Borrowing facilities  Expiry date  Term  Interest rate  ^  %  Facility value  R'000  Facility  balance at  31 March  2022  R'000  Nedbank  Sep-24  3 years  Jibar+1.65%  275 000  273 435  Nedbank  Oct-24  3 years  Fixed rate 7.18%  112 000  112 000  Nedbank  Nov-23  2 years  Jibar+1.73%  350 000  298 262  Nedbank  Dec-23  2 years  Jibar+1.78%  300 000  129 477  Standard Bank  Sep-24  3 years  Jibar+1.66%  267 957  206 800  Standard Bank  Apr-24  2 years  Fixed rate 6.84%  102 043  102 043  Futuregrowth  Apr-22  Rolling 3 months  Jibar+0.70%  160 000  160 000  1 567 000  1 282 017   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

## 16.1 Loans and borrowings (continued)

GBP denominated facilities

| Borrowing facilities  Expiry  date  Term  Interest rate  ^  %  Facility  value  £'000  Facility  balance at  31 March  2022  R'000  Aviva  Oct-28  7 years   Fixed rate 3.21%  21 000  401 367  HSBC/Santander  Oct-26  5 years  Sonia+2.40%  42 500  812 292  HSBC/Santander  Oct-26  5 years  Sonia+2.65%  32 500  272 209  Standard Bank  Sep-24  3 years  Sonia+2.12%  9 420  136 980  105 420  1 622 848  Total gross loans and borrowings for the group  2 904 865  Surplus cash paid into loan facility  (100 000)  Loan fees paid and amortisation  (46 014)  Closing balance at 31 March  2 758 851   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^ Rates referenced to Jibar represents 3 month Jibar. Rates reference to Libor represents 3 month Libor.

## 31 March 2021

## ZAR denominated facilities

| Borrowing facilities  Expiry date  Term  Interest rate  ^  %  Facility value  R'000  Facility  balance at  31 March  2021  R'000  Nedbank  Nov-23  5 years  Jibar+1.73%  350 000  298 358  Nedbank  Oct-21  3 years  Prime -1.40%  375 000  372 136  Nedbank  Dec-23  3 years  Jibar+1.78%  300 000  5 436  Standard Bank  Oct-21  3 years  Jibar+1.66%  370 000  299 418  Futuregrowth  Apr-21  Rolling 3 months  Jibar+0.75%  160 000  160 000  1 555 000  1 135 348   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GBP denominated facilities

| Borrowing facilities  Expiry  date  Term  Interest rate  ^  %  Facility  value  £'000  Facility  balance at  31 March  2021  R'000  Lloyds Bank  Nov-24  6 years*  Libor+2.75%  52 000  1 043 206  Standard Bank  Sep-21  3 years  Libor+2.10%  5 650  115 332  57 650  1 158 538  Total gross loans and borrowings for the group  2 293 886  Surplus cash paid into loan facility  (299 527)  Closing balance at 31 March  1 994 359   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Sonia Sterling Overnight Interbank Average Rate

* Comprises a four-year term with two 12 month extension options

^ Rates referenced to Jibar represents 3 month Jibar. Rates reference to Libor represents 3 month Libor.

Surplus cash is placed in the Nedbank annex facility and earned interest at Jibar plus 1.40%. There are no restrictions on the availability of the cash placed in the facility.

Interest  rate  derivatives  with  a  notional  value  of  R300 million and R250 million have been entered into with Nedbank and Standard Bank respectively for the ZAR denominated facilities. Interest rate derivatives with a notional value of £20 million for each of HSBC and Santander, and £5 million for Standard Bank, have been entered into for the GBP denominated facilities. Further details are set out in note 26.2.1.

The group's risk management and interest benchmark transition is set out in note 26.

## The loans and borrowings are secured as follows:

## Nedbank

- Section numbers 4, 5 and 6 in the sectional title scheme known as Trafalgar Place (Stor-Age Sea Point)
- Remainder Erf 15331 Milnerton (Stor-Age Table View)
- Erf 136 Greenbushes (Stor-Age Greenbushes)
- Remainder Erf 6042 Cape Town (Stor-Age Gardens)
- Remainder of Plot 63 Estoire Settlement, Bloemfontein (Stor-Age Bloemfontein)
- Erf 2026  Esther Park Extension 31  Township  and  Erf 2027  Esther Park Extension  32  Township (Stor-Age Kempton Park)
- Portion 159 (a Portion of Portion 4) of the Farm Allandale No 10 (Stor-Age Midrand)
- Erf 134 Village Main Township, Gauteng (Stor-Age JHB City)
- Erf 900 Kosmosdal Extension 12 Township, Gauteng (Stor-Age Samrand)
- Portion 853 (a Portion of Portion 175) of Klipfontein No. 83, Gauteng (Stor-Age Boksburg)
- Erf 39208 Bellville, Western Cape (Stor-Age Bellville)
- Erf 17299 Durbanville, Western Cape (Stor-Age Pinehurst)
- Portion 63 (a Portion of Portion 2) of the Farm Brakfontein No. 399, Gauteng (Stor-Age Hennopspark)
- Portion 871 of the Farm Knopjeslaagte No. 385, Gauteng (Stor-Age Mnandi)
- Remaining  Extent  of  Portion  55  (a  Portion  of  Portion  5)  of  the  Farm  Doornkloof  No.  391,  Gauteng (Stor-Age Lyttelton)
- Portion 337 (a Portion of Portion 194) of the Farm Zwartkop No. 356, Gauteng (Stor-Age Zwartkop)
- Section number 2 in the sectional title scheme known as Flip Du Toit Industrial Park, Gauteng (Stor-Age Pretoria West)
- Remaining  Extent  of  Portion  13  (Portion  of  Portion  1)  of  the  Farm  Grootfontein  No.  394,  Gauteng (Stor-Age Garsfontein)
- Lease over Erven 412, 413, 414, 415 and 416 Springfield (Stor-Age Springfield)
- Erf 177012 (a Portion of Erf 127260) Cape Town (Stor-Age Tokai)
- Sectional plan number 128/2007, Cape Town in the sectional title scheme known as Edgemead Self Storage Park (Stor-Age Edgemead)
- Sectional plan number 566/2008,  Maitland  in the sectional title scheme known  as City Vault (Stor-Age Maitland)
- Sectional plan number 342/2010, West Rand (Stor-Age West Rand)
- Erf 2650 Westering (Stor-Age Westering)
- Portion 19 (of Erf 3) of Erf 17 Mount Edgecombe (Stor-Age Mount Edgecombe)
- Erf 891 Brooklyn (Stor-Age Brooklyn)
- Portion 1 of Erf 217 Six Fountains Extension 7 Township (Stor-Age Silver Lakes)
- Section number 3 in the sectional title scheme known as Rietfontein 738 in extent 2599 square metres (Stor-Age Mooikloof)
- Erven 1624 &amp; 1625 Sunninghill Ext 163 Township (Stor-Age Sunninghill)

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

## 16. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

## 16.1 Loans and borrowings (continued)

## Standard Bank

- Erf 16694 Somerset West (Storage RSA Somerset West)
- Erf 8190 and Erf 8183 Stellenbosch (Stor-Age Stellenbosch)
- Portion 1 of Erf 877 Louwlardia Extension 13 (Storage RSA Centurion)
- Erf 4885 Weltevredenpark Extension 139 (Storage RSA Constantia Kloof)
- Erf 17350 a portion of Erf 15744 Durbanville (Stor-Age Durbanville)
- Headlease over remainder of Erf 995 Contantia Kloof (Stor-Age Constantia Kloof)
- Erf 14804 Somerset West (Stor-Age Heritage Park)
- Erf 1203 Wetton (Stor-Age Ottery)
- Erf 174177, Claremont, Cape Town (Stor-Age Claremont)
- Erf 97, Essexworld, Gauteng (Stor-Age Edenvale)
- Portion 2,3 and 27 of Erf 692 Brickfield, Kwazulu-Natal (Stor-Age Berea)
- Erf 149, Kensington B, Gauteng (Stor-Age Randburg)

## HSBC/Santander Club Lend facility

## Leasehold Properties

- Unit 2, Access 4-20, New Hythe Business Park, Bellingham Way, Larkfield, Aylesford, ME20 7HP, Title number K930804 (Storage King Aylesford)
- Unit 3, Access 4-20, New Hythe Business Park, Bellingham Way, Larkfield, Aylesford, ME20 7HP, Title number K930806 (Storage King Aylesford)
- Unit 1, Carnival Close, Basildon, SS14 3WN, Title number EX802441 (Storage King Basildon )
- Units 5 and 6, Epsom Trade Park, Blenheim, Road, Epsom, KT19 9DU, Title number SY773210 (Storage King Epsom)
- Unit 1, Nimbus Park, Porz Avenue, Houghton Regis, Dunstable, LU5 5WZ , Title number BD260385 (Storage King Dunstable)
- Land and Buildings at Distribution Centre, Radford Road, Nottingham, NG7 7NQ, Title number NT440635 (Storage King Nottingham)
- 1 Colville  Court  Winwick  Quay Warrington, Title number, WA2 8QT, Title number CH560305 (Storage King Warrington)

## Freehold Properties

- Land on south east side of Rosemary Lane edged with red on plan of Title filed at the Land Registry, Title number CB25763 (Storage King Cambridge)
- Land at Rosemary Lane edged with red on plan of Title filed at the Land Registry, Title number CB269504 (Storage King Cambridge)
- Land at 505 Coldhams Lane, CBl 3JS, Title number CB30113 (Storage King Cambridge)
- 1 Carriage Drive, White Rose Way, Doncaster, DN4 5JH, Title number SYK429163 (Storage King Doncaster)
- 39 Barton Road, Bletchley, Milton Keynes, MK2 3BA, Title number BM116594 (Storage King Milton Keynes)
- Land at 1 Bobby Fryer Close, Garsington Road, Oxford, OX4 6ZN shown edged with red on the plan of the Title filed with the Land Registry, Title number ON164847 (Storage King Oxford)
- Site at 1 Hartford Way, Sealand industrial Estate, Chester, CH1 4NT, Title number, CH653432 (Storage King Chester)
- The  Wash  Shop,  Hartford  Way,  Sealand  industrial  Estate,  Chester,  CH1  4NT,  Title  number  CH254305 (Storage King Chester)
- Unit 28 Trade City, Avro Way, Brooklands Business Park, Weybridge, KT13 0YF, Title Number SY767961 (Storage King Weybridge)

## Freehold Properties (continued)

- Unit  8  Iconic  Park,  Birmingham,  New  Road,  Dudley,  DY1  4SR,  Title  number  WM866739  (Storage King Dudley)
- Unit 2 8B Storage King Archers Way Battlefield Enterprise Park, Shrewsbury, SY1 3GA, Title number SL148790 (Storage King Shrewsbury)
- Land on the east side of Water Lane, York, NYK453274 (Storage King York)
- J  W  Taylor  Ltd,  Ripon  Road,Harrogate  HG12BT,  NYK345873,  Land  and  buildings  lying  to  the  East  of Ripon Road, Harrogate, NYK171042 (Storage King Harrogate)
- Phoenix Retail Park, Leeds Road, Huddersfield, HD1 6NB,WYK594784 (Storage King Huddersfield)
- Land and Buildings on the South Side of Charlotte Street, WYK237467, (Storage King Wakefield)

## Aviva facility

## Freehold Properties

- 599 to 613 Princes Road, Dartford, DA2 6HH, Title number K342977 (Storage King Dartford)
- Unit 2, Weston Road, Crewe CW1 6AA, Title number CH666094 (Storage King Crewe)
- Land at the south east side of Caxton Road, Elms Farm Industrial Estate, Bedford, MK14 0HT, Title number BD43327 (Storage King Bedford)
- Units 8-14, Hansard Gate, West Meadows, industrial Estate, Derby, DE21 6AR, Title number DY490969 (Storage King Derby)
- Unit 3, Barnwood Point, Corinium Avenue, Barnwood, Gloucester, GL4 3HX, Title number GR408472 (Storage King Gloucester)

The following covenants are applicable to the year ended 31 March 2022:

## Nedbank

- The property Loan-to-Value ratio in respect of any measurement period shall not exceed 50%.
- Interest cover for the reporting period shall be at least 1.8 times (EBITDA to interest paid)

## HSBC/Santander Club Lend facility

- Debt Service Cover in respect of any Relevant Period shall not, at any time, be less than the ratio 1.1:1.
- The Loan-to-Market Value does not, at any time, exceed 55%.
- The Loan-to-Closed-Market Value does not, at any time, exceed 85%.
- Interest Cover in respect of any Relevant Period shall not, at any time, be less than 2.0:1.

## Aviva facility

- The Historical Interest Cover is, at all times, at least 300%.
- The Loan-to-Value does not, at any time, exceed 60%.

## Standard Bank

- The Property Loan-to-Value ratio in respect of any measurement period shall not be more than 60%
- The  Property  Interest  Cover  Ratio  in  respect  of  any  measurement  period  at  any  time  shall  not  be  less than 1.8 times (EBITDA to interest paid)
- The Borrower Group Interest Cover Ratio (Total Debt) in respect of any measurement period shall not be less than 1.8 times (EBITDA to net interest paid)
- The Corporate Loan-to-Value Ratio shall not be more than 45%

No covenants were breached during the year. Refer to note 16.3 for the group's Loan-to-Value ratio.

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  ## 16. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (CONTINUED) 16.2 Derivative financial liabilities  Cross currency interest rate swaps  -  27 173  -  -  Interest rate swaps  5 579  34 637  5 309  15 624  - ZAR denominated facilities  5 579  14 630  5 309  14 630  - GBP denominated facilities  -  20 007  -  994  5 579  61 810  5 309  15 624   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These amounts represent the mark-to-market adjustments of the above derivative financial instruments.

| Derivative  Risk mitigation  Cross currency interest rate swaps  Wherever possible, funding is secured in a currency to match the  currency  of  the  underlying  cash  flows  to  minimise  foreign  exchange  volatility  through  natural  hedges.  Where  this  is  not  possible,  ZAR  denominated  funding  is  obtained  for  foreign  acquisitions and the group may enter into cross currency interest  rate  swaps  to  hedge  foreign  currency  investments  at  levels  considered appropriate.  Interest rate derivatives  The group enters into derivative financial instruments to manage  its exposure to interest rates by fixing floating rate interest rates on  loans or limiting its exposure to increases in interest rates.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Refer to note 26 for further details set out on the derivative instruments.

## 16.3 Capital management

The group's financing policy is to fund the expansion of its property portfolio and achieve its strategic growth objectives through a mix of debt and equity. The group has various mechanisms in place to conserve cash for future expansion such as offering a dividend reinvestment plan to shareholders, which allows for the reinvestment of their cash dividend into additional shares in the company.

The group uses the loan-to-value (LTV) ratio, set out below, as a crucial metric in assessing its capital structure.

| Group  Note  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Loans and borrowings*  16.1  2 804 865  1 994 359  Less: cash and cash equivalents  12  (222 333)  (171 073)  Net debt  2 582 532  1 823 286  Investment properties  3  9 535 000  7 869 321  Less: lease obligations  30  (271 188)  (301 730)  Fair value of investment properties (net of lease obligations)  9 263 812  7 567 591  LTV ratio  27.9%  24.1%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excludes loan fees capitalised.

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  17.  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES  Financial instruments  Trade creditors  76 834  31 228  3 221  1 374  Security deposits  24 423  21 557  3 187  2 230  Other payables  10 629  8 040  2 841  2 286  Related party payables  -  -  825  520  Property accruals  45 368  41 063  8 418  6 745  Tenant deposits  576  582  576  583  157 830  102 470  19 068  13 737  Non-financial instruments  Income received in advance  63 220  55 366  1 367  2 272  Taxation payable  -  5 979  -  -  VAT  -  9 487  1 264  -  63 220  70 832  2 631  2 272  Total trade and other payables  221 050  173 302  21 699  16 009   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Information about the group and company's liquidity risk exposure is included in note 26.

Group

Company

| 2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  18.  PROVISIONS  Balance at beginning of year  10 716  2 858  4 444  2 422  Movement in provision*  4 995  7 858  3 402  2 022  Balance at end of year  15 711  10 716  7 846  4 444   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Relates mainly to provision for bonuses

Group

Company

| 2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  19.  REVENUE  Rental income  849 716  738 726  44 895  33 153  Rental income from tenants  845 212  733 192  40 391  27 619  Rental underpin  4 504  5 534  4 504  5 534  Other income  60 966  61 496  4 534  3 805  Ancillary income  ^  56 148  47 681  2 418  3 706  Rental guarantee #  -  10 042  -  -  Sundry income  4 818  3 773  2 116  99  Property revenue  910 682  800 222  49 429  36 958   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^ Includes sale of merchandise, administration fees, late fees, insurance income (UK only).

# The rental guarantee relates to the acquisition of the Managed Portfolio in October 2018 and the rental underpin to the Certificate of Practical Completion developments (Bryanston - September 2017; Craighall - August 2019). Both, provided by the sellers of the properties, effectively provide income protection to Stor-Age as the properties lease-up to mature occupancy levels.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## for the year ended 31 March 2022

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  20.  OTHER FAIR VALUE ADJUSTMENTS TO  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  Fair value adjustment to derivative financial  instruments  121 641  72 791  11 878  (14 302)  Fair value adjustment to non-derivative  financial instruments  (136)  (10 123)  (136)  (259)  121 505  62 668  11 742  (14 561)  21  ADMINISTRATION EXPENSES BY NATURE  21.1  Employee benefits  Salaries and wages  60 197  50 900  44 009  29 938  Equity-based share based payment expense  11 307  14 310  10 374  13 781  Other staff costs  2 205  1 695  1 722  1 466  73 709  66 905  56 105  45 185  21.2  Operating and administration expenses  Other administration expenses  17 751  11 826  14 417  12 199  Professional fees  9 685  7 415  2 076  1 479  Auditors remuneration  2 344  3 161  743  1 473  29 780  22 402  17 236  15 151  Total  103 489  89 307  73 341  60 336   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

22.

22.1

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  TAXATION  Current and deferred tax expense  Income tax charge for the year  (35 986)  (6 564)  -  -  Deferred tax charge for the year  (235 427)  (90 055)  -  -  Taxation for the year  (271 413)  (96 619)  -  -  Reconciliation between applicable tax rate  and effective tax rate:  Profit before taxation  28.00%  28.00%  28.00%  28.00%  Adjustments  Non-deductible expenses  0.08%  1.19%  0.16%  1.30%  - Employee conditional share plan (CSP)  0.02%  0.31%  0.00%  1.02%  - Corporate interest restriction (CIR)  0.00%  0.81%  0.00%  0.00%  - Items of a capital nature  +  0.06%  0.07%  0.16%  0.28%  Tax-exempt income  (1.11%)  0.00%  0.01%  (0.09%)  - Government incentives (ETI &amp; TERS)  0.00%  0.00%  0.01%  (0.09%)  - Gain on disposal of immovable assets  (1.11%)  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  Fair value adjustments  (2.37%)  (10.48%)  (0.18%)  0.30%  Foreign tax differential  #  (0.68%)  (3.99%)  0.00%  0.00%  Foreign tax differential - rate change effect*  5.30%  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  Increase in/(utilisation of) unrecognised  deferred tax assets  (0.56%)  (1.30%)  (0.55%)  (0.80%)  Qualifying S25BB REIT distribution  (7.45%)  (5.97%)  (27.44%)  (28.71%)  Effective tax rate  21.21%  7.45%  0.00%  0.00%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# This related to the effect of the group being subject to multiple tax jurisdictions: SA which is taxed at 28% (27% from 1 April 2024), Guernsey which is taxed at 0% and UK which is taxed at 19% (25% from 1 April 2024)

*     This represents the effect of the rate change from 19% to 25% in the UK on the current year deferred tax liability provision. (See note 22.2 for further details)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  22.  TAXATION (CONTINUED)  22.2  Deferred tax  Deferred tax asset  Tax losses  1 307  462  -  -  Capital allowances  5 343  2 239  -  -  6 650  2 701  -  -  Deferred tax liability  Fair value adjustments on UK investment  property  (287 436)  (65 361)  -  -  (287 436)  (65 361)  -  -  (280 786)  (62 660)  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax movement reconciliation - Group*

| Tax losses  R'000  Capital  allowances  R'000  Fair value  adjustments  R'000  Total  R'000  2022  At beginning of the year  462  2 239  (65 361)  (62 660)  Profit or loss  928  3 446  (239 802)  (235 428)  Exchange differences  (83)  (342)  17 727  17 302  At end of year  1 307  5 343  (287 436)  (280 786)  2021  At beginning of the year  17 528  -  7 908  25 436  Profit or loss  (16 416)  2 341  (75 980)  (90 055)  Exchange differences  (650)  (102)  2 711  1 959  At end of year  462  2 239  (65 361)  (62 660)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*     No reconciliation is disclosed for the company as there was no movement in the company's deferred tax for the year.

## South Africa

The  SA  group  of  companies  have  tax  losses  available  to  carry  forward  and  utilise  against  future  profits  of R389.6 million (2021: R406.1 million). Management has decided, in light of the impact of the REIT legislation, not to recognise a deferred taxation asset relating to the assessed loss as it is not probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the associated unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences can be utilised.

In the budget speech held on 24 February 2022 the Minister of Finance announced the reduction of the company income tax rate from 28% to 27% from 1 April 2023. This change does not currently affect the SA group as no deferred tax has been recognised.

## United Kingdom

The  UK  group  of  companies  has  tax  losses  available  to  carry  forward  and  utilise  against  future  profits  of £0.4 million (2021: £0.1 million).

In the UK budget speech held on 3 March 2021, the Chancellor proposed raising the corporate income tax rate from 19% to 25% from 1 April 2023. The report stage and final reading were completed on 24 May 2021 and the Bill is now regarded as substantively enacted. Due to this, the deferred tax liability recognised relating to the fair value adjustments on investment property has been adjusted and recognised at 25% in anticipation of the rate increase.

## 23. EARNINGS AND HEADLINE EARNINGS PER SHARE

The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of shares in issue during the year and a profit attributable to shareholders of the parent.

| Group  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Reconciliation of basic earnings and headline earnings per share  Profit for the year (attributable to shareholders of the parent)  1 019 737  1 192 294  Basic earnings  1 019 737  1 192 294  Headline earnings adjustments  (538 035)  (719 430)  Fair value adjustment to investment properties  (642 313)  (803 242)  Fair value adjustment to investment properties (NCI)  +  12 632  8 707  Tax effect on the above adjustments and change in  substantively enacted tax rate  143 371  75 105  Insurance proceeds from building claim  (51 725)  -  Headline earnings attributable to shareholders  481 702  472 864  Number of shares  Total number of shares in issue ('000)  474 610  432 881  Shares in issue entitled to dividends at 31 March ('000)  474 610  432 881  Weighted average number of shares in issue ('000)  440 516  421 786  Weighted average number of shares in issue entitled to dividends ('000)  440 516  421 786  Add: Weighted potential dilutive impact of conditional shares ('000)  5 319  3 724  Diluted weighted average number of shares in issue ('000)  445 835  425 510  Earnings per share  Basic earnings per share (cents)  231.49  282.68  Diluted earnings per share (cents)  228.73  280.20  Headline earnings per share  Basic headline earnings per share (cents)  109.35  112.11  Diluted headline earnings per share (cents)  108.04  111.13   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

+ Non-controlling interest

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  24.  NOTES TO THE STATEMENTS OF  CASH FLOWS  24.1  Cash generated from operations  Profit before taxation  1 302 656  1 299 226  517 563  377 003  Adjusted for:  Dividends income  -  -  (523 177)  (441 563)  Interest income  (25 904)  (44 438)  (17 506)  (19 291)  Interest expense  116 838  107 906  50 374  46 920  Restructure of loans and borrowings  6 377  -  326  -  Change in provision  4 995  7 858  3 402  2 022  Depreciation and amortisation  8 309  11 184  4 033  5 396  Equity-settled share based payment expense  11 307  14 310  10 374  13 781  Foreign exchange (gains)/losses  3 565  (5 368)  954  (9 714)  Fair value adjustment to investment properties  (642 313)  (803 242)  (13 765)  4 062  Share of losses of equity-accounted investees  471  -  -  -  Fair value adjustment to financial instruments  (121 505)  (62 668)  (11 742)  14 561  664 796  524 768  20 836  (6 823)  Changes in working capital  (13 168)  58 491  (33 880)  20 907  Decrease/(increase) in trade and other  receivables  (88 593)  44 554  (35 682)  20 416  Increase in inventory  (1 237)  (520)  (1 289)  (378)  Increase in trade and other payables  76 662  14 457  3 091  869  651 628  583 259  (13 044)  14 084  24.2  Interest received  Interest income  25 904  44 438  17 506  19 291  Outstanding interest income accrual on loans  (4 915)  (8 771)  (7 687)  (4 224)  Interest received  20 989  35 667  9 819  15 067  24.3  Interest paid  Interest expense  116 838  107 906  50 374  46 920  Interest capitalised to investment properties  (refer to note 3)  15 923  16 168  10 789  15 935  Realised losses on interest rate swaps  23 198  54 401  994  28 388  Outstanding interest expense accrual on loans  (5 656)  (6 492)  (2 752)  (3 419)  Interest on lease obligations  (17 328)  (18 980)  (214)  (332)  Interest paid  132 975  153 003  59 191  87 492   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  24.4  Dividends paid  Balance payable at beginning of year  234 102  225 983  234 102  225 983  Dividend declared  507 470  466 527  507 470  466 527  Dividends paid by subsidiary to  non-controlling interest  1 471  2 085  -  -  Balance payable at end of year  (262 459)  (234 102)  (262 459)  (234 102)  Dividends paid  480 584  460 493  479 113  458 408  24.5  Dividend received  Balance receivable at the beginning of year  229 995  184 321  Dividend income from subsidiary  523 177  441 563  Subsidiary dividend capitalised to loan  (469 770)  -  Balance receivable at end of year  (283 402)  (229 995)  -  395 889   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

24.6 The taxation paid in the prior year relates to a UK subsidiary that was liquidated and deregistered in May 2021.

Group

Company

| Note  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  24.7  Movement in net debt  Loans and borrowings  16.1  2 758 851  1 994 359  1 164 253  951 153  Lease obligations  30  272 673  304 819  1 413  2 721  Gross debt  3 031 524  2 299 178  1 165 666  953 874  Cash and cash equivalents  12  (222 333)  (171 073)  (82 209)  (76 950)  Net debt  2 809 191  2 128 105  1 083 457  876 924   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reconciliation of the movement in net debt

| Loans and  borrowings  R'000  Lease  obligations  R'000  Total  R'000  Group  Net debt at 1 April 2021  (1 994 359)  (304 819)  (2 299 178)  Net cash flows  (668 679)  32 331  (636 348)  Other non-cash movements  (193 324)  -  (193 324)  Foreign exchange adjustments  97 511  (185)  97 326  Gross debt at 31 March 2022  (2 758 851)  (272 673)  (3 031 524)  Cash and cash equivalents  222 333  Net debt at 31 March 2022  (2 809 191)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) for the year ended 31 March 2022

| Loans and  borrowings  R'000  Lease  obligations  R'000  Total  R'000  ## 24. NOTES TO THE STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)  24.7  Movement in net debt (continued)  Group  Net debt at 1 April 2020  (2 205 723)  (341 611)  (2 547 334)  Net cash flows  113 494  32 867  146 361  Other non-cash movements  9 765  -  9 765  Foreign exchange adjustments  88 105  3 925  92 030  Gross debt at 31 March 2021  (1 994 359)  (304 819)  (2 299 178)  Cash and cash equivalents  171 073  Net debt at 31 March 2021  (2 128 105)  Loans and  borrowings  R'000  Lease  obligations  R'000  Total  R'000  Company  Net debt at 1 April 2021  (951 153)  (2 721)  (953 874)  Net cash flows  (159 191)  1 522  (157 669)  Other non-cash movements  (53 909)  (214)  (54 123)  Gross debt at 31 March 2022  (1 164 253)  (1 413)  (1 165 666)  Cash and cash equivalents  82 209  Net debt at 31 March 2022  (1 083 457)  Loans and  borrowings  R'000  Lease  obligations  R'000  Total  R'000  Company  Net debt at 1 April 2020  (1 086 112)  (3 812)  (1 089 924)  Net cash flows  125 194  1 423  126 617  Other non-cash movements  9 765  (332)  9 433  Gross debt at 31 March 2021  (951 153)  (2 721)  (953 874)  Cash and cash equivalents  76 950  Net debt at 31 March 2021  (876 924)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25. SEGMENTAL INFORMATION

Segmental information is based on the geographic location of each investment property. The group trades in five of the nine provinces in South Africa and in the United Kingdom through its subsidiary Betterstore Self Storage Holdings. The group is managed on a consolidated basis and inter-segmental transactions have been eliminated. The segmental information is limited to:

- On the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income: Rental income, other income, fair value adjustments to investment properties and direct property costs.
- On the statement of financial position: Investment properties, tenant debtors, inventories, goodwill and intangible assets, loans and borrowings and lease obligations

The chief executive officer reviews the segmental information on a monthly basis.

## Segment property operating income for the year ended 31 March 2022

| Western  Cape  R'000  Gauteng  R'000  Free  State  R'000  KwaZulu-  Natal  R'000  Revenue  - Rental income  166 782  222 122  6 145  57 707  - Other income  6 440  10 776  445  2 016  Expected credit losses recognised  on tenant debtors  (562)  (1 319)  (161)  (437)  Direct property costs  (39 307)  (53 802)  (1 577)  (12 427)  Operating profit  133 353  177 777  4 852  46 859  Fair value adjustment to investment properties  53 238  83 155  2 012  (89 702)  Segment property operating income  186 591  260 932  6 864  (42 843)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Eastern  Cape  R'000  Total  South  Africa  R'000  Total  United  Kingdom  R'000  Total  combined  R'000  Revenue  - Rental income  17 988  470 744  378 972  849 716  - Other income  882  20 559  40 407  60 966  Expected credit losses recognised  on tenant debtors  (192)  (2 671)  (1 067)  (3 738)  Direct property costs  (4 599)  (111 712)  (109 568)  (221 280)  Operating profit  14 079  376 920  308 744  685 664  Fair value adjustment to investment  properties  20 129  68 832  573 481  642 313  Segment property operating income  34 208  445 752  882 225  1 327 977   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25. SEGMENTAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

Reconciliation of segmental results to profit for the year in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

| Total  R'000  Allocated  R'000  Unallocated  R'000  Property revenue  910 682  910 682  -  - Rental income  849 716  849 716  -  - Other income  60 966  60 966  -  Expected credit losses recognised on tenant debtors  (3 738)  (3 738)  -  Direct property costs  (221 280)  (221 280)  -  Net property operating income  685 664  685 664  -  Other revenue  14 594  -  14 594  - Management fees  14 594  -  14 594  Insurance proceeds from building claim  51 725  -  51 725  Administration expenses  (103 489)  -  (103 489)  Operating profit  648 494  685 664  (37 170)  Restructure of loans and borrowings  (6 377)  -  (6 377)  Fair value adjustment to investment properties  642 313  642 313  -  Foreign exchange gains/(losses)  (3 565)  -  (3 565)  Other fair value adjustments  121 505  -  121 505  Depreciation and amortisation  (8 309)  -  (8 309)  Profit before interest and taxation  1 394 061  1 327 977  66 084  Interest income  25 904  -  25 904  Interest expense  (116 838)  -  (116 838)  Share of net loss of equity-accounted investees, net of tax  (471)  -  (471)  Profit before taxation  1 302 656  1 327 977  (25 321)  Taxation expense  (271 413)  -  (271 413)  Profit for the year  1 031 243  1 327 977  (296 734)  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of taxation Total comprehensive income for the year  (137 953)  -  (137 953)  893 290  1 327 977  (434 687)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Group segment assets as at 31 March 2022

| Western  Cape  R'000  Gauteng  R'000  Free  State  R'000  KwaZulu-  Natal  R'000  Investment properties  1 998 985  2 383 706  55 355  490 560  Tenant debtors  1 201  2 489  210  629  Inventories  2 455  2 758  104  299  Goodwill and intangible assets  Loans and borrowings  -  -  -  -  Lease obligations  (21 948)  (3 319)  -  (20 607)  Eastern  Cape  R'000  Total  South  Africa  R'000  Total  United  Kingdom  R'000  Total  combined  R'000  Investment properties  161 747  5 090 353  4 444 647  9 535 000  Tenant debtors  254  4 783  14 015  18 798  Inventories  148  5 764  1 464  7 228  Goodwill and intangible assets  -  -  61 723  61 723  Loans and borrowings  -  -  (1 594 824)  (1 594 824)  Lease obligations  -  (45 874)  (225 314)  (271 188)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 25. SEGMENTAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

Group segment assets, reserves and liabilities as at 31 March 2022

| Total  R'000  Allocated  R'000  Unallocated  R'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  10 148 725  9 596 723  552 002  Investment properties  9 535 000  9 535 000  -  Property and equipment  19 975  -  19 975  Stor-Age share purchase scheme loans  84 135  -  84 135  Goodwill and intangible assets  145 706  61 723  83 983  Equity-accounted investees  246 580  -  246 580  Other receivables  -  -  -  Unlisted investment  10 838  -  10 838  Deferred taxation  6 650  -  6 650  Derivative financial assets  99 841  -  99 841  Current assets  356 911  26 026  330 885  Trade and other receivables  127 350  18 798  108 552  Inventories  7 228  7 228  -  Cash and cash equivalents  222 333  -  222 333  Total assets  10 505 636  9 622 749  882 887  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Total equity  6 643 187  -  6 643 187  Stated capital  5 374 681  -  5 374 681  Retained earnings  1 186 969  -  1 186 969  Share-based payment reserve  33 273  -  33 273  Foreign currency translation reserve  2 051  -  2 051  Total equity attributable to shareholders  6 596 974  -  6 596 974  Non-controlling interest  46 213  -  46 213  Non-current liabilities  3 135 260  1 838 218  1 297 042  Loans and borrowings  2 598 851  1 594 824  1 004 027  Derivative financial instruments  5 579  -  5 579  Deferred taxation  287 436  -  287 436  Lease obligations  243 394  243 394  -  Current liabilities  727 189  27 794  699 395  Loans and borrowings  160 000  -  160 000  Trade and other payables  221 050  -  221 050  Provisions  15 711  -  15 711  Lease obligations  29 279  27 794  1 485  Taxation payable  38 690  -  38 690  Dividends payable  262 459  -  262 459  Total equity and liabilities  10 505 636  1 866 012  8 639 624   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Segment property operating income for the year ended 31 March 2021

Western

Cape

R'000

148 655

7 374

(2 019)

(33 439)

120 571

78 973

199 544

Revenue

- Rental income

- Other income

Expected credit losses recognised on tenant debtors

Direct property costs

Operating profit

Fair value adjustment to investment properties

Segment property operating income

Gauteng

R'000

202 062

15 289

(2 376)

(47 036)

167 939

228 165

396 104

Free

State

R'000

5 310

381

(166)

(1 834)

3 691

15 712

19 403

KwaZulu-

Natal

R'000

52 338

3 327

(859)

(14 011)

40 795

72 039

112 834

| Eastern  Cape  R'000  Total  South  Africa  R'000  Total  United  Kingdom  R'000  Total  combined  R'000  Revenue  - Rental income  15 490  423 855  314 871  738 726  - Other income  1 555  27 926  33 570  61 496  Expected credit losses recognised  on tenant debtors  (344)  (5 764)  (611)  (6 375)  Direct property costs  (4 463)  (100 783)  (105 652)  (206 435)  Operating profit  12 238  345 234  242 178  587 412  Fair value adjustment to investment properties  13 062  407 951  395 291  803 242  Segment property operating income  25 300  753 185  637 469  1 390 654   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25. SEGMENTAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

Reconciliation of segmental results to profit for the year in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

| Total  R'000  Allocated  R'000  Unallocated  R'000  Property revenue  800 222  800 222  -  - Rental income  738 726  738 726  -  - Other income  61 496  61 496  -  Expected credit losses recognised on tenant debtors  (6 375)  (6 375)  -  Direct property costs  (206 435)  (206 435)  -  Net property operating income  587 412  587 412  -  Other revenue  4 510  -  4 510  - Management fees  4 510  -  4 510  Administration expenses  (89 307)  -  (89 307)  Operating profit  502 615  587 412  (84 797)  Fair value adjustment to investment properties  803 242  803 242  -  Foreign exchange gains/(losses)  5 368  -  5 368  Other fair value adjustments  62 668  -  62 668  Depreciation and amortisation  (11 184)  -  (11 184)  Profit before interest and taxation  1 362 709  1 390 654  (27 945)  Interest income  44 438  -  44 438  Interest expense  (107 906)  -  (107 906)  Share of net loss of equity-accounted investees  (15)  -  (15)  Profit before taxation  1 299 226  1 390 654  (91 428)  Taxation expense  (96 619)  -  (96 619)  Profit for the year  1 202 607  1 390 654  (188 047)  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of taxation  (120 800)  -  (120 800)  Total comprehensive income for the year  1 081 807  1 390 654  (308 847)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Group segment assets as at 31 March 2021

Investment properties

Tenant debtors

Inventories

Goodwill and intangible assets

Loans and borrowings

Lease obligations

Western

Cape

R'000

1 748 296

1 247

1 917

-

-

(22 215)

Gauteng

R'000

2 195 943

2 226

2 515

-

-

(3 237)

Free

State

R'000

51 200

168

93

-

-

-

KwaZulu-

Natal

R'000

565 067

911

385

-

-

(19 563)

| Eastern  Cape  R'000  Total  South  Africa  R'000  Total  United  Kingdom  R'000  Total  combined  R'000  Investment properties  139 200  4 699 706  3 169 615  7 869 321  Tenant debtors  294  4 846  9 941  14 787  Inventories  124  5 034  1 053  6 087  Goodwill and intangible assets  -  -  63 540  63 540  Loans and borrowings  -  -  (1 158 537)  (1 158 537)  Lease obligations  -  (45 015)  (256 715)  (301 730)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 25. SEGMENTAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

Group segment assets, reserves and liabilities as at 31 March 2021

| Total  R'000  Allocated  R'000  Unallocated  R'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  8 241 155  7 932 861  308 294  Investment properties  7 869 321  7 869 321  -  Property and equipment  15 696  -  15 696  Stor-Age share purchase scheme loans  140 041  -  140 041  Goodwill and intangible assets  147 019  63 540  83 479  Equity-accounted investees  28 637  -  28 637  Other receivables  -  -  -  Unlisted investment  5 474  -  5 474  Deferred taxation  2 701  -  2 701  Derivative financial assets  32 266  -  32 266  Current assets  260 067  20 874  239 193  Trade and other receivables  82 907  14 787  68 120  Inventories  6 087  6 087  -  Cash and cash equivalents  171 073  -  171 073  Total assets  8 501 222  7 953 735  547 487  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Total equity  5 656 753  -  5 656 753  Stated capital  4 783 903  -  4 783 903  Retained earnings  674 702  -  674 702  Share-based payment reserve  21 966  -  21 966  Foreign currency translation reserve  137 574  -  137 574  Total equity attributable to shareholders  5 618 145  -  5 618 145  Non-controlling interest  38 608  -  38 608  Non-current liabilities  1 746 619  1 429 586  317 033  Loans and borrowings  1 347 000  1 158 537  188 463  Derivative financial instruments  61 810  -  61 810  Deferred taxation  65 361  -  65 361  Lease obligations  272 448  271 049  1 399  Current liabilities  1 097 850  30 681  1 067 169  Loans and borrowings  647 359  -  647 359  Trade and other payables  173 302  -  173 302  Provisions  10 716  -  10 716  Lease obligations  32 371  30 681  1 690  Dividends payable  234 102  -  234 102  Total equity and liabilities  8 501 222  1 460 267  7 040 955   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Exposure to interest rate, credit, liquidity,  currency  and  market  risks  arise  in  the  normal  course  of  the  group's business. Derivative financial instruments are used as and when required to hedge exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and currency.

## 26.1 Financial risk management

The table below sets out the company's and group's accounting classification of each class of financial asset and liability at 31 March:

| Total  R'000  At fair value  through profit  or loss  R'000  At amortised  cost  R'000  Non-financial  instruments  R'000  Group as at 31 March 2022  Financial assets  Derivative financial assets  99 841  99 841  -  -  Unlisted investment  10 838  10 838  -  -  Stor-Age share purchase scheme loans  84 135  -  84 135  -  Cash and cash equivalents  222 333  -  222 333  -  Trade and other receivables  127 350  -  60 120  67 230  Financial liabilities  Derivative financial liabilities  5 579  5 579  -  -  Loans and borrowings  2 758 851  -  2 758 851  -  Lease obligations  272 673  -  272 673  -  Trade and other payables  221 050  -  157 830  63 220  Dividend payable  262 459  -  262 459  -  Group as at 31 March 2021  Financial assets  Derivative financial assets  32 266  32 266  -  -  Unlisted investment  5 474  5 474  -  -  Stor-Age share purchase scheme loans  140 041  -  140 041  -  Cash and cash equivalents  171 073  -  171 073  -  Trade and other receivables  82 907  -  42 024  40 883  Financial liabilities  Derivative financial liabilities  61 810  61 810  -  -  Loans and borrowings  1 994 359  -  1 994 359  -  Lease obligations  304 819  -  304 819  -  Trade and other payables  173 302  -  102 470  70 832  Dividend payable  234 102  -  234 102  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.

26.1

## FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) Financial risk management (continued)

| Total  R'000  At fair value  through profit  or loss  R'000  At amortised  cost  R'000  Non-financial  instruments  R'000  Company as at 31 March 2022  Financial assets  Derivative financial assets  1 963  1 963  -  -  Unlisted investment  10 838  10 838  -  -  Stor-Age share purchase scheme loans  84 135  -  84 135  -  Cash and cash equivalents  82 209  -  82 209  -  Trade and other receivables  50 715  -  49 463  1 252  Financial liabilities  Derivative financial liabilities  5 309  5 309  -  -  Loans and borrowings  1 164 253  -  1 164 253  -  Lease obligations  1 413  -  1 413  -  Trade and other payables  21 699  -  19 068  2 631  Dividend payable  262 459  -  262 459  -  Company as at 31 March 2021  Financial assets  Derivative financial assets  400  400  -  -  Unlisted investment  5 474  5 474  -  -  Stor-Age share purchase scheme loans  140 041  -  140 041  -  Cash and cash equivalents  76 950  -  76 950  -  Trade and other receivables  11 606  -  6 150  5 456  Financial liabilities  Derivative financial liabilities  15 624  15 624  -  -  Loans and borrowings  951 153  -  951 153  -  Lease obligations  2 721  -  2 721  -  Trade and other payables  16 009  -  13 737  2 272  Dividend payable  234 102  -  234 102  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.2 Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the group's income, cash flows or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, whilst optimising the return.

## 26.2.1 Interest rate risk

The group is exposed to interest rate risk on loans and borrowings and cash and cash equivalents.

The group enters into interest rate swaps, fixed rate loans and other interest rate derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to interest rates by hedging the interest rate exposure on floating rate loans. The group states the fair value of interest rate swaps based on broker quotes. At the reporting date, the group had entered into the following derivative financial instruments:

## 31 March 2022

| Notional  amount  R'000  Notional  amount  £'000  Maturity  date  Rate  benchmark  Fixed  rate  Fair value at  31 March  2022  R'000  ZAR denominated facilities  Nedbank  - Interest rate swap  200 000  -  03-Jun-22  3 month Jibar  4.03%  1 402  - Interest rate swap  100 000  -  05-Jun-23  3 month Jibar  4.45%  174  300 000  -  1 576  Standard Bank  - Interest rate swap  100 000  -  07-Aug-24  3 month Jibar  7.15%  (2 630)  - Interest rate swap  100 000  -  02-Aug-24  3 month Jibar  7.15%  (2 679)  200 000  -  (5 309)  Total ZAR denominated facilities  500 000  -  (3 733)  GBP denominated facilities  Santander  - Interest rate swap  95 564  5 000  31-Dec-24  Sonia  1.11%  2 399  - Interest rate swap  95 564  5 000  31-Dec-25  Sonia  1.17%  2 988  - Interest rate swap  95 564  5 000  21-Oct-26  Sonia  1.23%  3 326  - Interest rate swap  95 564  5 000  31-Mar-25  Sonia  1.74%  1 048  382 256  20 000  9 761  HSBC  - Interest rate swap  95 564  5 000  31-Dec-24  Sonia  1.09%  2 542  - Interest rate swap  95 564  5 000  31-Dec-25  Sonia  1.13%  3 249  - Interest rate swap  95 564  5 000  21-Oct-26  Sonia  1.16%  3 761  286 692  15 000  9 552  Standard Bank  - Interest rate swap  95 564  5 000  31-Dec-24  Sonia  0.94%  2 726  Total GBP denominated facilities  764 512  40 000  22 039  Total  1 264 512  40 000  18 306   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) for the year ended 31 March 2022

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 26.1 Financial risk management (continued)

## 26.2.1 Interest rate risk (continued)

At the reporting date, the group had the following interest rate swap options in place:

| Notional  amount  R'000  Notional  amount  £'000  Maturity  date  Rate  benchmark  Protection level  Fair value at  31 March  2022  R'000  Commences  Ceases  Interest rate cap  spreads  Standard Bank  50 000  -  29-Dec-23  3 month  Jibar  5.50%  7.00%  387  HSBC  95 564  5 000  31-Mar-25  Sonia  1.25%  2.25%  1 473  Total  145 564  5 000  1 860  Total  1 410 076  45 000  20 166   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the groups fixed rate borrowings are set out in note 16.

31 March 2021

| Notional  amount  R'000  Notional  amount  £'000  Maturity  date  Rate  benchmark  Fixed  rate  Fair value at  31 March  2021  R'000  ZAR denominated facilities  Nedbank  - Interest rate swap  150 000  -  03-Jun-21  3 month Jibar  3.77%  (35)  150 000  -  (35)  Nedbank  - Interest rate swap  200 000  -  03-Jun-22  3 month Jibar  4.03%  132  - Interest rate swap  100 000  -  05-Jun-23  3 month Jibar  4.45%  268  300 000  -  400  Standard Bank  - Interest rate swap  100 000  -  25-Oct-21 ^  3 month Jibar  7.60%  (2 835)  - Interest rate swap  100 000  -  15-Nov-21 ^  3 month Jibar  7.50%  (2 786)  200 000  -  (5 621)  Total ZAR denominated facilities  650 000  -  (5 256)  GBP denominated facilities  Lloyds Bank  - Interest rate swap  153 095  7 500  18-Oct-24  3 month Libor  1.14%  (4 225)  - Interest rate swap  220 457  10 800  18-Oct-27  3 month Libor  1.18%  (7 206)  - Interest rate swap  431 729  21 150  18-Oct-27  3 month Libor  0.96%  (7 582)  805 281  39 450  (19 013)  Standard Bank  - Interest rate swap  102 064  5 000  10-Feb-23  3 month Libor  0.66%  (994)  Total GBP denominated facilities  907 345  44 450  (20 007)  Total  1 557 345  44 450  (25 263)  At the reporting date, the group had the following interest rate swap options in place:  Notional  amount  R'000  Notional  amount  £'000  Maturity ^  date  Rate  benchmark  Fixed  rate  Fair value at  31 March  2021  R'000  Standard Bank*  - Swap option  100 000  -  15-Nov-21  3 month Libor  7.15%  (4 420)  - Swap option  100 000  -  25-Oct-21  3 month Libor  7.15%  (4 554)  200 000  -  (8 974)  Total  (34 237)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^ Under the swaption agreements the bank has the right to extend the agreement at 7.15% to August 2024

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) for the year ended 31 March 2022

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 26.2 Market risk (continued)

## 26.2.2 Effective interest rates

At the reporting date the group's interest rate profile was:

| Note  Effective  interest  rate  Carrying  amount  R'000  0 - 12  months  R'000  1 - 4  years  R'000  More than  4 years  R'000  2022  Cash and cash equivalents  12  222 333  222 333  -  -  ZAR denominated  - Cash on call  4.00%  -  -  -  -  - Current accounts  3.75%  149 335  149 335  -  -  GBP denominated  - Current accounts  0.11%  72 998  72 998  -  -  Stor-Age share purchase  scheme loans  4  84 135  -  -  84 135  Financial liabilities  26.2.1  18 305  1 402  16 903  -  Note  Effective  interest  rate  Carrying  amount  R'000  0 - 12  months  R'000  1 - 4  years  R'000  More than  4 years  R'000  2021  Cash and cash equivalents  12  171 073  171 073  -  -  ZAR denominated  - Cash on call  3.25%  69 012  69 012  -  -  - Current accounts  3.00%  37 108  37 108  -  -  GBP denominated  - Current accounts  0.00%  64 953  64 953  -  -  Stor-Age share purchase  scheme loans  4  140 041  -  -  140 041  Financial liabilities  26.2.1  (25 263)  (35)  (10 440)  (14 788)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The effective rates disclosed above are fixed except for cash and cash equivalents.

The bank facilities and interest rate swaps are in the name of the company except for the Pound denominated interest rate swaps which are in the name of Betterstore Self Storage Properties I Limited.

## 26.

## FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 26.2 Market risk (continued)

## 26.2.3 Hedge cover of loans and borrowings

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  ZAR denominated  1 282 017  1 135 348  1 282 017  1 135 348  GBP denominated  1 622 848  1 158 538  136 980  115 332  Total gross loans and borrowings  2 904 865  2 293 886  1 418 997  1 250 680  Surplus cash paid into loan facility  (100 000)  (299 527)  (100 000)  (299 527)  Loans and borrowings, net of cash  2 804 865  1 994 359  1 318 997  951 153  Interest rate derivatives  1 410 076  1 557 345  550 000  752 064  Fixed rate borrowings  615 410  -  214 043  -  CCIRS - fixed for floating swap  102 326  -  -  -  2 127 812  1 557 345  764 043  752 064  Effective hedge cover of loans and borrowings  75.9%  78.1%  57.9%  79.1%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.2.4 Managing interest rate benchmark reform and associated risks

The global reform of interest benchmarks includes the replacement of some interbank offered rates (IBOR) with alternative benchmark interest rates. The group has exposure to IBORs on some of its loans and borrowings and derivative contracts held with South African banks for which there remains uncertainty regarding the timing and method of transition. The group settled its loan facilities and derivative contracts linked to LIBOR in the current year and entered into new agreements and contracts linked to SONIA.

For the contracts indexed at JIBAR, uncertainty remains on the timing and method of transition. The contracts affected by the transition are set out in the table below:

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Liabilities exposed to GBP LIBOR maturing  after 31 December 2021  Loans and borrowings  -  1 043 206  -  -  Derivatives  -  28 981  -  9 968  Total  -  1 072 187  -  9 968  Liabilities exposed to ZAR JIBAR maturing  after 31 March 2022  Loans and borrowings  1 067 974  763 212  1 067 974  763 212  Derivatives  (5 309)  (5 256)  (5 309)  (5 256)  Total  1 062 665  757 956  1 062 665  757 956   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 26.2 Market risk (continued) 26.2.5 Sensitivity analysis to interest rates

The group has a mixture of fixed and floating interest bearing financial liabilities. The effect on profit or loss and equity of a change of 50 basis points in the interest rates of the unhedged floating rate loans and borrowings outstanding at the reporting date is set out below. The analysis has been prepared on the assumption that all other variables remain constant.

| Group  2022  2021*  Effect on equity and profit or loss  50 basis points increase  (4 147)  3 683  50 basis points decrease  4 147  (3 683)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*The comparative figures have been represented to align with the current year's presentation

## 26.2.6 Currency risk Currency hedging

The group has trading operations in the UK and is exposed to currency risk on its capital investment as well as the underlying earnings. The group uses cross-currency interest rate swaps as part of its treasury management plan to hedge part of its foreign currency investment. The cross-currency interest swaps are structured to receive a fixed or floating JIBAR-linked rate and pay a fixed or floating SONIA-linked rate. Details of the cross-currency interest rate swaps are set out below:

| Bank  Maturity date  Spot  Nominal  GBP'000  Nominal  ZAR'000  ZAR rate  GBP rate  Bank  Investec  26 October 2022  18.72  5 000  93 600  10.00%  Fixed  2.98%  Fixed  Nedbank  29 September 2023  20.47  2 500  51 163  7.67%*  Floating  3.00%  Fixed  Nedbank  28 March 2024  20.47  2 500  51 163  7.45%*  Floating  3.00%  Fixed  Total  10 000  195 926   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   3-month Jibar (% at 31 March 2022) + margin

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 26.2 Market risk (continued) 26.2.6 Currency risk (continued) Hedging of capital investment

The acquisition of the UK self storage operations was financed through a combination of debt and equity from South Africa, as well as in-country debt funding from borrowers in the UK. At year end, approximately 8.9% (2021: 18.1%) of the group's foreign currency net investment have been hedged through a combination of crosscurrency interest rate swaps and the GBP-denominated borrowings. The summary quantitative data about the group's exposure to currency risk is set out below:

| 31 March  2022  GBP'000  31 March  2021  GBP'000  Investment property  232 549  155 277  Loans and borrowings ^  (77 742)  (56 756)  Other assets  10 460  7 981  Other liabilities  (52 450)  (23 479)  Net investment  112 817  83 023  Nominal value of cross currency interest rate swaps  10 000  15 000  Effective hedge of net investment  8.9%  18.1%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^ Loans and borrowings include GBP-denominated borrowings secured against UK investment property

## Hedging of cash flow

To manage the impact of fluctuations in the GBP/ZAR exchange rate, the group makes use of hedging instruments for the forecast GBP earnings to be repatriated to SA for distribution purposes. In line with the group's policy the following open forward rate instruments are in place:

| Period  Hedging level  Forward rate  ZAR/GBP  FY23  90%  23.38  FY24  80%  23.25  FY25*  35%  23.78   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* For FY25, hedging instruments in place for H1 earnings only.

## 26.2.7 Sensitivity analysis to exchange rates

A reasonably possible strengthening (weakening) of ZAR against GBP would have affected the measurement of financial instruments denominated in a foreign currency and affected distributable earnings from the UK operations by the amounts shown below. The analysis takes into account the fixed hedging of cash flow as discussed above and is based on the average ZAR/GBP exchange rate for the relevant period. At a 7% (2021: 8%) movement in ZAR against GBP, the effects of the movement in the exchange rate will be fully hedged. The sensitivity analysis assumes that other macroeconomic factors remain unchanged.

for the year ended 31 March 2022

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 26.2

## Market risk (continued)

26.2.7 Sensitivity analysis to exchange rates (continued)

| Group  2022  2021  ## R'000  7% ZAR  depreciation  against  the GBP  7% ZAR  appreciation  against  the GBP  8% ZAR  depreciation  against  the GBP  8% ZAR  appreciation  against  the GBP  Distributable earnings  4 764  12 403  254  9 440   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The exchange rates used for the translation of the group's foreign operations is as follows:

| Average exchange rate  Year-end spot rate  2022  2021  2022  2021  £1/R20.29  £1/R21.35  £1/R19.11  £1/R20.41   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.3 Credit risk 26.3.1 Credit exposure

The carrying amount of each class of financial assets represents the maximum exposure to credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date was:

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Stor-Age share purchase scheme  loans  84 135  140 041  84 135  140 041  Tenant and related receivables  18 798  14 787  281  126  Related party receivables  31  14  40 825  1 872  Staff loans  114  127  108  125  Sundry receivables  41 177  27 096  8 249  4 027  Derivative financial assets  99 841  32 266  1 963  400  Intercompany receivables  -  -  577 037  387 047  Cash and cash equivalents  222 333  171 073  82 209  76 950  466 429  385 404  794 807  610 588   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Stor-Age share purchase scheme loans

The group's exposure to credit risk pertaining to the share purchase scheme loans are mitigated by the shares pledged as security to Stor-Age. In terms of the rules of the Scheme, the dividend received by a participant on their Scheme shares must be applied against the interest owing on the share purchase scheme loan owing by the participant to the company. The participant may elect to withdraw the amount by which such dividend exceeds the interest owing or apply such proceeds to the capital balance of the share purchase scheme loan.

## 26 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 26.3 Credit risk (continued)

## 26.3.1 Credit exposure (continued)

## Stor-Age share purchase scheme loans (continued)

The maximum exposure to credit risk for loans at the reporting date:

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Stor-Age share purchase scheme  loans  84 135  140 041  84 135  140 041  Shares pledged as security  (111 557)  (165 559)  (111 557)  (165 559)  Net exposure  -  -  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In assessing the measurement of any potential impairment allowance, the directors consider the expected credit losses that may arise on the share purchase scheme loans over the next 12 months. As the fair value of the shares pledged as security exceeds the share purchase scheme loans owing to the company, the directors have concluded that there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition and therefore no impairment allowance has been recognised in the current year. No impairment loss was recognised in the prior year.

No participants to whom loans were granted were in breach of their obligations.

## Intercompany receivables

The  intercompany  receivables  are  owning  by  wholly-owned  subsidiaries  of  the  company.  The  intercompany receivables are repayable on demand and have an effective interest rate of 0%. The 12-month expected credit losses basis has been applied to these receivables and the risk of a default occurring over 12 months has been assessed as low. The conclusion is based on the net asset value and underlying investment properties value of RSI, SSS JV 1 and SSS JV 2 . The company has reviewed these subsidiaries' expected cash flows and believes that the full loan balances are recoverable. In assessing whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk the directors review each company's solvency and liquidity position and its budget for the next reporting period. No impairment  loss  allowances  have  been  recognised  on  the  intercompany  receivables  in  the  current  year. No impairment allowance was recognised in the prior year.

## Related party receivables

The related party receivables relate to transactions entered into in the normal course of business with related parties other than the company's subsidiaries (see note 29). The credit risk has been assessed as low as the transactions are routine in nature and not significant. The 12-month expected credit losses basis has been used to determine the impairment allowance as the receivable has not suffered a significant increase in credit risk and the risk of default is low. No impairment allowance has been recognised in the current and prior year.

## Loans to joint ventures

The carrying value of the investments and loans of the joint ventures, set out in note 7, are supported by the value of the investment property. The development of the properties are funded by shareholder loans. The operational performance and cash flow forecast of Sunningdale indicates the ability to pay the interest on the loan. Therefore no expected credit loss has been recognised on the loan in the current and prior year. In relation to the SKJV loans, there has not been a significant increase in credit risk in relation to the cash flow models and business plans set up for each development. Therefore no expected credit losses have been recognised on the loans in the current and prior year.

for the year ended 31 March 2022

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 26.3 Credit risk (continued)

## 26.3.1 Credit exposure (continued)

## Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents are held with financial institution counterparties that have a Moody's credit rating, between A1 and Ba2, that is in line with the group's treasury management policies. The impairment allowance on cash and cash equivalents has been based on the 12-month expected credit loss basis. Based on the Moody's rating of the financial institutions, the group considers cash and cash equivalents to have a low credit risk and therefore  no  impairment  allowance  has  been  recognised  in  the  current  year.  No  impairment  allowance  was recognised in the prior year.

## Derivative financial assets

Derivative contracts are entered into with counterparties who have strong credit ratings. At the reporting date the group has derivative contracts in place with counterparties whose Moody's credit rating range between A1 and Ba2. Based on the Moody's rating of the counterparty, the group considers the derivative contracts to have a low credit risk and therefore no impairment allowance has been recognised in the current year. No impairments losses were recognised on derivate contracts in the prior year.

## Tenant and related receivables

Tenant debtors are classified as current as they are short-term in nature and generally settled within 30 days. Tenant debtors do not contain a significant financing component. Tenant debtors are initially recognised at the amount of the consideration that is unconditional. Subsequently tenant debtors are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method as they are held with the objective to collect contractual cash flows. The credit risk is mitigated as the majority of tenants pay by debit order and the group's credit policy requires the holding of rental deposits (for South African tenants) in most instances. In terms of the rental agreements entered into with tenants, the group may under certain conditions dispose of tenant goods to recover the outstanding amounts. The group's policy is to write off tenant debt that is unrecoverable after debt collecting procedures, which includes the auction of tenant goods, have been followed.

The impairment allowance is based on the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which is based on the lifetime expected credit loss allowance for all trade receivables. Further details regarding the impairment allowance is set out in note 26.3.2.

## Staff loans

Loans are only granted to employees who meet certain criteria as set out in the company's handbook. The loans are interest free and repayable over a fixed period generally not exceeding a term of 12 months. On initial recognition  the  credit  risk  and  probability  of  default  has  been  assessed  as  low  as  the  loan  repayments  are recovered directly  from  the  employee's  salary  or  any  other  funds  due  to  the  employee  on  the  termination  of employment. At the reporting date there has been no significant increase in the credit risk of staff loans and therefore in applying the 12-month expected credit loss basis, no impairment allowance has been recognised in the current year. No impairment allowance was recognised in the prior year on staff loans.

## Sundry receivables

Sundry receivables relates mainly to amounts due from clients under the group's digital services offering and acquisition fees due from SKJV1,3 and Bidco.

The group's credit risk is influenced by each client's individual characteristics. The group's credit risk is partially mitigated by the spread of its client base across Europe. Clients generally settle their debt within 30 days of the invoice date. The group reserves the right to suspend all services on accounts overdue for more than 30 days.

In relation to the acquisition fees, the group has considered the net asset value and budgets for SKJV 1, 3, and Bidco and has concluded there has been no significant increase in credit risk  from  initial  recognition  to  the reporting date.

In  applying  the  12-month  expected  credit  loss  basis  no  impairment  losses  have  been  recognised  on  sundry receivables in the current year and prior year as these are generally expected to be settled within 12 months.

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED) 26.3 Credit risk (continued) 26.3.2 Impairment loss allowances

Tenant and related receivables

The expected credit loss rates are based on historical bad debt impairments as a percentage of the tenant debtors balance adjusted for forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the tenants to settle the receivables. The group has identified the gross domestic product and unemployment rate in South Africa and the United Kingdom to be the most relevant factors and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates.

The loss allowance was determined as follows:

| Past due  0 - 30 days  Past due  31 - 60 days  Past due  61 - 120 days  Past due  &gt;120 days  Total  Group 31 March 2022  South Africa  Expected loss rate  7%  13%  51%  100%  30%  Gross carrying amount  2 466  1 278  1 136  1 402  6 282  Loss allowance  (144)  (148)  (501)  (699)  (1 492)  UK  Expected loss rate  0%  10%  51%  100%  3%  Gross carrying amount  13 587  363  440  -  14 390  Loss allowance  (115)  (38)  (229)  -  (382)  Group 31 March 2021  South Africa  Expected loss rate  5%  14%  47%  87%  32%  Gross carrying amount  2 986  1 301  1 303  1 531  7 121  Loss allowance  (157)  (178)  (609)  (1 331)  (2 275)  UK  Expected loss rate  0%  11%  54%  100%  2%  Gross carrying amount  9 695  184  225  -  10 104  Loss allowance  (21)  (20)  (122)  -  (163)  Company  31 March 2022  South Africa  Expected loss rate  3%  10%  69%  100%  32%  Gross carrying amount  155  91  107  35  388  Loss allowance  (4)  (8)  (64)  (30)  (106)  Company  31 March 2021  South Africa  Expected loss rate  6%  23%  59%  87%  36%  Gross carrying amount  82  35  41  39  197  Loss allowance  (5)  (8)  (24)  (34)  (71)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 26.3 Credit risk (continued)

26.3.2 Impairment loss allowances (continued)

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Reconciliation of loss allowance  The loss allowance for tenant debtors at  31 March reconciles to the opening loss  allowance as follows:  Opening balance at 1 April  (2 438)  (1 706)  (71)  (32)  Increase in loss allowance recognised in  profit or loss during the year  (3 743)  (7 566)  (134)  (184)  Receivables written off during the year as  uncollectible  4 235  6 764  99  145  Foreign exchange movement  72  70  -  -  Closing balance at 31 March  (1 874)  (2 438)  (106)  (71)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Stor-Age has no financial assets that have been written off that are subject to legal recovery processes.

## 26.4 Liquidity risk

The group's exposure to liquidity risk mainly arises from its loans and borrowings, lease obligations and trade and other payables. The group continuously monitors its net liquidity position on the basis of expected cash flows.

The following are the contractual maturities of financial liabilities, including interest payable. The table has been drawn up based on the contractual, undiscounted cash flows of the financial liabilities based on the earliest date the group can be required to pay.

| Carrying  amount  R'000  1 - 12  months  R'000  1 - 2 years  R'000  2 - 5 years  R'000  More than  5 years  R'000  Group 2022  Non-derivative financial  liabilities  Loans and borrowings  2 758 851  162 148  448 372  2 008 175  414 252  Lease obligations  272 673  29 450  22 103  74 111  313 159  Trade and other payables*  132 830  132 830  -  -  -  Total non-derivatives  3 164 354  324 428  470 475  2 082 286  727 411  Derivative financial liabilities  5 579  -  14 300  -  -  Total derivatives  5 579  -  14 300  -  -  Group 2021  Non-derivative financial  liabilities  Loans and borrowings  1 994 359  946 886  -  1 347 000  -  Lease obligations  304 819  34 229  32 374  97 122  353 640  Trade and other payables*  80 331  80 331  -  -  -  Total non-derivatives  2 379 509  1 061 446  32 374  1 444 122  353 640  Derivative financial liabilities  61 810  45 483  -  64 702  -  Total derivatives  61 810  45 483  -  64 702  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Includes trade creditors, other payables, related party payables and property accruals.

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 26.4 Liquidity risk (continued)

The maturity profile of the group's total and undrawn borrowing facilities are reflected below:

| 2022  2021  Maturity  Total  borrowing  facilities  R'000  Undrawn  borrowing  facilities  R'000  Total  borrowing  facilities  R'000  Undrawn  borrowing  facilities  R'000  Within 1 year  160 000  -  1 020 332  73 446  Between 1 and 3 years  1 587 042  284 984  650 000  346 206  Beyond 3 years  1 834 824  392 017  1 061 461  18 255  3 581 866  677 001  2 731 793  437 907  Carrying  amount  R'000  1 - 12  months  R'000  1 - 2 years  R'000  2 - 5 years  R'000  More than  5 years  R'000  Company 2022  Non-derivative financial  liabilities  Loans and borrowings  1 164 253  162 148  455 724  739 703  -  Lease obligations  1 413  -  -  -  -  Trade and other payables*  15 303  15 303  -  -  -  Total non-derivatives  1 180 969  177 451  455 724  739 703  -  Derivative financial liabilities  5 309  -  14 300  -  -  Total derivatives  5 309  -  14 300  -  -  Company 2021  Non-derivative financial  liabilities  Loans and borrowings  951 153  946 886  -  303 794  -  Lease obligations  2 721  1 522  1 484  -  -  Trade and other payables*  10 924  10 924  -  -  -  Total non-derivatives  964 798  959 332  1 484  303 794  -  Derivative financial liabilities  15 624  58 125  -  18 649  -  Total derivatives  15 624  58 125  -  18 649  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Includes trade creditors, other payables, related party payables and property accruals.

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 26.4 Liquidity risk (continued)

The maturity profile of the company's total and undrawn borrowing facilities are reflected below:

| 2022  2021  Maturity  Total  borrowing  facilities  R'000  Undrawn  borrowing  facilities  R'000  Total  borrowing  facilities  R'000  Undrawn  borrowing  facilities  R'000  Within 1 year  160 000  -  1 020 332  73 446  Between 1 and 3 years  1 407 000  284 983  650 000  346 206  Beyond 3 years  -  -  -  -  1 567 000  284 983  1 670 332  419 652   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27. FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY FOR FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

The fair values of all financial instruments are substantially the same as the carrying amounts reflected on the statement of financial position.

## Fair value hierarchy

The group and company measure fair values using the following hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in making the measurements:

- Level 1:   Quoted prices (unadjusted) in an active market for an identical instrument.
- Level 2: Valuation techniques based on observable inputs, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices). This category includes instruments valued using: quoted market prices in active markets for similar instruments; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are considered less than active; or other valuation techniques where all significant inputs are directly or indirectly observable from market data.
- Level 3: Valuation techniques using significant unobservable inputs. This category includes all instruments where the valuation technique includes inputs not based on observable data and the unobservable inputs have a significant effect on the instrument's valuation. This category also includes instruments that are valued based on quoted prices for similar instruments where significant unobservable adjustments or assumptions are required to reflect differences between the instruments.

Fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities that are traded in active markets are based on quoted market prices or dealer price quotations. For all other financial instruments the group and company determines fair values using valuation techniques. Valuation techniques include net present value and discounted cash flow models and comparison  to  similar  instruments  for  which  market  observable  prices  exist.  Assumptions  and  inputs  used  in valuation  techniques  include  risk-free  and  benchmark  interest  rates,  credit  spreads  and  other  premia  used  in estimating discount rates, bond and equity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, equity and equity index prices and expected price volatilities and correlations. The objective of valuation techniques is to arrive at a fair value determination  that  reflects  the  price  of  the  financial  instrument  at  the  reporting  date,  that  would  have  been determined by market participants acting at arm's length.

The group and company uses widely recognised valuation models for determining the fair value of common and more simple financial instruments, such as interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps that use only observable market data and require little management judgement and estimation. Observable prices and model inputs are usually available in the market for listed debt and equity securities, exchange traded derivatives and simple over-the-counter derivatives such as interest rate swaps. Availability of observable market prices and model inputs reduces the need for management judgement and estimation and also reduces the uncertainty associated with determination of fair values.

## 27. FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY FOR FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)

The table below analyses financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value, by valuation method, and investment properties:

| Note  Level 1  R'000  Level 2  R'000  Level 3  R'000  Carrying  amount at  31 March  R'000  Group  2022  Assets  -  110 679  9 535 000  9 645 679  Investment properties  3  -  -  9 535 000  9 535 000  Derivative financial assets  9  -  99 841  -  99 841  Unlisted investment  8  -  10 838  -  10 838  Liabilities  -  5 579  -  5 579  Derivative financial liabilities  16.2  -  5 579  -  5 579  2021  Assets  -  37 740  7 869 321  7 907 061  Investment properties  3  -  -  7 869 321  7 869 321  Derivative financial assets  9  -  32 266  -  32 266  Unlisted investment  8  -  5 474  -  5 474  Liabilities  -  61 810  -  61 810  Derivative financial liabilities  16.2  -  61 810  -  61 810  Company  2022  Assets  -  12 801  767 463  780 264  Investment properties  3  -  -  767 463  767 463  Derivative financial assets  9  -  1 963  -  1 963  Unlisted investment  8  -  10 838  -  10 838  Liabilities  -  5 309  -  5 309  Derivative financial liabilities  16.2  -  5 309  -  5 309  2021  Assets  -  5 874  620 544  626 418  Investment properties  3  -  -  620 544  620 544  Derivative financial assets  9  -  400  -  400  Unlisted investment  8  -  5 474  -  5 474  Liabilities  -  15 624  -  15 624  Derivative financial liabilities  16.2  -  15 624  -  15 624   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) for the year ended 31 March 2022

## 27. FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY FOR FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)

## Level 2 fair values

The following table shows the valuation techniques used in measuring level 2 fair values:

| Type  Valuation technique  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Inter-relationship between  key unobservable inputs and  fair value measurements  Derivative  financial  instruments -  Forward  exchange  contracts  Fair valued monthly by Investec  and Nedbank using mark-to-  market mid market values. This  fair value is determined, inter alia,  using quoted forward exchange  rates at the reporting date and  present value calculations.  Not applicable  Not applicable  Derivative  financial  instruments  -  Cross currency  interest rate  swaps  Fair valued monthly by Investec  and Nedbank using mark-to-  market mid market values. This  involves, inter alia, discounting  the future cash flows using the  basis swap curves of the  respective currencies at the dates  when the cash flows will take  place.  Not applicable  Not applicable  Derivative  financial  instruments  -  Interest rate  derivatives  Fair valued monthly by Nedbank,  Standard Bank, HSBC and  Santander using mark-to-market  mid market values. This involves,  inter alia, discounting the future  cash flows using the yield curves  at the reporting date and the  credit risk inherent in the contract.  Not applicable  Not applicable  Unlisted  investment*  Fair valued monthly by Cadiz  Asset Management in relation to  underlying performance of the  fund using appropriate discount  and default rates.  Not applicable  Not applicable   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Level 3 fair values

The following table shows the valuation techniques used in measuring level 3 fair values:

| Type  Valuation technique  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Interrelationship between key  unobservable inputs and fair  value measurements  Investment  properties  Refer to note 3  Refer to note 3  Refer to note 3   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There have been no transfers to or from level 3 in the current year and prior year.

* The investment is held in products with Cadiz Life Limited which provides loans to black-owned businesses and beneficiaries at affordable interest rates with the purpose of complying with the BBBEE codes

## 28. USE OF ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

Management has made judgements and estimates that impact the application of the group's accounting policies and the reported financial results. Management discusses with the Audit and Risk Committee the development, selection and disclosure of the group's critical accounting policies and estimates and the application of these policies and estimates. Any changes made in estimates are recognised prospectively.

## 28.1 Judgements

Significant judgements made in applying the group's accounting policies and are set out in the notes listed below:

- Note 7: Classification of joint arrangements Judgement is used to determine the nature of the group's joint arrangements and whether the equity-accounting method is appropriate. In the current year judgment has been applied to conclude that the group has jointcontrol over Sunningdale JV, SKJV 1-3 and SKJV Bidco. The group further concluded that as a result of the joint-control relationship that the equity-method should be applied.
- Note 3: Acquisition of property subsidiaries Judgement is applied when determining whether the acquisition of subsidiary should be accounted for as an asset acquisition in terms of IAS 40 Investment Property or as a business combination in terms of IFRS 3 Business Combinations . In the current year where the group the concluded that the acquisition of Project Mars Limited should be treated as an asset acquisition.

## 28.2 Assumptions and estimation uncertainties

Significant assumptions and estimation uncertainties at the reporting date and are set out in the notes listed below:

The discounted cash flow of net operating income valuation method is used which assumes the net operating income for the next 10 years until the notional sale of the asset in year 10, taking into account the occupancy levels, estimated growth in revenue and operating costs. The discount rate is also adjusted for any projected

- Note 3: Valuation of investment properties to fair value market, business and financial volatility.
- Note 26.3.1: Determining the expected credit loss allowance of financial assets Judgement is used to determine the recoverability of tenant and related receivables based on security held, experience with similar tenants, the period the amount is overdue and knowledge of the tenant's circumstances.

The discounted cash flow of net operating income valuation method is used which assumes the net operating income for the next 10 years, taking into account the properties under management and the estimated growth in asset and property management fees and operating costs. The discount rate is also adjusted for any projected

- Note 5: Determining the goodwill and intangible assets impairment market, business and financial volatility.
- Note 22: Group's taxation

The group is subject to tax in multiple jurisdictions and therefore an element of judgement and estimation is applied in calculating the group's tax charge and provision for income taxes. The relevant tax authorities may disagree with the tax computation and therefore the final tax charge cannot be calculated until an assessment has been made by the tax authority.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## for the year ended 31 March 2022

## 29. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

These related parties include directors of the company and key management personnel who are responsible for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the company. The shares of Stor-Age Property REIT are widely held.

## 29.1 Identity of the related parties with whom material transactions have occurred

Subsidiaries

- Betterstore Self Storage Holdings Limited
- Gauteng Storage Properties Proprietary Limited
- Roeland Street Investments Proprietary Limited
- Roeland Street Investments 2 Proprietary Limited
- Unit Self Storage Proprietary Limited
- SSS JV 1 Proprietary Limited
- SSS JV 2 Proprietary Limited
- Stor-Age International Proprietary Limited

Equity-accounted investees

- Sunningdale Self Storage Proprietary Limited
- SKJV 1 Limited
- SKJV 2 Limited
- SKJV 3 Limited
- SKJV Bidco Limited

Directors as listed in the directors' report

Key management personnel

Related through common shareholding/directorships or affiliation with related parties

- Madison Square Holdings Close Corporation-(SC Lucas, SJ Horton and GM Lucas are beneficiaries of the SPH Trust (MSH's member))
- Stor-Age Property Holdings Proprietary Limited-(SC Lucas, SJ Horton and GM Lucas are directors)

## 29.2 Material related party transactions and balances

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Related party balances  Intercompany payables  Gauteng Storage Properties Proprietary Limited  -  -  33 926  4 743  Unit Self Storage Proprietary Limited  -  -  3 377  9 622  Roeland Street Investments 2 Proprietary Limited  -  -  29 887  27 001  Intercompany receivables  Roeland Street Investments Proprietary Limited  -  -  390 188  387 047  SSS JV 1 Proprietary Limited  -  -  110 507  -  SSS JV 2 Proprietary Limited  -  -  76 342  -  Amounts - owing to related parties  - Gauteng Storage Properties Proprietary Limited  -  -  35  3  - Roeland Street Investments Proprietary Limited  -  -  395  253  - Roeland Street Investments 2 Proprietary Limited  -  -  89  170  - Unit Self Storage Proprietary Limited  -  -  160  94  Amounts - owing by related parties  - Betterstore Self Storage Operations Limited  -  -  9 156  1 449  - Stor-Age Property Holdings Proprietary Limited  2  11  2  11  - Roeland Street Investments Proprietary Limited  -  -  279  151  - Roeland Street Investments 2 Proprietary Limited  -  -  54  66  - Madison Square Holdings Close Corporation  29  3  29  3  - Unit Self Storage Proprietary Limited  -  -  17  31  - Gauteng Storage Properties Proprietary Limited  -  -  6  161  Related party transactions  Dividend income  Roeland Street Investments Proprietary Limited  -  -  443 845  352 892  Roeland Street Investments 2 Proprietary Limited  -  -  78 445  88 671  SSS JV 1 Proprietary Limited  -  -  886  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

29.2 Material related party transactions and balances (continued)

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Interest income on Stor-Age share purchase  scheme loans  Directors and key management personnel  7 781  13 575  7 781  13 575  Related party interest income  Betterstore Self Storage Operations Limited  -  -  3 720  29  Sunningdale Self Storage Proprietary Limited  2 022  801  2 022  801  Related party construction fees incurred  Madison Square Holdings Close Corporation  33 272  99 227  22 336  63 764  Related party development fees income  Sunningdale Self Storage Proprietary Limited  631  218  631  437  Related party recovery of costs  Madison Square Holdings Close Corporation  1 000  2 400  1 000  2 400  Betterstore Self Storage Operations Limited  -  -  -  1 120  Office lease payments  Stor-Age Property Holdings Proprietary Limited  1 522  1 423  1 522  1 423  Acquisition fees income  SKJV 1-3 and SKJV Bidco  5 871  -  5 871  -  Management fee income  SKJV Bidco  2 133  -  -  -  Betterstore Self Storage Operations Limited  -  -  31 283  -  Disposal of investment property  SSS JV 2 Proprietary Limited  -  -  32 500  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The directors' and company secretary's direct and indirect shareholding in the company and their remuneration is reflected in notes 29.3 and 29.4. Apart from their salaries and their participation in the Stor-Age share purchase scheme loans, the group provides no non-cash benefits to directors.

## 29.3 Directors' and company secretary's shareholdings

| Direct  beneficial  Indirect  Total  Percentage  31 March 2022  GM Lucas  2 399 802  7 021 513  9 421 315  1.99%  SJ Horton  2 399 803  3 082 802  5 482 605  1.16%  SC Lucas  2 399 802  7 021 513  9 421 315  1.99%  GA Blackshaw  -  1 742 648  1 742 648  0.37%  KM de Kock  14 000  -  14 000  0.00%  HH-O Steyn (company secretary)  -  300 000  300 000  0.06%  JAL Chapman  176 650  356 411  533 061  0.11%  7 390 057  19 524 887  26 914 944  5.67%  31 March 2021  GM Lucas  3 650 251  7 021 513  10 671 764  2.47%  SJ Horton  3 650 251  3 082 802  6 733 053  1.56%  SC Lucas  3 650 252  7 021 513  10 671 765  2.47%  MS Moloko  64 907  -  64 907  0.01%  GA Blackshaw  -  1 742 648  1 742 648  0.40%  HH-O Steyn (company secretary)  -  300 000  300 000  0.07%  JAL Chapman  132 279  -  132 279  0.03%  11 147 940  19 168 476  30 316 416  7.00%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There has been no change in the directors' and company secretary's shareholding since the reporting date and up to the date of the approval of the financial statements.

On 23 November 2021 Stor-Age Property Holdings Pty Ltd ('SPH') entered into a Further Amended and Restated Facility  Agreement  ('the  Loan  Facility')  with  Investec  Bank  Limited  ('the  Lender')  for  a  borrowing  facility  of R58.5 million. The shareholder of SPH is the Stor-Age Property Holdings Trust ('SPH Trust'). Gavin Lucas, Stephen Lucas and Steven Horton, who are the executive directors of Stor-Age, are ultimate beneficiaries of the SPH Trust. The Loan Facility has a 36 month term, bears interest at the prime overdraft rate less 0.75% and is secured by the pledge of 16.514 million Stor-Age shares ('the pledged shares') in favour of the Lender.

The pledged shares relate to Stor-Age shares held by SPH, the SPH Trust and other companies and trusts related to the executive directors ('the related entities'). At 31 March 2022, the outstanding balance on the Facility was R36.0 million (2021: R46.7 million). The related entities held 24.163 million (2021: 24.163 million) Stor-Age shares at 31 March 2022.

There has been no change to the disclosures set out above between the year end and the date of approval of the annual financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) for the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  R'000  2021  R'000  ## 29.4 Directors' remuneration  Fees paid to non-executive directors for meeting attendance were as follows:  A Varachhia (investment committee)  266  60  GA Blackshaw (social and ethics committee, investment committee and  remuneration committee)  324  311  GBH Fox (audit and risk committee and remuneration committee)  -  75  JAL Chapman (investment committee)  251  241  KM de Kock (audit and risk committee and remuneration committee)  308  292  MPR Morojele (audit and risk committee and remuneration committee)  298  161  MS Moloko ^  (social and ethics committee and audit and risk committee)  74  286  P Mbikwana (social and ethics committee and audit and risk committee)  298  265  1 819  1 691   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^ MS Moloko resigned on 30 June 2021

Fees paid to executive directors were as follows:

The executive directors' remuneration is paid by Stor-Age Property REIT Limited:

GM Lucas

SJ Horton

SC Lucas

| 2022  Basic  salary  R'000  Other  benefits  R'000  Short-term  incentives  R'000  Total  R'000  Value of  equity settled  share-based  payment  awards  granted  R'000  Total  R'000  3 000  -  1 500  4 500  1 941  6 441  3 000  -  1 500  4 500  1 941  6 441  3 000  -  1 500  4 500  1 941  6 441  9 000  -  4 500  13 500  5 823  19 323   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  Basic  salary  R'000  Other  benefits  R'000  Short-term  incentives  R'000  Total  R'000  Value of  equity settled  share-based  payment  awards  granted  R'000  Total  R'000  GM Lucas  2 000  -  700  2 700  2 409  5 109  SJ Horton  2 000  -  700  2 700  2 409  5 109  SC Lucas  2 000  -  700  2 700  2 409  5 109  6 000  -  2 100  8 100  7 227  15 327   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The directors listed in the note above are the key management personnel of the group.

## 30. LEASE OBLIGATIONS

The group leases properties under short-term and long-term leases. The right-of-use assets for the properties, which trade as self-storage facilities, have been recognised as part of investment properties on the fair value model. Lease payments for the SA properties are subject to an annual fixed escalation. In the UK, lease payments are reviewed every five years to reflect market rentals. The majority of the leasehold properties' rent review will take place in the forthcoming financial year. The group is restricted from entering into sub-letting agreements for some of the properties.

The group also leases head offices in SA and the UK. The right of use assets for these head offices are classified as property and equipment and amortised over the term of the lease.

The statement of financial position reflects the following amounts relating to leases:

| Group  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Right-of use-assets  Investment properties (note 3)  965 423  981 540  -  -  Property and equipment  1 162  2 645  1 102  2 305  966 585  984 185  1 102  2 305  Lease liabilities  Current  29 279  32 371  1 360  1 384  Non-current  243 394  272 448  53  1 337  272 673  304 819  1 413  2 721  The statement of profit or loss reflects the  following amounts relating to leases:  Fair value adjustment in investment  properties  14 544  47 817  -  -  Depreciation charge on right-of-use assets  (1 477)  (1 491)  (1 203)  (1 203)  Interest expense  (17 328)  (18 980)  (214)  (332)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30. LEASE OBLIGATIONS (CONTINUED)

The terms of the leases for the leasehold properties are set out below:

| Property  Commencement date  Termination date  Location  Stor-Age Constantia Kloof  December 2012  June 2051  South Africa  Stor-Age Somerset Mall  April 2012  June 2037  South Africa  Stor-Age Tokai*  October 2014  September 2024  South Africa  Stor-Age Springfield  ^  April 2019  March 2050  South Africa  Storage King Aylesford  October 2007  October 2032  United Kingdom  Storage King Basildon  August 2007  July 2032  United Kingdom  Storage King Dunstable  October 2007  October 2032  United Kingdom  Storage King Epsom  February 2008  February 2033  United Kingdom  Storage King Woodley  June 2007 &amp;  December 2007  June 2032 &amp;  December 2032  United Kingdom  Storage King West  Bromwich  June 2012  June 2022  United Kingdom  Storage King Warrington  January 2020  January 2040  United Kingdom  Storage King Nottingham  July 2008  November 2032  United Kingdom   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*     Stor-Age Tokai comprises both a freehold (7 494 m² GLA) and leasehold (620 m² GLA) component. The lease terms set out above relate to the lease of a section of the property. The property is subject to a long land lease.

^ Refers to the date of initial application with the adoption of IFRS 16.

## 31. IMPACT OF RUSSIAN INVASION OF UKRAINE ON OPERATIONS

The group's operations in the UK have not been affected by Russia's invasion of Ukraine.

## 32. GOING CONCERN

The directors have assessed the group and company's ability to continue as a going concern.

At 31 March 2022 the group's current liabilities exceed its current assets by R370.3 million (company: current assets exceed current liabilities by R476.0 million).

Included in current liabilities is a three-month rolling loan note of R160.0 million which is refinanced on a quarterly basis.  The  group  has  sufficient  access  to  undrawn  borrowing  facilities  to  settle  this  liability  if  required.  Also included in current liabilities is the dividend payable of R262.5 million.

At the reporting date, the group had access to cash resources of R322.3 million (including cash held in its longterm  debt  facilities)  (company:  R182.2  million).  The  group's  total  undrawn  borrowing  facilities  amounted  to R677.0 million (company: R285.0 million).

Taking the above factors into account, the board is satisfied that the group and company have sufficient facilities to meet its foreseeable cash requirements.

## 33. EVENTS AFTER REPORTING DATE

The board is not aware of any other events that have a material impact on the results or disclosures of the group and which have occurred subsequent to the end of the reporting period.

## PROPERTY ANALYSIS Trading properties

34. 34.1

## Gross lettable area (m 2 ) Valuation (R'000) 31 March 2022 Valuation (R'000) 31 March 2021

| ## Property name  ## Address  ## Province  Stor-Age Gardens  121 Roeland Street, Gardens, Cape Town  Western Cape  12 285  267 220  246 781  Stor-Age Table View  121 Koeberg Road, Corner of Koeberg and Blaauwberg  Road, Table View, Cape Town  Western Cape  10 105  163 966  169 170  Stor-Age Claremont  Corner Main Road and Brooke Street, Claremont,  Cape Town  Western Cape  9 031  175 125  166 245  Stor-Age Pinehurst  Corner of Pinehurst Drive and Okavango Road, Pinehurst,  Cape Town  Western Cape  10 649  139 418  143 562  Stor-Age Tokai (*)  64-74 White Road, Retreat, Cape Town  Western Cape  8 114  149 432  141 300  Storage RSA Somerset West  24 Ou Paardevlei, Somerset West, Cape Town  Western Cape  7 720  97 180  89 859  Storage RSA Durbanville  2-8 Plein Street, Durbanville, Cape Town  Western Cape  7 720  111 671  109 188  Stor-Age Stellenbosch  7 George Blake and 6 Stoffel Smit, Stellenbosch  Western Cape  6 213  79 729  79 822  Stor-Age Bellville  Corner of Peter Barlow and Kasselsvlei Road, Bellville,  Cape Town  Western Cape  5 880  72 685  69 502  Stor-Age Edgemead  1 Southdale Road Edgemead, Cape Town  Western Cape  5 058  72 177  69 242  Stor-Age Sea Point  67 Regent Road, Sea Point, Cape Town  Western Cape  2 902  64 470  61 146  Stor-Age Somerset Mall (*)  Corner Forsyth Road and De Beers Avenue, Somerset West  Western Cape  5 476  53 375  48 431  Stor-Age Stikland  11 Danie Uys St, Stikland, Cape Town  Western Cape  7 226  86 148  87 318  Stor-Age Heritage Park  42 Delson Circle, Heritage Park, Somerset West,  Cape Town  Western Cape  5 006  48 386  46 059  Stor-Age Maitland  255 Voortrekker Road, Maitland, Cape Town  Western Cape  1 411  21 675  25 500  Stor-Age Ottery- Springfield Road  Corner Bloemof Avenue and Springfield Street, Ottery  Western Cape  5 475  58 118  57 750  Stor-Age Tyger Valley  210 Durban Road, Oakdale, Bellville, Cape Town  Western Cape  3 992  89 430  -  Stor-Age Brackenfell - Silverpark  9 Silver Street, Brackenfell Industria, Brackenfell, Cape Town  Western Cape  7 629  68 484  -  Stor-Age Ottery Road  5 John Tyres Close, Ottery, Cape Town  Western Cape  5 353  53 167  -  Stor-Age Brooklyn  Corner Jan Shoba and Justice Mohammed St., Pretoria  Gauteng  7 443  113 841  107 184  Stor-Age Bryanston  1 Vlok Road, Bryanston, Sandton  Gauteng  6 149  126 110  115 774  Stor-Age Craighall  376A Jan Smuts Avenue, Craighall, Randburg, 2024  Gauteng  6 547  119 080  118 009  Stor-Age Cresta  290 Weltevreden Road, Cresta, Blackheath, Randburg  Johannesburg  Gauteng  3 858  111 810  -  Stor-Age Edenvale  60 Civin Drive, Germiston, Johannesburg  Gauteng  8 637  177 040  161 450  Stor-Age Irene  Corner 24th Street and 40th Avenue, Irene, Pretoria  Gauteng  5 049  33 160  30 237  Stor-Age Mooikloof  738 Blesbok Street., Pretoria East  Gauteng  5 525  43 807  39 117  Stor-Age Randburg  225 Braam Fischer Drive, Randburg, Johannesburg  Gauteng  6 778  108 600  99 807  Stor-Age Silver Lakes  Six Fountains Boulevard, Pretoria  Gauteng  8 645  96 647  90 528  Stor-Age Sunninghill  4 Kikuyu Road, Sunninghill, Johannesburg  Gauteng  7 706  174 880  154 374  Stor-Age Lyttleton  1250 Theron Street, Pierre van Rhyneveld  Gauteng  20 914  174 420  173 080   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

## Gross lettable area (m 2 ) Valuation (R'000) 31 March 2022 Valuation (R'000) 31 March 2021

## Province

## Address

## Property name

| Storage RSA Constantia Kloof  17 JG Strijdom Road, Weltevredenpark  Gauteng  7 977  104 680  105 467  Storage RSA Centurion  65 Freight Road, Louwlardia, Midrand  Gauteng  7 608  95 300  86 013  Stor-Age Hennopspark  Jakaranda Street, Hennopspark  Gauteng  9 371  81 717  85 222  Stor-Age Boksburg  37 View Point Road, Bartlett, Boksburg  Gauteng  7 190  90 670  94 000  Stor-Age Kempton Park  Corner of Cheetah and Klipspringer Street, Kempton Park  Gauteng  9 202  84 366  84 731  Stor-Age Constantia Kloof (*)  Corner of Hendrik Potgieter and 14th Avenue,  Constantia Kloof  Gauteng  5 357  100 281  102 232  Stor-Age Zwartkop  70 Migmatite Street, Zwartkop ext 13  Gauteng  9 293  78 720  80 000  Stor-Age Samrand  29 Rietspruit Road, Samrand, Pretoria  Gauteng  8 005  80 138  67 046  Stor-Age Jhb City  32 Rosettenville Road, Village Main, Jhb City  Gauteng  7 844  61 694  61 800  Stor-Age Midrand  492 Komondor Road, Glen Austin X3, Midrand  Gauteng  7 137  77 052  71 827  Stor-Age Garsfontein  Plot 13 Garsfontein Road, Grootfontein  Gauteng  9 696  52 959  52 153  Stor-Age Mnandi  39 Tulip Avenue, Raslow  Gauteng  8 228  49 226  47 960  Stor-Age West Rand  Portion 610, St Antonios Road, Muldersdrift  Gauteng  4 515  38 773  27 405  Stor-Age Pretoria West  1384 Malie Street, Pretoria West  Gauteng  4 161  17 730  14 900  Stor-Age Berea  23 Calder Road, Berea, Durban  KwaZulu-Natal  7 863  99 639  94 170  Stor-Age Mount Edgecombe  33 Flanders Drive, Blackburn, Durban  KwaZulu-Natal  9 046  157 420  152 261  Stor-Age Springfield (*)  166 Inersite Avenue, Umgeni Business Park  KwaZulu-Natal  5 534  82 478  79 299  Stor-Age Waterfall  1 Nguni Way and 127 Brackenhill Road, Hillcrest  KwaZulu-Natal  5 897  50 638  137 509  Stor-Age Durban CBD  200 Gale Street, Durban  KwaZulu-Natal  3 896  36 471  35 461  Stor-Age Glen Anil  2014 Old North Coast Road, Mt Edgecombe  KwaZulu-Natal  3 975  44 913  47 397  Stor-Age Bloemfontein  Sand Du Plessis Avenue, Estoire, Bloemfontein  Free State  6 647  55 355  51 200  Stor-Age Greenbushes  Plot 136 Old Cape Road, Port Elizabeth  Eastern Cape  11 032  83 400  72 880  Stor-Age Westering  85 Warbler Road, Westering, Port Elizabeth  Eastern Cape  6 774  78 347  66 320  ## Total SA properties  380 744  4 853 218  4 417 688   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average rental per square metre (m²) of occupied space for SA properties at 31 March 2022 is R119.2/m² (2021: R111.4/m²). *  Leasehold properties. Details of lease obligations are set out in note 30.

## PROPERTY ANALYSIS (CONTINUED) Trading properties (continued)

34. 34.1

## Property name Address Region Gross lettable area (m 2 ) Gross lettable area (Sqf) Valuation (£'000) 31 March 2022 Valuation (R'000) 31 March 2022 Valuation (£'000) 31 March 2021 Valuation (R'000) 31 March 2021

| Storage King Aylesford  (*)  Units 2 and 3, New Hythe  Business Park, Bellingham Way,  Aylesford, ME20 7HP  South East  4 035  43 435  4 628  88 446  4 299  87 754  Storage King Basildon  (*)  Unit 1, Carnival Park, Carnival  Close, Basildon, SS14 3WN  East  4 219  45 411  4 988  95 339  5 100  104 105  Storage King Bedford  Unit 2 Caxton Road, Bedford,  MK41 OHT  East Midlands  4 495  48 385  17 320  331 033  15 120  308 640  Storage King Blackpool  Tellcom Business Centre, 20  Clifton Rd, Blackpool FY4 4QA  North West  2 609  28 083  4 450  85 052  -  -  Storage King  Cambridge  505 Coldhams Lane,  Cambridge, CB1 3JS  East  5 869  63 176  18 560  354 733  14 400  293 943  Storage King Chester  1 Hartford Way, Sealand  Industrial Estate, Chester, CH1  4NT  North West  2 165  23 309  9 020  172 397  3 660  74 711  Storage King Crewe  Unit 2 and 3 at the Railway  Exchange, Weston Road,  Crewe, CW1 6AA  North West  4 011  43 176  8 550  163 414  7 540  153 912  Storage King Dartford  599 to 613 Princes Road,  Dartford, DA2 6HH  South East  4 261  45 870  15 860  303 128  13 420  273 939  Storage King Derby  Units 8-14, Hansard Gate, West  Meadows Industrial Estate,  Derby, DE21 6AR  East Midlands  5 188  55 840  12 790  244 452  10 890  222 294  Storage King Doncaster  1 Carriage Drive, White Rose  Way, Doncaster, DN4 5JH  Yorkshire  3 534  38 042  8 630  164 943  7 190  146 767  Storage King Dudley  Unit 8 Iconic Park, Birmingham,  New Road, Dudley, DY1 4SR  West Midlands  3 405  36 647  5 600  107 031  3 510  71 649  Storage King Dunstable  (*)  Unit 1, Nimbus Park, Porz  Avenue, Houghton Road,  Dunstable, LU5 5WZ  East  3 338  35 935  3 058  58 454  3 199  65 300  Storage King Epsom (*)  Units 5 and 6, Epsom Trade  Park, Blenheim Road, Epsom,  KT19 9DU  South East  3 110  33 475  4 833  92 371  5 061  103 309  Storage King  Gloucester  Unit 3, Barnwood Point,  Corinium Avenue, Barnwood,  Gloucester, GL4 3HX  South West  4 067  43 775  7 840  149 844  6 850  139 827  Storage King Harrogate  Ripon Road, Harrogate, North  Yorkshire, HG1 2BS  North Yorkshire  3 882  41 782  15 230  291 087  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

## Gross lettable area (m 2 ) Gross lettable area (Sqf) Valuation (£'000) 31 March 2022 Valuation (R'000) 31 March 2022 Valuation (£'000) 31 March 2021 Valuation (R'000) 31 March 2021

Region

## Property name Address

| Storage King  Huddersfield  Phoenix Retail Park, Leeds Rd,  Huddersfield HD1 6NE  West Yorkshire  2 541  27 346  11 040  211 005  -  -  Storage King Milton  Keynes  39 Barton Road, Bletchley,  Milton Keynes, MK2 3BA  South East  3 173  34 150  8 460  161 694  7 860  160 444  Storage King  Nottingham (*)  Land and Buildings at Distribution  Centre, Radford Road,  Nottingham, NG7 7NQ  Midlands  4 680  50 376  4 603  87 971  3 824  78 058  Storage King Oxford  1 Bobby Fryer Close, Garsington  Road, Oxford, OX4 6ZN  South East  7 020  75 563  17 480  334 091  13 800  281 695  Storage King  Shrewsbury  Unit 2 8B Storage King Archers  Way Battlefield Enterprise Park,  Shrewsbury, SY1 3GA  West Midlands  3 319  35 721  5 330  101 871  4 980  101 655  Storage King  Wakefield  Kirkgate,Wakefield, South  Yorkshire, WF1 1UW  South Yorkshire  2 733  29 418  7 040  134 554  -  -  Storage King  Warrington (*)  1 Colville Court Winwick Quay  Warrington, WA2 8QT  North West  3 022  32 526  3 451  65 960  3 142  64 137  Storage King West  Bromwich (*)  AGL House, Birmingham Road,  West Bromwich, West Midlands,  B71 4JY  West Midlands  2 310  24 862  937  17 904  1 225  25 006  Storage King  Weybridge  Unit 28 Trade City, Avro Way,  Brooklands Business Park,  Weybridge, KT13 0YF  South East  6 668  71 770  18 820  359 702  16 160  329 869  Storage King Woodley  (*)  Unit 5, Area 9, Headley Road  East, Woodley, RG5 4SQ  South East  4 300  46 284  3 841  73 413  4 047  82 610  Storage King York  Water Lane, York, North  Yorkshire, YO30 6PQ  North Yorkshire  3 137  33 776  10 190  194 759  -  -  Total UK properties  101 091  1 088 133  232 549  4 444 647  155 277   3 169 624   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The closing average rental rate of UK properties is £23.63 per square foot (2021: £21.49 per square foot)

The valuations set out above are gross values before the deduction of investment property lease obligations.

*  Leasehold properties. Details of lease obligations are set out in note 30

## 34. PROPERTY ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)

## 34.2 Properties under development

| Property name  Address  Province  Valuation  (R'000)  31 March  2022  Valuation  (R'000)  31 March  2021  Bryanston  4 Cross Road, Bryanston  Gauteng  19 622  16 276  Kramerville  Corner of Dartfield Road and  Commerce Crescent  Gauteng  23 817  -  Hillcrest  23/25 Highlands Road, Hillcrest  KwaZulu-Natal  19 000  19 000  De Waterkant  3-9 Rose Street, Cape Town  Western Cape  54 754  49 000  Paarden Eiland  Along Marine Drive  Western Cape  31 584  -  Pinelands  Corner of Howard Drive and  Gardeners Way  Western Cape  41 373  -  Morningside  Portion 5 (a portion of portion 3)  of Erf 1543 morningside extension 12  township registration division i.r  Gauteng  46 985  32 599  237 135  116 875   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35. VOLUNTARY CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICY - NON-DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

The group has elected to voluntarily change its accounting policy in relation to its non-distributable reserves.

The group's previous policy was that all unrealised surpluses or deficits arising on the fair value measurements of investment  properties  through  the  statement  of  changes  in  equity,  interest  rate  swaps  and  unrealised  foreign exchange contracts are transferred to the non-distributable reserve, through the statement of changes in equity, and are not available for distribution. Similarly, all realised surpluses or deficits arising on the disposal of investment properties are transferred to a non-distributable reserve, through the statement of changes in equity, and are not available for distribution. Gain on bargain purchases are also transferred to a non-distributable reserve and are not available for distribution. Profits arising from the restructure of directly held subsidiaries are recognised directly in equity and not available for distribution.

The nature of the change is that the group will no longer transfer items to or from retained earnings, which are not included in the distribution to shareholders, to a separate reserve. The group will also no longer present a separate non-distributable reserve. All non-distributable gains or losses will be disclosed in retained earnings or accumulated loss  within  equity.  The  group  believes  that  the  change  in  accounting  policy  will  result  in  a  more  accurate representation of the group's retained earnings. The group has restated the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity. The statement of comprehensive income remains unaffected by this change in accounting policy.

Notwithstanding the voluntary change in accounting policy, the group does not intend to distribute the unrealised surplus or deficits that were previously classified as non-distributable.

The  impact  of  the  change  in  accounting  policy  on  the  group  and  company's  financial  statements  are indicated below:

| ## Group  As previously  reported  31 March  2021  R'000  Adjustment  R'000  As restated  31 March  2021  R'000  Statement of financial position  Equity and liabilities  Total equity  5 656 753  -  5 656 753  Stated capital  4 783 903  -  4 783 903  Non-distributable reserve  1 076 749  (1 076 749)  -  (Accumulated loss)/retained earnings  (402 047)  1 076 749  674 702  Share-based payment reserve  21 966  -  21 966  Foreign currency translation reserve  137 574  -  137 574  Total attributable equity to shareholders  5 618 145  -  5 618 145  Non-controlling interest  38 608  -  38 608   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35. VOLUNTARY CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICY - NON-DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES (CONTINUED)

| Group  Non-  distributable  reserve  R'000  (Accumulated  loss)/retained  earnings  R'000  Statements of changes in equity  Balance at 31 March 2020 as previously reported  210 839  (261 904)  Adjustment  (210 839)  210 839  Restated balance at 31 March 2020  -  (51 065)  Profit for the year  -  1 192 294  Dividends  -  (466 527)  Restated balance at 31 March 2021  -  674 702  Company  As previously  reported  31 March  2021  R'000  Adjustment  R'000  As restated  31 March  2021  R'000  Statement of financial position  Equity and liabilities  Total equity  4 215 343  -  4 215 343  Stated capital  4 783 903  -  4 783 903  Non-distributable reserve  (38 218)  38 218  -  Accumulated loss  (552 308)  (38 218)  (590 526)  Share-based payment reserve  21 966  -  21 966  Company  Non-  distributable  reserve  R'000  Accumulated  loss  R'000  Statements of changes in equity  Balance at 31 March 2020 as previously reported  (19 595)  (481 407)  Adjustment  19 595  (19 595)  Restated balance at 31 March 2020  -  (501 002)  Profit for the year  -  377 003  Dividends  -  (466 527)  Restated balance at 31 March 2021  -  (590 526)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## APPENDIX 1 UNAUDITED DISTRIBUTABLE EARNINGS AND RATIOS

| 2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Reconciliation of earnings to distributable earnings  Profit attributable to shareholders of the parent  1 019 737  1 192 294  Adjusted for:  Fair value adjustment to investment properties  (642 313)  (803 242)  Fair value adjustment to investment properties (NCI)  +  12 632  8 707  Tax effect on the above adjustments  143 371  75 105  Insurance proceeds from building claim  (51 725)  -  Headline earnings  481 702  472 864  Distributable earnings adjustment  40 454  (16 727)  Depreciation and amortisation  8 309  11 184  Equity-settled share-based payment expense  11 307  14 310  Fair value adjustment to financial instruments  (104 308)  (52 693)  Fixed rate loan adjustment  ^  7 895  -  Other items of a capital nature  6 377  1 659  Deferred tax  92 056  14 950  Foreign exchange (gains)/losses  3 565  (5 368)  Foreign exchange gain available for distribution  -  (8 477)  Antecedent dividend on share issues*  15 253  7 708  522 156  456 137  Other adjustments  Non-controlling interests in respect of the above adjustments  (4 367)  (1 744)  Distributable earnings  517 789  454 393  Distributable earnings per share (cents)  114.07  106.08  Interim (cents)  56.60  52.00  Final (cents)  57.47  54.08  Distributable earnings  517 789  454 393  Insurance claim proceeds relating to the loss of revenue  #  (10 319)  -  Distributable earnings after company-specific adjustments  507 470  454 393  Dividend declared for the six months ended 30 September  245 011  220 290  Dividend declared for the six months ended 31 March  262 459  234 103  Total dividends for the year  507 470  454 393  Shares entitled to dividends - interim ('000)  432 881  423 644  Shares entitled to dividends - final ('000)  474 610  432 881  Dividend per share September (cents)  56.60  52.00  Dividend per share March (cents)  55.30  54.08  Total dividend per share for the year (cents)  111.90  106.08   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  board  declared  a  final  dividend  of  55.30  cents  (2021:  54.08  cents)  per  share  for  the  six  months  ended 31 March 2022.

* In the determination of distributable earnings, the group elects to make an adjustment for the antecedent dividend arising as a result of the issue of shares during the period for which the company did not have full access to the cash flow from such issue.

- ^ The development of the Tyger Valley property was funded from the group's existing debt facilities. On the commencement of trading in May 2021, the group restructured the loan funding for the development with a fixed rate loan whereby the forecast net operating cash flow is matched to the interest cost of the funding over the lease-up period. This method ensures that there is no dilution over the lease-up of the development. A capital fee is charged at the inception of the fixed rate loan to account for interest differential over the lease-up period. One of the unique characteristics of the self storage development model is the lease-up of newly developed properties to a stabilised and mature level of occupancy, with the lease-up forming a considerable component of a property's overall formation cost. Under IFRS, the fixed rate loan is accounted for on the effective interest rate method. For distribution purposes, the group makes an adjustment to reflect the actual interest paid on the loan.

+   Non-controlling interest

# The board has elected to exercise prudence in relation to the insurance claim for loss of revenue in respect of the Waterfall property (see Civil Unrest section in commentary) and has excluded this amount from the final dividend to be paid.

| Unaudited  Group  Unaudited  Company  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Net asset value*  Number of shares in issue  474 610 430  432 881 143  474 610 430  432 881 143  Net asset value per share (cents)  1 399.71  1 306.77  1 017.15  973.79  Net asset value per share excluding non-controlling  interest (cents)  1 389.98  1 297.85  1 017.15  973.79  Net tangible asset value per share (cents)  1 369.01  1 272.81  1 000.02  955.43  Net tangible asset value per share excluding non-  controlling interest (cents)  1 359.28  1 263.89  1 000.02  955.43   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The ratios are computed on IFRS reported figures and have not been audited by the group's external auditors.

## APPENDIX 2 SA REIT BEST PRACTICE RECOMMENDATIONS DISCLOSURE

The group has adopted the second edition of the SA REIT Association's BPR for the first time in the current year. The comparative year's metrics have been amended to ensure comparability.

| Unaudited  31 March  2022  R'000  31 March  2021  R'000  SA REIT Funds from Operations ('FFO') per share  Profit or loss per IFRS Statement of Comprehensive Income (SOCI) attributable to the  parent  1 019 737  1 192 294  Adjusted for:  Accounting/specific adjustments  (398 441)  (691 880)  Fair value adjustments to:  - Investment property  (642 313)  (803 242)  - Debt and equity instruments held at fair value through profit or loss  136  10 123  Depreciation and amortisation of intangible assets  8 309  11 184  Deferred tax movement recognised in profit or loss  235 427  90 055  Foreign exchange and hedging items:  (118 076)  (78 159)  Fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments employed solely for  hedging purposes  (121 641)  (99 857)  Foreign exchange losses relating to capital items - realised and unrealised  3 565  21 698  Other adjustments:  23 518  14 671  Non-controlling interests in respect of the above adjustments  8 265  6 963  Antecedent dividend  15 253  7 708  SA REIT FFO  526 738  436 926  Number of shares outstanding at end of year (net of treasury shares)  474 610 430  432 881 143  SA REIT FFO per share (cents)  110.98  100.93  Company-specific adjustments (per share)  3.09  5.15  - Equity settled share based payment  2.39  3.31  - Foreign exchange gain available for distribution  3.62  0.35  - Antecedent dividend adjustments  4.98  1.11  - Fixed rate loan adjustment (capital in nature)  1.66  -  - Proceeds from building insurance claim  (10.90)  -  - Other items of a capital nature  1.34  0.38  Distributable income per share (cents)  114.07  106.08  Interim (cents)  56.60  52.00  Final (cents)  57.47  54.08  Insurance claim proceeds relating to loss of revenue  #  (2.17)  -  Total dividend per share (cents)  111.90  106.08  Interim dividend per share  56.60  52.00  Final dividend per share  55.30  54.08   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Included in earnings for the year is an insurance claim of R10.3 million in respect of the Waterfall property for loss of revenue. Due to a backlog in processing at SASRIA, an interim payment of R10.0 million in respect of the claim for the period to March 2022 was only approved by SASRIA on 17 June 2022. The board has elected to distribute earnings attributable to this claim in the next dividend period (i.e. once the interim payment of R10.0 million has been received).

| Unaudited  31 March  2022  R'000  31 March  2021  R'000  SA REIT Net Asset Value (SA REIT NAV)  Reported NAV attributable to the parent  6 596 974  5 618 145  Adjustments:  Fair value of certain derivative financial instruments  (61 371)  2 371  Forward exchange contracts  (65 374)  (31 866)  Interest rate swaps  4 003  34 237  Goodwill and intangible assets  (145 706)  (147 019)  Deferred tax  280 786  62 660  SA REIT NAV  6 670 683  5 536 157  Shares outstanding  Number of shares in issue at period end (net of treasury shares)  474 610 430  432 881 143  Effect of dilutive instruments (options, convertibles and equity interests)  5 318 520  3 724 045  Dilutive number of shares in issue  479 928 950  436 605 188  ## SA REIT NAV (Rand per share)  13.90  12.68   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* This adjustment is required as the number of shares outstanding at the end of the year is different to the shares entitled to dividends for interim and final.

| Unaudited  31 March  2022  R'000  31 March  2021  R'000  SA REIT cost-to-income ratio  Expenses  Direct property cost per IFRS income statement (includes municipal expenses)  221 280  206 435  Administration expenses per IFRS income statement  103 489  89 307  Depreciation  8 309  11 184  Exclude:  Depreciation expense in relation to property, plant and equipment of an  administrative nature and amortisation expense in respect of intangible assets  (7 871)  (6 158)  Operating costs  325 207  300 768  Rental income  Contractual rental income per IFRS income statement  849 716  738 726  Gross rental income  849 716  738 726  SA REIT cost-to-income ratio*  38.3%  40.7%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Based on rental income, including ancillary income the ratio is 35.7% (2021: 38.2%)

## APPENDIX 2 SA REIT BEST PRACTICE RECOMMENDATIONS DISCLOSURE

(continued)

| Unaudited  31 March  2022  R'000  31 March  2021  R'000  SA REIT administration cost-to-income ratio  Expenses  Administration expenses as per IFRS income statement  103 489  89 307  Administration costs  103 489  89 307  Rental income  Contractual rental income per IFRS income statement  849 716  738 726  Gross rental income  849 716  738 726  SA REIT administration cost-to-income ratio*  12.2%  12.1%  *  Based on rental income, including ancillary income the ratio is 11.4% (2021: 11.4%)  SA REIT GLA vacancy rate  Gross lettable area of vacant space  ^  57 400  44 600  Gross lettable area of total property portfolio  ^  481 700  448 800  SA REIT GLA vacancy rate  11.9%  9.9%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^ Excludes properties held in joint ventures.

| Unaudited March 2022  Unaudited March 2021  SA  UK  SA  UK  Cost of debt  Variable interest-rate borrowings  Floating reference rate plus weighted average  margin  5.9%  3.2%  5.3%  2.8%  Fixed interest-rate borrowings  Weighted average fixed rate  0.2%  0.0%  -  -  Pre-adjusted weighted average cost of debt:  6.1%  3.2%  5.3%  2.8%  Adjustments:  Impact of interest rate derivatives  0.4%  0.2%  0.8%  0.7%  Impact of cross-currency interest rate swaps  0.0%  0.1%  (0.9%)  0.2%  Amortisation of raising fees  0.1%  0.2%  0.2%  0.1%  All-in weighted average cost of debt:  6.6%  3.7%  5.4%  3.8%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Unaudited  31 March  2022  R'000  31 March  2021  R'000  SA REIT loan-to-value  Gross debt net of cash held in facilities  2 804 865  1 997 448  Leasehold liabilities relating to investment properties  271 188  301 730  Less:  Cash and cash equivalents  (222 333)  (171 073)  Less:  Derivative financial instruments  (94 262)  29 544  Net debt  2 759 458  2 157 649  Total assets - per Statement of Financial Position  10 505 636  8 501 222  Less:  Cash and cash equivalents  (222 333)  (171 073)  Derivative financial assets  (99 841)  (32 266)  Goodwill and intangible assets  (145 706)  (147 019)  Trade and other receivables  (127 350)  (82 907)  Carrying amount of property-related assets  9 910 406  8 067 957  SA REIT loan-to-value ('SA REIT LTV')  27.8%  26.7%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## UNAUDITED PROPERTY PORTFOLIO INFORMATION as at 31 March 2022

1. The total customer base of the group is large and diverse with over 44 800 (2021: 38 400) tenants. Of the 28  300  tenants  based  in  South  Africa,  61%  (2021:  61%)  of  the  customers  are  residential  users  and  the remaining 39% (2021: 39%) are commercial users. In the United Kingdom, Storage King has over 16 500 tenants of which 74% (2021: 73%) of the customers are residential users and the remaining 26% (2021: 27%) are commercial users.
2. Geographical representation of the properties by region is set out in the following pie chart:
3. Geographical representation of portfolio by Gross Lettable Area (GLA) and rental income:

<!-- image -->

| Region  GLA*  m 2  Rental income  %  Gauteng  192 800  26.1  Western Cape  127 200  19.7  Eastern Cape  17 800  2.1  KwaZulu-Natal  36 200  6.8  Free State  6 700  0.7  South Africa  380 700  55.4  United Kingdom  101 000  44.6  Total  481 700  100.0   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* GLA rounded to nearest hundred. Excludes properties held in joint ventures.

4. The weighted average rental per square metre (m²) of occupied space for SA properties at 31 March 2022 is R119.2/m² (2021: R111.4/m²), an increase of 7.0%. The weighted average rental per square meter for each region as at 31 March 2022 is set out in the following table:

| Region  Rental/m 2  Gauteng  109.6  Western Cape  137.3  Eastern Cape  93.8  KwaZulu-Natal  127.1  Free State  84.2  South Africa  119.2   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The closing average rental rate of UK properties is £23.63 ^  per square foot (2021: £21.49), an increase of 10.0%. In the UK, average rental rates are reflected on an annual basis.

^ UK rental rate quoted on an annual basis.

5. The occupancy profile by GLA of the portfolio as at 31 March 2022 is disclosed in the following table:
6. The existing leases for the current tenant base do not contain contractual escalations. The companies in the group have the contractual right to increase rentals at its discretion, provided 30 days' notice is given to the respective tenants. The following table sets out the annual percentage increases in the average rental per m² for the past five financial years.

| Region  GLA m 2  % Occupied  Vacancy m 2  % Vacant  Gauteng  192 800  89.4  20 500  10.6  Western Cape  127 200  86.2  17 500  13.8  Eastern Cape  17 800  89.3  1 900  10.7  KwaZulu-Natal  36 200  85.6  5 200  14.4  Free State  6 700  91.0  600  9.0  South Africa  380 700  88.1  45 700  12.0  United Kingdom  101 000  88.3  11 700  11.7  Total  481 700  88.1  57 400  11.9   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Year  SA % Increase  in rental  per m 2  UK %  Increase in  rental per sqf  2018  7%  -  2019  9%  2.4%  2020  6%  (1.9%)  2021  5%  1.3%  2022  7%  10.0%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

7. The weighted average annualised property yields based on the forward 12 month net operating income ('NOI'), are set out below:

| 12-month  forward NOI  SA properties  8.30%  UK properties  6.91%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above yields have been calculated excluding undeveloped land and developments in progress.

## UNAUDITED PROPERTY PORTFOLIO INFORMATION (continued)

## as at 31 March 2022

8.

The tenant base of the group is large and diverse. All leases continue indefinitely unless terminated by providing two weeks' notice. As at 31 March 2022, 70% of existing tenants in South Africa and 72% in the UK had occupied a self storage unit for a period greater than six months. Set out below is an analysis of the historical tenancy profile for the group at year end.

| South Africa  Tenancy  2022  2021  2020  &lt; 6 months  30%  31%  30%  Between 6 and 12 months  16%  16%  18%  Between 1 and 2 years  20%  21%  21%  Between 2 and 3 years  12%  12%  11%  &gt; 3 years  22%  20%  20%  Total  100%  100%  100%  United Kingdom  Tenancy  2022  2021  2020  &lt; 6 months  28%  34%  25%  Between 6 and 12 months  16%  12%  14%  Between 1 and 2 years  18%  14%  17%  Between 2 and 3 years  10%  10%  12%  &gt; 3 years  28%  30%  32%  Total  100%  100%  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

9. The occupancy profile of the group as at 31 March 2022 is set out in the following bar chart below:

<!-- image -->

## ANALYSIS OF ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS as at 31 March 2022

| Number of  shareholdings  % of total  shareholdings  Number of  shares  % of issued  capital  Shareholder Spread  1 - 1 000  5 594  42.82%  1 080 982  0.23%  1 001 - 10 000  5 482  41.96%  21 290 431  4.49%  10 001 - 100 000  1 581  12.10%  45 109 604  9.50%  100 001 - 1 000 000  316  2.42%  103 606 105  21.83%  Over 1 000 000  92  0.70%  303 523 308  63.95%  Total  13 065  100.00%  474 610 430  100.00%  Distribution of Shareholders  Assurance Companies  49  0.38%  20 817 921  4.39%  Close Corporations  89  0.68%  1 786 014  0.38%  Collective Investment Schemes  257  1.97%  181 793 980  38.30%  Custodians  25  0.19%  14 692 285  3.10%  Foundations &amp; Charitable Funds  141  1.08%  8 952 879  1.89%  Hedge Funds  2  0.02%  477 505  0.10%  Insurance Companies  5  0.04%  704 651  0.15%  Investment Partnerships  34  0.26%  222 965  0.05%  Managed Funds  22  0.17%  1 323 141  0.28%  Medical Aid Funds  19  0.15%  4 566 927  0.96%  Organs of State  8  0.06%  6 232 676  1.31%  Private Companies  354  2.71%  29 028 520  6.12%  Public Companies  1  0.01%  429 048  0.09%  Retail Shareholders  10 428  79.82%  49 747 896  10.48%  Retirement Benefit Funds  567  4.34%  121 861 740  25.68%  Scrip Lending  8  0.06%  3 905 835  0.82%  Stockbrokers &amp; Nominees  187  1.43%  4 267 224  0.90%  Trusts  869  6.65%  23 799 223  5.01%  Total  13 065  100.00%  474 610 430  100.00%  Shareholder Type  Non-Public Shareholders  16  0.12%  33 960 654  7.16%  Directors and Associates  16  0.12%  33 960 654  7.16%  Public Shareholders  13 049  99.88%  440 649 776  92.84%  Total  13 065  100.00%  474 610 430  100.00%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ANALYSIS OF ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS (continued) as at 31 March 2022

| Number of  shares  % of issued  capital  Fund Managers With A Holding Greater Than 3% of The Issued Shares  Public Investment Corporation  57 246 930  12.06%  Old Mutual Investment Group  46 335 954  9.76%  Catalyst Fund Managers  21 015 635  4.43%  M&amp;G Investments  20 966 386  4.42%  Sesfikile Capital  20 135 931  4.24%  Ninety One  19 975 645  4.21%  Meago Asset Management  18 561 096  3.91%  Stanlib Asset Management  18 410 825  3.88%  Total  222 648 402  46.91%  Beneficial Shareholders With A Holding Greater Than 3% Of The Issued Shares  Government Employees Pension Fund  57 632 755  12.14%  Old Mutual Group  49 755 128  10.48%  Sanlam Group  20 973 781  4.42%  Eskom Pension &amp; Provident Fund  19 303 521  4.07%  Liberty Group  17 409 791  3.67%  Ninety One  15 720 659  3.31%  Nedbank Group  15 332 901  3.23%  Total  196 128 536  41.32%  Total number of shareholdings  13 065  Total number of shares in issue  474 610 430  ## SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE  Opening Price 01 April 2021  R13.17  Closing Price 31 March 2022  R14.78  Closing High for period  R15.00  Closing low for period  R13.24  Number of shares in issue  474 610 430  Volume traded during period  211 496 565  Ratio of volume traded to shares issued (%)  44.56%  Rand value traded during the period  R2 974 833 461   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SHAREHOLDERS' DIARY

Annual report posted to shareholders Notice of AGM posted to shareholders Annual general meeting Interim reporting date Publication of interim results and interim dividend announcement Last day to trade Shares trade ex-dividend Record date Interim dividend paid Financial year end Publication of final results and final dividend announced Last day to trade Shares trade ex-dividend Record date Final dividend paid

GREYMATTERFINCH #16202

Friday 29 July 2022 Friday 29 July 2022 Thursday 1 Sep 2022 Friday 30 Sep 2022 Tuesday 15 Nov 2022 Tuesday 29 Nov 2022 Wednesday 30 Nov 2022 Friday 2 Dec 2022 Monday 5 Dec 2022 Friday 31 Mar 2023 Monday 19 Jun 2023 Monday 26 Jun 2023 Tuesday 27 Jun 2023 Friday 30 Jun 2023 Monday 3 Jul 2023

## ANNEXURE: GLOSSARY OF TERMS

| 'Aus'  Australia  'Big Box'  A reference to multistorey self storage properties owned and developed  by Stor-Age  'the board'  The board of directors of Stor-Age Property REIT Limited  'CEO'  Chief Executive Officer. The CEO of Stor-Age is Gavin Lucas.  'the Company/the Group, we/us/our'  Stor-Age Property REIT Limited, its subsidiaries and its management  'the Companies Act'  South African Companies Act No 71 of 2008, as amended  'CPC'  Certificate of Practical Completion  'EU'  European Union  'FD'  Financial Director. The FD of Stor-Age is Stephen Lucas.  'GLA'  Gross lettable area, measured in square metres  'IBC'  Inside Back Cover  'IFC'  Inside Front Cover  'JSE'  JSE Limited incorporating the Johannesburg Securities Exchange, the  main bourse in South Africa  'King IV  TM  '  King IV Report on Corporate Governance TM  for South Africa, 2016  'The listing date/listing'  Refers to our listing on the JSE on 16 November 2015  'm 2  '  square metre  'Managed Portfolio'  Portfolio of 86 700 m 2  of GLA on which Stor-Age received property  and asset management fees prior to being acquired by Stor-Age  'the period' or 'the reporting period'  The 12 months from 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020  'the previous year'  The year ended 31 March 2019  'REIT'  Real Estate Investment Trust  'SA'  South Africa  'sqf'  square foot  'Stor-Age' or 'the Company'  Stor-Age Property REIT Limited, listed on Main Board JSE in the  Speciality REIT sector  'the year' or 'the year under review'  Refers to our financial year and reporting period, being 1 April 2019 to  31 March 2020. References to other years are specified as being so  'UK'  United Kingdom  'US'  United States of America  Financial definitions  'IFRS'  International Financial Reporting Standards  'NAV'  Net asset value   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Stor-Age Property REIT Limited

Approved as a REIT by the JSE Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa Registration number 2015/168454/06 Share code: SSS ISIN: ZAE000208963 ('Stor-Age', the 'Company' or the 'Group')

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.

If you have disposed of all your Stor-Age securities, this document should be handed to the purchaser of such securities or to the Broker, CSDP , banker or other agent through whom the disposal was effected.

If  you  are  in  any  doubt  as  to  what  action  you  should  take,  please  consult  your  Broker,  banker,  attorney,  CSDP  or  other professional adviser immediately.

This document is available in English only. A copy of the document may be obtained from the registered office of the Company at the address provided on the inside back cover during normal business hours from date hereof until Thursday, 1 September 2022.

Notice is hereby given to shareholders registered in Stor-Age's securities register as at the record date of Friday, 22 July 2022 ('Notice Record Date') that the annual general meeting of Stor-Age (the 'AGM') will be held at the Vineyard Hotel, Colinton Road, Newlands on Thursday, 1 September 2022 at 14h30 to:

- (i) deal with such business as may lawfully be dealt with at the AGM; and
- (ii)  consider and, if deemed fit, pass, with or without modification, the ordinary and special resolutions of shareholders set out hereunder in the manner required by the Companies Act, 71 of 2008, as amended ('the Act'), as read with the Listings Requirements of the JSE Limited (the 'JSE Listings Requirements') on which exchange the Company's shares are listed, which meeting is to be participated in and voted at by shareholders registered in Stor-Age's securities register as shareholders as at the record date of Friday, 26 August 2022 ('Meeting Record Date').

The last day to trade to be registered in Stor-Age's securities register by the Meeting Record Date of Friday, 26 August 2022, is Tuesday, 23 August 2022.

Kindly note that AGM participants (including proxies) will be required to provide reasonably satisfactory identification before being entitled to attend, participate and vote at the AGM. Forms of identification include valid identity documents, driver's licences and passports.

When reading the resolutions below, please refer to the explanatory notes for the resolutions set out in this notice of AGM.

## 1.  Presentation of financial statements

The summarised consolidated financial statements of the Company, as approved by the board of directors of the Company (the 'Board'), for the year ended 31 March 2022 have been distributed and accompany this notice as required and will be presented to shareholders at the AGM together with the reports of the directors and the audit and risk committee.

The  complete financial statements are included with the 2022 Stor-Age Integrated Annual Report ('the 2022 Integrated Report').

The 2022 Integrated Report is available on the Company's website https:/ /investor-relations.stor-age.co.za/iar-2022

## 2.  Report from the social and ethics committee

In accordance with Companies Regulation 43(5)(c), a report from the chairman or a member of the social and ethics committee will be presented to shareholders at this AGM.

## Voting requirement:

Unless otherwise indicated, in order for each of the ordinary resolutions to be adopted, the support of more than 50% of the voting rights exercised on the resolutions by shareholders, present or represented by proxy at the AGM and entitled to exercise voting rights on the resolution, is required.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (continued)

## 3.  Ordinary resolution number 1: Re-election of Mr J A L Chapman as a director

'Resolved that Mr J A L Chapman, who retires by rotation in terms of clause 26.3 of the Company's memorandum of incorporation and who, being eligible, has offered himself for re-election, be re-elected as an independent non-executive director of the Company.'

An abridged curriculum vitae of Mr Chapman appears in Annexure 1 of this notice of AGM.

## 4.  Ordinary resolution number 2: Re-election of Ms P Mbikwana as a director

'Resolved that Ms P Mbikwana, who retires by rotation in terms of clause 26.3 of the Company's memorandum of incorporation and who, being eligible, has offered herself for re-election, be re-elected as an independent non-executive director of the Company.'

An abridged curriculum vitae of Ms Mbikwana appears in Annexure 1 of this notice of AGM.

## 5.  Ordinary resolution number 3: Re-election of Mr M P R Morojele as a director

'Resolved that Mr M P R Morojele, who retires by rotation in terms of clause 26.3 of the Company's memorandum of incorporation and who, being eligible, has offered himself for re-election, be re-elected as an independent non-executive director of the Company.'

An abridged curriculum vitae of Mr Morojele appears in Annexure 1 of this notice of AGM.

## 6.  Ordinary resolution number 4: Re-appointment of auditor

'Resolved  that  BDO  South  Africa  Inc.  be  re-appointed  as  auditor  of  the  Company  (for  the  financial  year  ending 31 March 2023), with the designated partner being Mr B Jackson, until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company.'

## 7.  Ordinary resolution number 5: Election of Ms K M de Kock as member and chair of the audit and risk committee

'Resolved that Ms K M de Kock, being an independent, non-executive director of the Company, be elected as a member and chair of the audit and risk committee of the Company, with effect from the end of this meeting.'

An abridged curriculum vitae of Ms de Kock appears in Annexure 1 of this notice of AGM.

## 8.  Ordinary resolution number 6: Election of Ms P Mbikwana as a member of the audit and risk committee

'Resolved that, subject to the passing of ordinary resolution number 2 above, Ms P Mbikwana, being an independent, non-executive director of the Company, be elected as a member of the audit and risk committee of the Company with effect from the end of this meeting.'

An abridged curriculum vitae of Ms Mbikwana appears in Annexure 1 of this notice of AGM.

## 9.  Ordinary resolution number 7: Election of Mr M P R Morojele as a member of the audit and risk committee

'Resolved that, subject to the passing of ordinary resolution number 3 above, Mr M P R Morojele, being an independent, non-executive director of the Company, be elected as a member of the audit and risk committee of the Company, with effect from the end of this meeting.'

An abridged curriculum vitae of Mr Morojele appears in Annexure 1 of this notice of AGM.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (continued)

## 10.  Ordinary resolution number 8: General authority to directors to issue shares for cash

'Resolved that, subject to the restrictions set out below and subject to the provisions of the Act and the JSE Listings Requirements, as amended from time to time, the Board be authorised by way of a general authority to allot and issue any portion of the ordinary shares of the Company for cash, on the following basis:

- 8.1 the equity securities which are the subject of the issue for cash must be of a class already in issue or, where this is not the case, must be limited to such securities or rights that are convertible into a class already in issue;
- 8.2 any such issue will only be made to 'public shareholders', and to 'related parties' on the basis set out in 8.3 hereof, and further as required by the JSE Listings Requirements, as amended from time to time;
- 8.3 related parties may participate in a general issue for cash through a bookbuild process provided that
- 8.3.1 the  approval  by  shareholders  expressly  affords  the  ability  to  the  Company  to  allow  related  parties  to participate in a general issue for cash through a bookbuild process,
- 8.3.2 related parties may only participate with a maximum bid price at which they are prepared to take up shares or at book close price. In the event of a maximum bid price and the book closes at a higher price, the relevant related party will be 'out of the book' and not be allocated shares,
- 8.3.3 equity securities must be allocated 'in the book' through the bookbuild process and the measures to be applied must be disclosed in the SENS announcement launching the bookbuild;
- 8.4 this  authority will only be valid until the Company's next annual general meeting (whereupon this authority shall lapse, unless it is renewed at the aforementioned annual general meeting, provided that it shall not extend beyond 15 months of the date of this AGM);
- 8.5 issues of ordinary shares during the validity period of this resolution may not exceed 23 730 521 shares in the aggregate, which represents 5% of the number of ordinary shares in the Company's issued share capital at the date of this notice of AGM, being 474 610 430 ordinary shares (exclusive of treasury shares), provided that
- 8.5.1 any ordinary shares issued under this authority during the validity period of this resolution must be deducted from the number above;
- 8.5.2 in the event of a sub-division or consolidation of issued equity securities during the validity period of this resolution contemplated above, the existing authority must be adjusted accordingly to represent the same allocation ratio;
- 8.5.3 any such general issues are subject to exchange control regulations and approval at that point in time;
- 8.6 after the Company has in terms of this authority issued ordinary shares for cash equivalent to 5% of the number of shares of that class in issue prior to that issue, the Company shall publish an announcement containing full details of such issue/s (including the number of shares issued, the average discount to the weighted average traded price of the shares over the 30 business days prior to the date that the price of the issue is agreed in writing between the issuer and the party/ies subscribing for the shares, the effects of the issue on the statement of financial position, net asset value per share, net tangible asset value per share, and in respect of the statement of comprehensive income, earnings per share, headline earnings per share and, if applicable, diluted earnings and headline earnings per share) and the intended use of the funds;
- 8.7 in determining the price at which an issue of shares may be made in terms of this authority, the maximum discount permitted will be 5% of the weighted average traded price on the JSE of those shares over the 30 business days prior to the date that the price of the issue is agreed between the Company and the party/ies subscribing for the shares.'

In terms of the JSE Listings Requirements, a 75% majority of the votes cast by the shareholders present or represented by proxy at the AGM is required to approve the ordinary resolution number 8 regarding the general authority to issue shares for cash.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (continued)

## 11.  Ordinary resolution number 9: Amendment to the Stor-Age Property REIT Limited Conditional Share Plan

'Resolved that, the rules governing the Stor-Age Property REIT Limited Conditional Share Plan ('CSP') be amended to:

- 1 increase the maximum aggregate number of shares that may at any time be allocated in respect of the CSP to all  participants  from 8 668 544 shares to 16 000 000 shares (approximately 3.7% of the shares in issue at 31 March 2022); and
- 2 increase the maximum number of shares that may at any time be allocated to any participant in respect of all vested and unvested awards of shares under the CSP from 3 467 417 to 4 328 811 shares (approximately 1.0% of the shares in issue at 31 March 2022).'

In terms of the JSE Listings Requirements, a 75% majority of the votes cast (excluding votes attaching to shares owned or controlled by existing participants in the CSP) by the shareholders present or represented by proxy at the AGM is required to approve the ordinary resolution number 9 regarding the amendment to the CSP.

## 12.  Advisory endorsement: Endorsement of remuneration policy

To  consider  the  non-binding  advisory  votes  set  out  below  thereby  providing  the  Company  with  the  views  of  the shareholders regarding the

- Remuneration Policy contained in the Remuneration Committee Report; and
- Implementation Report in regard to the Remuneration Policy

General approval of the Company's Remuneration Policy and Implementation Report (non binding advisory votes 1 and 2)

## Non-binding advisory vote 1 - approval of Company's remuneration policy

'RESOLVED THAT the Company's Remuneration Policy, as set out in the Remuneration Committee Report contained in the 2022 Integrated Report, be and is hereby endorsed by way of a non-binding advisory vote.'

## Non-binding advisory vote 2 - approval of Company's remuneration implementation report

'RESOLVED THAT the Company's Implementation Report in regard to its Remuneration Policy, as contained in the 2022 Integrated Report, be and is hereby endorsed by way of a non-binding advisory vote.'

## 13.  Special resolution number 1: Remuneration of non-executive directors for their service as directors for the 2023 financial year (amended) and the 2024 financial year

'Resolved that

- 1 in terms of clause 28 of the Company's memorandum of incorporation and section 66(9) of the Act, the following remuneration, which constitutes an annual retainer and is proposed to be paid to the non-executive directors for their service as directors and which is proposed to be paid for the financial year ending 31 March 2023, monthly in arrears, with effect from 1 April 2022, for a period of up to twenty four months after the adoption of this special resolution number 1 or until its renewal (whichever is earliest) is approved:
- 2 in addition to 1 above, non-executive directors be paid an amount of R3 000 (three thousand Rand) per hour in respect of work performed by them as required by extraordinary circumstances provided that any such payments are approved by the remuneration committee and the chief executive officer.'

| Chair  (Rand)  Members  (Rand)  Board (annual fee)  800 000  300 000  Audit and risk committee  195 000  130 000  Investment committee  na  120 000  Remuneration committee  90 000  60 000  Social and ethics committee  90 000  60 000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

It is proposed that the board chair (Mr G Blackshaw) receive a fixed annual fee that is inclusive of all attendances at board and subcommittee meetings as well as other tasks performed on behalf of the Group. Consequently there is no separate fee for the investment committee chair.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (continued)

## 14.  Special resolution number 2: General authority to provide financial assistance to subsidiary companies

'Resolved that, as a general authority and to the extent required by sections 44 and 45 of the Act, the Board may, subject to compliance with the requirements of the Act, the Company's memorandum of incorporation and the JSE Listings Requirements, authorise the Company to provide direct or indirect financial assistance, by way of loan, guarantee, the provision of security or otherwise, to any of its present or future subsidiaries for any purpose or in connection with any matter including, but not limited to, the subscription of any option, or any securities, issued or to be issued by the Company or for the purchase of any securities of the Company, such authority to endure for a period of two years following the date of the passing of this special resolution number 2.'

## 15.  Special resolution number 3: General authority to repurchase ordinary shares

'Resolved  that  the  Company  and/or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  be  and  are  hereby  authorised,  by  way  of  a  general approval, to acquire ordinary shares of no par value issued by the Company ('Ordinary Shares'), in terms of the Act, the Company's memorandum of incorporation ('MoI') and the JSE Listings Requirements, being that

- any such acquisition of Ordinary Shares shall be implemented on the open order book of the JSE and without any prior arrangement
- this  general  authority  shall  be  valid  until  the  Company's  next  AGM,  provided  that  it  shall  not  extend  beyond 15 months from the date of passing of this special resolution
- an announcement will be published as soon as the Company or any of its subsidiaries has acquired Ordinary Shares constituting, on a cumulative basis, 3% of the number of Ordinary Shares in issue prior to the acquisition pursuant to which the aforesaid 3% threshold is reached, and for each 3% in aggregate acquired thereafter, containing full details of such acquisitions
- acquisitions of Ordinary Shares in aggregate in any one financial year may not exceed 5% of the Company's Ordinary Shares in issue as at the date of passing of this special resolution
- in determining the price at which Ordinary Shares issued by the Company are acquired by it or any of its subsidiaries in terms of this general authority, the maximum premium at which such Ordinary Shares may be acquired will be 5% of the weighted average of the market value at which such Ordinary Shares are traded on the JSE over the five business days immediately preceding the date of repurchase of such Ordinary Shares
- at  any  point  in  time,  the  Company  may  only  appoint  one  agent  to  effect  any  repurchase  of  shares  on  the Company's behalf
- the Board authorises the acquisition, the Company passes the solvency and liquidity test and that, from the time the test is done, there are no material changes to the financial position of the Company
- the Company shall remain in compliance with the minimum shareholder spread requirements of the JSE
- the Company and/or its subsidiaries do not repurchase any shares during a prohibited period in accordance with the JSE Listings Requirements, unless they have in place a repurchase programme in terms of which the dates and quantities of securities to be traded during the relevant period are fixed and full details of the programme have been disclosed to the JSE in writing, prior to the commencement of the prohibited period

## Reason for and effect of this special resolution

The Company's MoI contains a provision allowing the Company or any subsidiary to repurchase securities issued by the Company, subject to the approval of shareholders in terms of the MoI, the requirements of the Act and the JSE Listings Requirements. This special resolution will authorise the Company and/or its subsidiaries, by way of a general authority from shareholders, to repurchase Ordinary Shares issued by the Company.

The Board has no specific intention to give effect to this special resolution, but will continually review the Company's position, having regard to prevailing circumstances and market conditions, in considering whether to repurchase its own shares.

Once adopted, this special resolution will permit the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, to repurchase Ordinary Shares in terms of the Act, its MoI and the JSE Listings Requirements.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (continued)

Although no repurchase of Ordinary Shares is contemplated at the time of this notice, the Board has confirmed that the Company and its subsidiaries have passed the solvency and liquidity test and that, since the test was performed, there have been no material changes to the financial position of the Group. The directors, having considered the effects of a repurchase of the maximum number of Ordinary Shares in terms of the aforegoing general authority, are of the opinion that for a period of 12 (twelve) months after the date of the notice of this AGM:

- the Company and the Group will be able, in the ordinary course of business, to pay its debts
-   the  assets  of  the  Company  and  the  Group,  fairly  valued  in  accordance  with  International  Financial  Reporting Standards, will exceed the liabilities of the Company and the Group
-   the Company and the Group's ordinary share capital, reserves and working capital will be adequate for ordinary business purposes

The following additional information, some of which may appear elsewhere in the 2022 annual financial statements, is provided in terms of section 11.26 of the JSE Listings Requirements, for purposes of the general authority

- Major beneficial shareholders - attached to the annual financial statements
- Share capital of the Company - note 14 of the annual financial statements
- The directors are not aware of any legal or arbitration proceedings that are pending or threatened, that may have or have had in the recent past, being at least the previous twelve months, a material effect on the financial position of the Company or the Group
- The directors collectively and individually accept full responsibility for the accuracy of the information pertaining to this special resolution and certify that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, there are no facts which have been omitted which would make any statement false or misleading, and that all reasonable enquiries to ascertain such facts have been made and that the special resolution contains all information required by the Act and the JSE Listings Requirements

## Voting requirement:

A 75% majority of the votes cast by the shareholders present or represented by proxy at the annual general meeting of the Company is required to approve special resolutions 1 to 3.

## VOTING AND PROXIES

A shareholder entitled to attend, speak and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint one or more proxies (who need not be a shareholder of the Company) to attend, speak and vote in his/her stead.

The attached form of proxy is only to be completed by those shareholders who:

- hold their ordinary shares in certificated form; or
- are recorded on a sub-register in dematerialised electronic form with 'own name' registration

All other beneficial owners who have dematerialised their ordinary shares through a Central Securities Depository Participant ('CSDP') or Broker and wish to attend the AGM, must instruct their CSDP or Broker to provide them with the necessary letter of representation, or they must provide the CSDP or Broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or Broker. These shareholders must not use a form of proxy.

It is requested that forms of proxy are lodged at or mailed to Computershare Investor Services (Pty) Limited to be received by not later than 14h30 on Tuesday, 30 August 2022. Any shareholder who does not lodge a completed form of proxy by the relevant time will nevertheless be entitled to lodge a form of proxy in respect of the AGM immediately prior to the proxy exercising such shareholder's rights as a shareholder at the AGM, with the chairperson of the AGM.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (continued)

## GENERAL

## Electronic Participation

Please note that the Company intends to make provision for shareholders of the Company, or their proxies, who are entitled to attend thereat, to participate in the AGM by way of electronic communication. In this regard, the Company intends making teleconferencing facilities available at the following locations -

- at the Vineyard Hotel, Colinton Road, Newlands (which is the location for the AGM); and
- at the offices of Stor-Age, 4 Kikuyu Road, Sunninghill, Johannesburg

Should you wish to participate in the AGM by way of electronic communication as aforesaid, you, or your proxy, will be required to attend at either of the above-mentioned locations on the date of the AGM. The abovementioned locations will be linked to each other by means of a real-time telephonic conference call facility on the date of, and from the time of  commencement of, the AGM. The real-time telephonic conference call facility will enable all persons to participate electronically in the AGM in this manner and to communicate concurrently with each other without an intermediary, and to participate reasonably effectively in the AGM. The cost of the telephonic conference call facility described will be for the account of the Company.

By order of the Board

## H H-O Steyn

Company Secretary 29 July 2022

## Address of registered office

216 Main Road Claremont 7708 (PO Box 53154, Kenilworth, 7745)

## Address of transfer secretaries

Computershare Investor Services 2nd Floor, Rosebank Towers 15 Biermann Avenue Rosebank 2196 (Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132)

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (continued)

## Explanatory notes to resolutions proposed at the annual general meeting of the Company

## Re-election of directors retiring at the AGM - ordinary resolutions number 1 to 3

In accordance with clause 26.3 of the Company's memorandum of incorporation, one-third of the directors are required to retire at each annual general meeting and may offer themselves for re-election. In accordance with these provisions, it has been determined that Messrs J A L Chapman and M P R Morojele and Ms P Mbikwana are due to retire from the Board.

The directors of the Company have reviewed the composition of the Board against corporate governance and transformation requirements  and  have  recommended the re-election  of  the  directors  listed  above.  It  is  the  view  of  the  Board  that  the re-election of the candidates referred to above would enable the Company to:

- responsibly  maintain  a  mixture  of  business  skills  and  experience  relevant  to  the  Company  and  contribute  to  the requirements of transformation, continuity and succession planning; and
- enhance corporate governance requirements in respect of matters such as the balance of executive, non-executive and independent directors on the Board

In  addition, the directors of the Company have considered the performance of each of the retiring directors and have reviewed the skills, knowledge, experience, diversity and demographics represented on the Board. The Board is satisfied that  the  performance  of  the  existing  directors  continues  to  be  effective  and  to  demonstrate  commitment  to  their  roles. Accordingly, the Board recommends to shareholders the re-election of each of the retiring directors referred to in ordinary resolutions numbers 1, 2 and 3, by way of a series of votes, each of which is on the candidacy of a single individual to fill a single vacancy, as required under section 68(2) of the Act.

Abridged curricula vitae of the retiring directors appear in Annexure 1 of this notice of AGM.

## Re-appointment of auditor - ordinary resolution number 4

BDO South Africa Inc. ('BDO') has indicated its willingness to continue in office and ordinary resolution number 4 proposes the re-appointment of that firm as the Company's auditor until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting.

At a Stor-Age audit and risk committee meeting held on 8 June 2022, the committee considered the independence of the auditor BDO, in accordance with section 94(8) of the Act. In assessing the independence of the auditor, the audit and risk committee satisfied itself that BDO:

- does not hold a financial interest (either directly or indirectly) in Stor-Age;
- does not hold a position, either directly or indirectly, that gives the right or responsibility to exert significant influence over the financial or accounting policies of Stor-Age;
- is not economically dependent on Stor-Age, having specific regard to the quantum of the audit fees paid by Stor-Age and its subsidiaries to BDO during the period under review in relation to its total fee base;
- does not provide consulting or non-audit-related services to Stor-Age or its subsidiaries which fall outside of the permitted or qualified non-audit-related services as specified in the policy for the use of auditors for non-audit-related services and which could compromise or impair the auditor's independence; and
- including the individual registered auditor who undertakes the audit, does not have personal or business relationships of immediate family, close relatives, partners or retired partners, either directly or indirectly, with Stor-Age or its subsidiaries

Accordingly,  the  Stor-Age  audit  and  risk  committee  was  satisfied  that  BDO  is  independent  as  contemplated  by  the South African independence laws and the applicable rules of the International Federation of Accountants and nominated the  re-appointment  of  BDO  as  registered  auditor  for  the  financial  year  ending  31  March  2023.  On  14  June  2022 the Board confirmed its support, subject to shareholders' approval as required in terms of section 90(1) of the Act, for the re-appointment of BDO and Mr B Jackson respectively as the independent registered audit firm and individual registered auditor of Stor-Age.

Furthermore  the  Stor-Age  audit  and  risk  committee  has,  in  terms  of  paragraph  3.86  of  the  JSE  Listings  Requirements, considered and satisfied itself that BDO, the reporting accountant and individual auditor are accredited to appear on the JSE List of Accredited Auditors, in compliance with section 22 of the JSE Listings Requirements.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (continued)

## Election of audit and risk committee members - ordinary resolutions numbers 5 to 7

In terms of section 94(2) of the Act, the audit and risk committee is not a committee of the Board, but a committee elected by the shareholders at each annual general meeting. The Act requires the shareholders of a public company to elect the members of an audit and risk committee at each annual general meeting. In accordance therewith the directors should present shareholders with suitable candidates for election as audit and risk committee members.

In terms of the Regulations of the Act, at least one-third of the members of the Company's audit and risk committee at any particular time must have academic qualifications, or experience, in economics, law, corporate governance, finance, accounting,  commerce,  industry,  public  affairs  or  human  resource  management.  As  can  be  seen  from  the  curricula vitae of the proposed members, they have experience in, among others, audit, accounting, economics, commerce and general industry.

At a meeting of the Board held on 14 June 2022 the Board satisfied itself that, among others, the independent, nonexecutive directors offering themselves for election as members of the Stor-Age audit and risk committee:

- are independent, non-executive directors as contemplated in the Act and in King IV;
- are suitably qualified and experienced for audit and risk committee membership;
- have an understanding of integrated annual reporting (including financial reporting), internal financial controls, external and internal audit processes, risk management, sustainability issues and the governance processes (including information technology governance) within the Company;
- collectively possess skills which are appropriate to the Company's size and circumstances, as well as its industry;
- have an understanding of International Financial Reporting Standards and other financial and sustainability reporting standards, regulations and guidelines applicable to the Company; and
- adequately keep up to date with key developments affecting their required skills set

## General authority to directors to issue shares for cash - ordinary resolution number 8

In terms of the JSE Listings Requirements, when equity securities are issued for cash (or the extinction of a liability, obligation or commitment, restraint, or settlement of expenses), amongst others, the shareholders are required to authorise the issue.

The existing general authority granted by the shareholders at the previous annual general meeting, held on 9 September 2021, will expire at the AGM to be held on 1 September 2022, unless renewed. The authority may only be acted upon subject to the Act and the JSE Listings Requirements. The aggregate number of securities capable of being allotted and issued in terms of this authority is limited to 5% of the issued share capital as set out in the resolution.

## Amendment to the Stor-Age Property REIT Limited Conditional Share Plan - ordinary resolution number 9

In terms of the JSE Listings Requirements the number of shares that may be utilised in terms of a share incentive plan must be a fixed number, requiring periodic increases as and when necessary. The reason for and effect of ordinary resolution number 9 is to amend the CSP to increase the maximum aggregate number of shares that may at any time be allocated in respect of the CSP and to increase the maximum number of shares that may be allocated to any participant in order to ensure that the allocations of future shares under the CSP fall within the limits of the rules of the CSP . A copy of the amended CSP can be found on the Company's website. In terms of the JSE Listings Requirements, at least 75% of the votes held by shareholders present or represented by proxy at the meeting need to be cast in favour of this resolution (excluding votes attaching to shares owned or controlled by existing participants in the CSP) in order to give effect thereto.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (continued)

## Endorsement of remuneration policy and implementation report - advisory endorsements number 1 and number 2

King IV recommends that the Company's Remuneration Policy be disclosed in three parts every year, namely:

- a background statement,
- an overview of the Remuneration Policy,
- an Implementation Report,

and  that  shareholders  be  requested  to  pass  separate  non-binding  advisory  votes  on  the  Remuneration  Policy  and  the Implementation Report at the AGM.

Voting on the two resolutions enables shareholders to express their views on the Remuneration Policy adopted and on its implementation.

The remuneration committee prepared and the Board considered and accepted the Remuneration Policy and Implementation Report thereon, as set out in the 2022 Integrated Report.

The Remuneration Policy also records the measures the Board will adopt in the event that either the Remuneration Policy or the Implementation Report, or both, are voted against by 25% or more of the voting rights exercised by shareholders. In such event, the Company will, in its announcement of the results of the AGM, provide dissenting shareholders with information as to how to engage with the Company in regard to this matter and the timing of such engagement.

Accordingly, the shareholders are requested to endorse the Company's Remuneration Policy and Implementation Report as set out in paragraph 11 of the AGM notice.

## Remuneration of non-executive directors for their service as directors for the year ending 31 March 2023 (amended) and the year ending 31 March 2024 - special resolution number 1

In terms of section 66(8) and (9) of the Act, remuneration may only be paid to directors for their service as directors in accordance with a special resolution approved by the shareholders within the previous two years and if not prohibited in a company's memorandum of incorporation. In terms of clause 28 of the Company's memorandum of incorporation, the remuneration of the directors shall from time to time be determined by the Company in general meeting and, as such, the payment of such remuneration is not prohibited in terms of the Company's memorandum of incorporation.

Subsequent to  the  annual  general  meeting  held  on  9  September  2021  the  Company  appointed  PwC  to  conduct  an independent review of the non-executive directors' remuneration and, as a result of the findings, it has been deemed necessary to review the previously approved remuneration basis which was shown to be materially lower than market comparatives. The  remuneration  hereby  sought  to  be  approved,  in  respect  of  the  financial  year  ending  31  March  2023,  therefore proposes an adjustment to the remuneration previously approved at the annual general meeting held on 9 September 2021 and is to be paid to the non-executive directors who are not remunerated as employees of the Company, as in the case of the executive directors, and will continue for a period of twenty four months.

This  resolution  is  recommended  by  the  Company's  directors.  Full  particulars  of  all  remuneration  paid  to  non-executive directors for their service as directors during the past year is set out in note 29.4 of the annual financial statements, and also in the remuneration committee report which is included in the 2022 Integrated Report, available on the Company's website.

Stor-Age's remuneration committee is satisfied that this remuneration is fair relative to the remuneration paid to non-executive directors of other similar sized public listed companies in South Africa for their service as directors.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (continued)

## Authority to provide financial assistance to subsidiary companies - special resolution number 2

Notwithstanding the title of section 45 of the Act, being 'Loans or other financial assistance to directors', on a proper interpretation, the body of the section may also apply to financial assistance for any purpose, provided by a company to related or inter-related companies or corporations, including, amongst others, its subsidiaries.

Furthermore, section 44 of the Act may also apply to the financial assistance so provided by a company to related or inter-related companies, in the event that the financial assistance is provided for the purpose of, or in connection with, the subscription of any option, or any securities, issued or to be issued by the company or a related or inter-related company, or for the purchase of any securities of the company or a related or inter-related company.

Both sections 44 and 45 of the Act provide, amongst others, that the particular financial assistance must be provided only pursuant to a special resolution of the shareholders, adopted within the previous 2 years, which approved such assistance either for the specific recipient, or generally for a category of potential recipients, and the specific recipient falls within that category and the board of directors must be satisfied that -

- (a) immediately after providing the financial assistance, the company would satisfy the solvency and liquidity test; and
- (b) the terms under which the financial assistance is proposed to be given are fair and reasonable to the company.

The Company would like the ability to provide financial assistance, if necessary, also in other circumstances, in accordance with sections 44 and 45 of the Act. Furthermore, it may be necessary or desirous for the Company to provide financial assistance to related companies and entities to subscribe for options or securities or purchase securities of the Company.

Under the Act, the Company will however require the special resolution number 2 to be adopted. In the circumstances and in order to, amongst others, ensure that the Company's subsidiaries have access to financing and/or financial backing from the Company (as opposed to banks), it is necessary to obtain the approval of shareholders, as set out in special resolution number 2. In terms of the Companies Act, the Company will, however, only be able to exercise the authority granted by the special resolution provided that the board of directors of the Company are satisfied that the terms under which the financial assistance is proposed to be given are fair and reasonable to the Company and, immediately after providing the financial assistance, the Company would satisfy the solvency and liquidity test contemplated in the Companies Act.

Although the existing authorities granted by the shareholders at the previous annual general meeting held on 9 September 2021 will only expire at the 2023 AGM, it is considered good practice to renew this authority on an annual basis, ie at the 2022 AGM to be held on 1 September 2022, and special resolution 2 will therefore be appropriately renewed.

## General authority to repurchase ordinary shares - special resolution number 3

The directors wish to be in a position, if and when circumstances are favourable, to have the ability to acquire Stor-Age shares at market prices if deemed advisable by the Board. It is envisaged that opportunities may present themselves in the share market where it may be deemed beneficial for the Company to acquire its own shares.

For these reasons, directors would like shareholder authority to enable acquisitions of Stor-Age shares. As set out in the proposed resolution, such authority will be subject to clearly defined restrictions to ensure compliance with all statutes as laid down by the Act and the JSE Listings Requirements. The Act stipulates that a special resolution is required in order to authorise the Company to purchase its own shares.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (continued)

## SUMMARY OF APPLICABLE RIGHTS ESTABLISHED IN SECTION 58 OF THE ACT

For purposes of this summary, the term 'shareholder' shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in section 57(1) of the Act.

1.    At any time, a shareholder of a company is entitled to appoint any individual, including an individual who is not a shareholder of that company, as a proxy to participate in, speak and vote at a shareholders meeting on behalf of the shareholder.
2.    A proxy appointment must be in writing, dated and signed by the relevant shareholder.
3.    Except to the extent that the memorandum of incorporation of a company provides otherwise -
4. 3.1.    a  shareholder  of  the  relevant  company  may  appoint  two  or  more  persons  concurrently  as  proxies,  and  may appoint more than one proxy to exercise voting rights attached to different securities held by such shareholder; and
5. 3.2.    a copy of the instrument appointing a proxy must be delivered to the relevant company, or to any other person on behalf of the relevant company, before the proxy exercises any rights of the shareholder at a shareholders meeting.
4.  Irrespective of the form of instrument used to appoint a proxy -
7. 4.1.    the appointment of the proxy is suspended at any time and to the extent that the shareholder who appointed that proxy chooses to act directly and in person in the exercise of any rights as a shareholder of the relevant company; and
8. 4.2.    should the instrument used to appoint a proxy be revocable, a shareholder may revoke the proxy appointment by cancelling it in writing, or making a later inconsistent appointment of a proxy, and delivering a copy of the revocation instrument to the proxy and the relevant company.
5.    The revocation of a proxy appointment constitutes a complete and final cancellation of the proxy's authority to act on behalf of the relevant shareholder as of the later of the date -
10. 5.1.  stated in the revocation instrument, if any; or
11. 5.2.    upon which the revocation instrument is delivered to the proxy and the relevant company as required in section 58(4)(c)(ii) of the Act.
6.    Should the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies have been delivered to the relevant company, as long as that appointment  remains  in  effect,  any  notice  that  is  required  by  the  Act  or  the  relevant  company's  memorandum  of incorporation to be delivered by such company to the shareholder must be delivered by such company to -
13. 6.1.    the shareholder, or
14. 6.2.    the proxy or proxies if the shareholder has in writing directed the relevant company to do so and has paid any reasonable fee charged by the company for doing so.
7.    A proxy is entitled to exercise, or abstain from exercising, any voting right of the relevant shareholder without direction, except to the extent that the memorandum of incorporation of the relevant company or the instrument appointing the proxy provide otherwise.
8.    If a company issues an invitation to shareholders to appoint one or more persons named by such company as a proxy, or supplies a form of instrument for appointing a proxy -
17. 8.1.    such invitation must be sent to every shareholder who is entitled to receive notice of the meeting at which the proxy is intended to be exercised;
18. 8.2.    the company must not require that the proxy appointment be made irrevocable; and
19. 8.3.    the proxy appointment remains valid only until the end of the relevant meeting at which it was intended to be used, unless revoked as contemplated in section 58(5) of the Act.

## FORM OF PROXY

## FORM OF PROXY - THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF STOR-AGE PROPERTY REIT LIMITED

For  use  by  the  Company's  shareholders  who  hold  certificated  ordinary  shares  and/or  dematerialised  ordinary  shares in the Company through a Central Securities Depository Participant ('CSDP') or broker who have selected 'own name' registration, in the exercise of their voting rights in respect of the ordinary shares they hold in the capital of the Company, at the annual general meeting of the company to be held at the Vineyard Hotel, Colinton Road, Newlands and at the offices of Stor-Age, 4 Kikuyu Road, Sunninghill, Johannesburg, being the place where the Company intends to make provision for shareholders thereof, or their proxies, who are entitled to attend the annual general meeting, to participate therein by way of electronic communication, on Thursday 1 September 2022 at 14h30.

Not for use by the Company's shareholders who hold dematerialised ordinary shares in the Company who have not selected 'own name' registration. Such shareholders must contact their CSDP or broker timeously if they wish to attend and vote at the annual general meeting in respect of the ordinary shares they hold in the capital of the Company, and request that they be issued with the necessary letter of representation to do so or provide the CSDP or broker timeously with their voting instructions should they not wish to attend the annual general meeting in order for the CSDP or broker to vote in accordance with their instructions at the annual general meeting.

I/We (Name in block letters) of (Address) being the registered holder of shares in the ordinary share capital of the Company hereby appoint: 1. or failing him/her 2. or failing him/her

3. the chairperson of the meeting

Contact numbers: Landline

Mobile

E-mail address:

as my/our proxy to act for me/us on my/our behalf at the annual general meeting, or any adjournment thereof, which will be held for the purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing with or without modification, the ordinary and special resolutions and advisory endorsement as detailed in this notice of annual general meeting, and to vote for and/or against such resolutions and advisory endorsement and/or abstain from voting in respect of the ordinary shares registered in my/ our name(s), in accordance with the following instructions:

## Stor-Age Property REIT Limited

Approved as a REIT by the JSE Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa Registration number 2015/168454/06 Share code: SSS ISIN: ZAE000208963 ('Stor-Age' or the 'Company')

## FORM OF PROXY (continued)

Please indicate with an 'X' in the appropriate spaces provided how you wish your vote to be cast. If no indication is given, the proxy will be entitled to vote or abstain as he/she deems fit.

| Resolutions  Number of shares  In favour  Against  Abstain  1  Ordinary resolution number 1: Re-election of Mr J A L Chapman as a director  2  Ordinary resolution number 2: Re-election of Ms P Mbikwana as a director  3  Ordinary resolution number 3: Re-election of Mr M P R Morojele as a director  4  Ordinary resolution number 4: Re-appointment of BDO South Africa Inc.  as auditor  5  Ordinary resolution number 5: Election of Ms K M de Kock as a member  and the chair of the audit and risk committee  6  Ordinary resolution number 6: Election of Ms P Mbikwana as a member  of the audit and risk committee  7  Ordinary resolution number 7: Election of Mr M P R Morojele as a member  of the audit and risk committee  8  Ordinary resolution number 8: General authority to directors to issue shares  for cash  9  Ordinary resolution number 9: Amendment to the Stor-Age Property REIT  Conditional Share Plan  10  Non-binding advisory votes:  1. endorsement of remuneration policy; and  2. endorsement of the implementation report  11  Special resolution number 1: Amended remuneration of non-executive  directors for their service as directors (2023 &amp; 2024 financial years)  12  Special resolution number 2: General authority to provide financial  assistance to subsidiary companies  13  Special resolution number 3: General authority to repurchase ordinary shares   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Signature

Signed at

Assisted by (where applicable) (full name)

Signature

Date on

Capacity

2022

## FORM OF PROXY (continued)

## INSTRUCTIONS AND NOTES ON SIGNING AND LODGING THE PROXY FORM

1.    A  shareholder  holding  dematerialised  ordinary  shares  in  the  Company  by  'own  name'  registration,  or  who  holds ordinary  shares  in  the  Company  that  are  not  dematerialised  may  insert  the  name  of  a  proxy  or  the  name  of  two alternative proxies of their choice in the space(s) provided, with or without deleting 'the chairperson of the meeting'. The person whose name stands first on the form of proxy and who is present at the annual general meeting will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of those whose names follow. A proxy need not also be a shareholder of the Company.
2.    The completion and lodgment of this form of proxy will not preclude the relevant shareholder from attending the annual general meeting and speaking and voting, in respect of their ordinary shares, in person thereat to the exclusion of any proxy appointed in terms hereof, should such shareholder wish to do so.
3.    A shareholder's instruction to the proxy must be indicated by the insertion of the relevant number of shares to be voted on behalf of that shareholder in the appropriate space provided in order that the Company may determine the voting rights exercised in respect of the shares. Failure to comply with the above will be deemed to authorise the chairperson of the annual general meeting, if the chairperson is the authorised proxy, to vote in favour of the ordinary and special resolutions and advisory endorsement at the annual general meeting or other proxy to vote or to abstain from voting at the annual general meeting as he/she deems fit, in respect of the ordinary shares concerned. A shareholder or the proxy is not obliged to use all the votes exercisable by the shareholder or the proxy, but the total of votes cast in respect whereof abstention is recorded may not exceed the total of the votes exercisable by the shareholder or the proxy.
4.    A deletion of any printed matter and the completion of any blank space(s) need not be signed or initialed. Any alteration must be signed, not initialed.
5.    The chairperson of the annual general meeting may reject or accept any form of proxy which is completed and/or submitted other than in accordance with these instructions and notes.
6.    Where there are joint holders of shares and if more than one such joint holder be present or represented, then the person whose name stands first in the register in respect of the shares or his/her proxy, as the case may be, shall alone be entitled to vote in respect thereof.
7.    If  this  form  of  proxy  is  signed  under  power  of  attorney,  such  power of attorney, unless previously registered by the Company, must accompany the form of proxy.
8.    A minor or any other person under legal incapacity must be assisted by his/her parent or guardian, as applicable, unless the relevant documents establishing his/her capacity are produced or have been registered by the Company.
9.    A shareholder is entitled to one vote on a show of hands and, on a poll, to that proportion of the total votes in the Company which the aggregate amount of the nominal value of the ordinary shares held by him bears to the aggregate amount of the nominal value of all the ordinary shares issued by the Company.
10.    A proxy may not delegate his/her authority to act on behalf of the shareholder, to another person.
11.    It is requested that forms of proxy are lodged at or mailed to Computershare Investor Services (Pty) Limited to be received by not later than 14h30 on Tuesday, 30 August 2022. Any shareholder who does not lodge a completed form of proxy by the relevant time will nevertheless be entitled to lodge a form of proxy in respect of the annual general meeting immediately prior to the proxy exercising such shareholder's rights as a shareholder at the AGM, with the chairperson of the annual general meeting.

## Hand deliveries to:

Computershare Investor Services (Pty) Limited 2nd Floor, Rosebank Towers 15 Biermann Avenue Rosebank Johannesburg 2196

## Email:

Proxy@computershare.co.za

## Postal deliveries to:

Computershare Investor Services (Pty) Limited Private Bag X900 Saxonwold 2132

## ANNEXURE 1

## CV'S OF DIRECTORS FOR RE-ELECTION TO THE BOARD AND ELECTION TO THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE

## Mr J A L CHAPMAN

B Sc

Joined the board as lead independent director in January 2020.

John is an executive director of Rabie Property Group, a position he has held for more than 30 years. He is responsible for strategic planning within the Rabie Group, and initiates the planning of all new developments and oversees the marketing of all aspects.

## Mr M P R MOROJELE

MBA (UCT), CA (Lesotho), MSA (Georgetown), BSc (Charlestown) Joined the board in September 2020.

Mntungwa has more than 34 years of business experience, having established and managed various companies including Briske  Performance  Solutions  and  Motebong  Tourism  Investment  Holdings.  He  is  currently  the  CEO  of  iKapa  Connect Investments, which is pursuing opportunities in the Renewable Energy sector. Mntungwa previously held the position of lead independent director of Spur Corporation Limited, a position he held for 8 years during his 10-year term with the company. Mntungwa started his career with KPMG Lesotho before joining Gray Security Services, where he served on the board as Group Marketing Director. He has also previously worked at the Tourism Investment Corporation (Tourvest), as well as served on the boards of Verifone Africa (Pty) Limited and Capital Eye Investments (previously the UCS Group Limited).

## Ms P MBIKWANA

B Com

Joined the board in May 2018.

Phakama has over 20 years' experience in the financial services sector, of which 15 was spent in the commercial and investment banking industry. Prior to her role at Dandelion Capital (Pty) Ltd, a 100% women-owned investment holding company, she was the CEO of Africa Rising Capital (Pty) Ltd. Phakama has also previously held roles at Barclays Africa (sector  head: construction and construction related sectors in the corporate and investment banking division), Standard Bank Group, Investment Solutions (Alex Forbes Multi-Asset Manager) and Nedbank Corporate. She also holds the role of an independent non-executive director on the boards of Wits Health Consortium (Pty) Limited and the National Stokvel Association of South Africa Co-operative Limited.

## Ms K M de KOCK

CA(SA), CFA, MBA (UCT)

Joined the board in May 2018.

Kelly is specialised in the areas of corporate finance and investor relations, as well as business development and operations. She has more than 16 years' commercial experience in the financial services sector and currently holds the position of Chief Operating Officer of Old Mutual Wealth's International and Private Client Capabilities. She previously held the positions of Head of Institutional Business Development at Kagiso Asset Management and Investor Relations Manager: South Africa at Old Mutual plc. Kelly also previously held the positions of Secretary-General of the Association of Black Securities and Investment Professionals (ABSIP) and Western Cape Provincial Chairperson.

## CONTACT DETAILS

## Stor-Age Property REIT Limited

Reg No. 2015/168454/06 Incorporated on 25 May 2015 Approved as a REIT by the JSE Share Code: SSS ISIN: ZAE000208963

## Registered office

216 Main Road Claremont 7708

## Directors

Graham Blackshaw (Chair)**, John Chapman* ^ , Kelly de Kock*, Sello Moloko* 1 , Phakama Mbikwana*, Mntungwa Morojele*, Abu Varachhia*, Gavin Lucas***, Stephen Lucas*** 2 , Steven Horton***

- *^ Lead independent director.
* Independent non-executive director.
- ** Non-executive director.

*** Executive director.

- 1 Resigned from the board 30 June 2021 .
- 2 British citizen.

## Company secretary

HH-O Steyn

## Transfer secretaries

Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited 2nd Floor Rosebank Towers 15 Biermann Avenue Rosebank

## Sponsor

Investec Bank Limited 100 Grayston Drive Sandton

i

SECTION TITLE

<!-- image -->

www.stor-age.co.za