<!-- image -->

stocklight.com  &gt; Stocks  &gt; United States

Stride  &gt; Annual Reports  &gt; 2022 Annual Report

## Stride Annual Report 2022

Form 10-K (NYSE:LRN)

Published: August 10th, 2022

Brought to you by

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Stride (LRN) Historical Annual Reports 2008-2020

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Year  Report  Size  2020  Stride (LRN) 10-K Annual Report - Aug 12th, 2020  941kb  2019  Stride (LRN) 10-K Annual Report - Aug 7th, 2019  993kb  2018  Stride (LRN) 10-K Annual Report - Aug 8th, 2018  1.5mb  2017  Stride (LRN) 10-K Annual Report - Aug 9th, 2017  1016kb  2016  Stride (LRN) 10-K Annual Report - Aug 9th, 2016  1006kb  2015  Stride (LRN) 10-K Annual Report - Aug 4th, 2015  1002kb  2014  Stride (LRN) 10-K Annual Report - Aug 15th, 2014  930kb  2013  Stride (LRN) 10-K Annual Report - Aug 29th, 2013  762kb  2012  Stride (LRN) 10-K Annual Report - Sep 12th, 2012  795kb  2011  Stride (LRN) 10-K Annual Report - Oct 7th, 2011  921kb  2010  Stride (LRN) 10-K Annual Report - Sep 13th, 2010  854kb  2009  Stride (LRN) 10-K Annual Report - Sep 14th, 2009  701kb  2008  Stride (LRN) 10-K Annual Report - Sep 26th, 2008  705kb   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

tec

☒

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

## Form 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended  June 30, 2022

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from                      to

Commission file number 001-33883

## Stride, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

## Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

11720 Plaza America 9 th  Floor Reston, VA 20190

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

95-4774688 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

(703) 483-7000

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Name of each exchange on which

Trading Symbol

LRN

registered

New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)

No ⌧

## None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ◻

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ◻ No ⌧

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ⌧ No ◻

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation ST (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ⌧ No ◻

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of 'large accelerated filer,' 'accelerated filer,' 'smaller reporting company,' and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer ⌧

Non-accelerated filer ◻

Smaller reporting company ☐

Accelerated filer ☐

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ◻

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No

The aggregate market value of the registrant's voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 31, 2021 was $1,015,445,000. Aggregate market value excludes an aggregate of approximately 12,283,269 shares of common stock held by officers and directors and by each person known by the registrant to own 5% or more of the outstanding common stock on such date. Exclusion of shares held by any of these persons should not be construed to indicate that such person possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the registrant, or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the registrant.

The number of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding as of July 29, 2022 was 42,770,888.

## DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

Portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its 2022 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the registrant's fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| PART I  ITEM 1.  Business  4  ITEM 1A.  Risk Factors  20  ITEM 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  38  ITEM 2.  Properties  39  ITEM 3.  Legal Proceedings  39  ITEM 4  Mine Safety Disclosures  39  PART II  ITEM 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of  Equity Securities  40  ITEM 6.  Selected Financial Data  41  ITEM 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  42  ITEM 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  57  ITEM 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  58  ITEM 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  105  ITEM 9A.  Controls and Procedures  105  ITEM 9B.  Other Information  108  ITEM 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection  108  PART III  ITEM 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  109  ITEM 11.  Executive Compensation  109  ITEM 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and, Management and Related Stockholder  Matters  109  ITEM 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  109  ITEM 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services  110  PART IV  ITEM 15.  Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules  111  ITEM 16.  Form 10-K Summary  111   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

Unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the 'Annual Report') to 'Stride,' 'Company,' 'we,' 'our' and 'us' refer to Stride, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.

## SPECIAL NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained  in  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  are  forward-looking  statements.  We  have  tried,  whenever  possible,  to identify these forward-looking statements using words such as 'anticipates,' 'believes,' 'estimates,' 'continues,' 'likely,' 'may,'  'opportunity,'  'potential,'  'projects,'  'will,'  'will  be,'  'expects,'  'plans,'  'intends,'  'should,'  'would'  and  similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements, whether in the negative or the affirmative. These statements reflect our current beliefs and are based upon information currently available to us. Accordingly, such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ  materially  from  those  expressed  in,  or  implied  by,  such  statements.  These  risks,  uncertainties, factors and contingencies include, but are not limited to:

- reduction of per pupil funding amounts at the schools we serve;
- inability to achieve a sufficient level of new enrollments to sustain our business model;
- limitations of the enrollment data we present, which may not fully capture trends in the performance of our business;
- failure to enter into new school contracts or renew existing contracts, in part or in their entirety;
- failure of the schools we serve or us to comply with federal, state and local regulations, resulting in a loss of funding, an obligation to repay funds previously received, or contractual remedies;
- governmental investigations that could result in fines, penalties, settlements, or injunctive relief;
- declines  or  variations  in  academic  performance  outcomes  of  the  students  and  schools  we  serve  as curriculum standards, testing programs and state accountability metrics evolve;
- harm to our reputation resulting from poor performance or misconduct by operators or us in any school in our industry and/or in any school in which we operate;
- legal and regulatory challenges from opponents of virtual public education or for-profit education companies;
- changes in national and local economic and business conditions and other factors, such as natural disasters, pandemics and outbreaks of contagious diseases and other adverse public health developments, such as coronavirus disease 2019 ('COVID-19');
- discrepancies  in  interpretation  of  legislation  by  regulatory  agencies  that  may  lead  to  payment  or  funding disputes;
- termination of our contracts, or a reduction in the scope of services, with schools;
- failure to develop the Career Learning business;
- entry of new competitors with superior technologies and lower prices;
- unsuccessful integration of mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures;
- failure to further develop, maintain and enhance our technology, products, services and brands;

- inadequate recruiting, training and retention of effective teachers and employees;
- infringement of our intellectual property;
- disruptions to our Internet-based learning and delivery systems, including, but not limited to, our data storage systems, resulting from cybersecurity attacks;
- misuse or unauthorized disclosure of student and personal data; and
- failure to prevent or mitigate a cybersecurity incident that affects our systems.

Forward-looking statements reflect our management's expectations or predictions of future conditions, events or results based on various assumptions and management's estimates of trends and economic and regulatory factors in the markets in which we are active, as well as our business plans. They are not guarantees of future performance. By their nature, forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and financial condition may differ,  possibly  materially,  from  the  anticipated  results  and  financial  condition  indicated  in  these  forward-looking statements. There are a number of factors that could cause actual conditions, events or results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. A discussion of factors that could cause actual conditions, events or results to differ  materially  from  those  expressed  in  any  forward-looking  statements appears in 'Part 1-Item 1A-Risk Factors.'

Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements in this Annual Report or that we make from time to time, and to consider carefully the factors discussed in 'Part 1-Item 1A-Risk Factors' of this Annual Report in evaluating these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are representative only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

## PART I

## ITEM 1. BUSINESS

## Company Overview

We are an education services company providing virtual and blended learning.   Our technology-based products and services enable our clients to attract, enroll, educate, track progress, and support students.  These products and services, spanning curriculum, systems, instruction, and support services are designed to help learners of all ages reach their  full  potential  through  inspired  teaching  and  personalized  learning.    Our  clients  are  primarily  public  and  private schools, school districts, and charter boards.  Additionally, we offer solutions to employers, government agencies and consumers.

We offer a wide range of individual products and services, as well as customized solutions, such as our most comprehensive school-as-a-service offering which supports our clients in operating full-time virtual or blended schools. More than three million students have attended schools powered by Stride curriculum and services since our inception.

Our solutions address two growing markets: General Education and Career Learning.

| General Education  Career Learning  ●      School-as-a-service  ●    Stride Career Prep school-as-a-service  ●      Stride Private Schools  ●        Learning  Solutions  Career  Learning  software  and services sales  ●            Learning  Solutions  software  and  services  sales  ●    Adult Learning   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Products and services for the General Education market are predominantly focused on core subjects, including math, English, science and history, for kindergarten through twelfth grade students to help build a common foundation of knowledge.  Programs utilizing General Education products and services are for students that are not specializing in any particular curriculum or course of study.  These programs provide an alternative to traditional 'brick-and-mortar' school options  and  address  a  range  of  student  needs  including,  safety  concerns,  increased  academic  support,  scheduling flexibility,

physical/health  restrictions  or  advanced  learning.    Products  and  services  are  sold  as  a  comprehensive  school-as-aservice offering or à la carte.

Career Learning products and services are focused on developing skills to enter and succeed in careers in highgrowth, in-demand industries-including information technology, health care and business.   Through our Career Learning programs, we offer middle and high school students content pathways that include job-ready skills and work experiences and,  for  high  school  students,  that  can  lead  toward  an  industry  certification  and/or  college  credits.    Like  General Education products and services, the products and services for the Career Learning market are sold as a comprehensive school-as-a-service  offering  or  à  la  carte.    Through  our  Adult  Learning  brands,  we  also  offer  in-person  and  remote immersive  programs  and  self-paced,  structured  online  Career  Learning  programs  to  adult  learners  in  software engineering, healthcare, and medical fields, as well as providing staffing and talent development services to employers. These programs are offered directly to consumers, as well as to employers and government agencies.

For  both  the  General  Education  and  Career  Learning  markets,  the  majority  of  revenue  is  derived  from  our comprehensive  school-as-a-service  offering  which  includes  an  integrated  package  of  curriculum,  technology  systems, instruction, and support services that we administer on behalf of our customers. The average duration of the agreements for  our  school-as-a-service  offering  is  greater  than  five  years,  and  most  provide  for  automatic  renewals  absent  a customer notification of non-renewal. During any fiscal year, we may enter into new agreements, receive non-automatic renewal  notices,  negotiate  replacement  agreements,  terminate  such  agreements  or  receive  notices  of  termination,  or customers may transition a school to a different offering.

## Our History

We were founded in 2000 to utilize  advances  in  technology  to  provide  children  with  access  to  a  high-quality education  regardless  of  their  geographic  location  or  socioeconomic  background.  Given  the  geographic  flexibility  of technology-based  education,  we  believed  we  could  help  address  the  growing  concerns  regarding  the  regionalized disparity  in  the  quality  and  breadth  of  available  curriculum  and  instruction,  both  in  the  United  States  and  abroad.  The convergence  of  these  factors  and  rapid  advances  in  Internet  networks  created  the  opportunity  to  make  a  significant impact by deploying online learning software and systems on a flexible, online platform.

In September 2001, we introduced our kindergarten through 2 nd  grade offering in Pennsylvania and Colorado, serving approximately 900 students in the two states combined. We subsequently added new grades and new schools in additional states. We also launched blended public schools that combine face-to-face time in the classroom with online instruction and opened an online private school to reach students worldwide. For the 2021-2022 school year, we provided our school-as-a-service offering to 80 schools in 30 states and the District of Columbia in the General Education market, and  42  schools  in  24  states  in  the  Career  Learning  market.    We  also  serve  schools  in  49  states  and  the  District  of Columbia through our Learning Solutions sales channel.

In 2020, we acquired three adult learning companies, Galvanize, Tech Elevator, and MedCerts to enter into and expand the Company's offerings.  These Adult Learning brands deliver a mix of in-person and remote training in software engineering and allied healthcare to consumers and enterprises..

## Our Market

The U.S. market for K-12 education is large and virtual and blended learning has gained broader usage due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. For example:

- According to a May 2021 report of the National Education Policy Center ('NEPC') entitled 'Virtual Schools in the U.S. 2021,' in 2019-20, 477 full-time virtual schools enrolled 332,279 students, and 306 blended schools enrolled 152,530 students. The NEPC report further states forty  states had either virtual or blended schools.
- In  an  April  2021  study  of  16  to  18  year  old  students  in  the  U.S.  and  U.K.,  the  Society  for  Industrial  and Applied  Mathematics  found  that  one-third  of  students  would  choose  either  full-time  or  part-time  online education  even  after  things  return  to  normal  after  the  pandemic.    This  included  29%  of  students  who preferred a hybrid approach, and 4% of students who preferred a full-time virtual education.

- In 2021, the National Home Education Research Institute estimated that there were approximately 3.7 million home-educated  students  in  the  United  States  during  School  Year  2020-2021.    Prior  to  the  COVID-19 pandemic,  the  number  of  students  was  2.5  million,  and  estimates  showed  home-educated  student enrollments growing by 2% per year since 2016.
- April  2022  data  from  the  Bureau  of  Labor  Statistics  estimates  that  demand  for  occupations  that  require nondegree postsecondary education will grow 9.7% by 2030, a faster rate than overall employment.

## Demand for Education Alternatives: The Market Opportunity

As evidenced by the rapid evolution of education technology and varying educational options being offered to learners of all ages, no single learning model has been found that works equally well for every student. Learners today utilize technology in all aspects of their lives, and we expect this reality to extend to their education. Our business has been built on the premise that every learner, regardless of geographic location or socioeconomic background, is entitled to a high-quality education that is individualized and adaptable based on the student's unique needs. We also believe all learners can benefit from more engaging technology-enriched educational content.

We anticipate that full-time online public schools will meet the needs of a small percentage of the overall United States K-12 student population, but that segment will still represent a large and growing opportunity for us in absolute terms.  Across  our  educational  programs,  learners  come  from  a  broad  range  of  social,  economic  and  academic backgrounds. Examples of students for whom our full-time virtual or blended solutions may fit include, but are not limited to, families with: (i) students seeking to learn in a way that better accommodates their individual needs; (ii) safety, social and health concerns about their local school, including students who are being bullied or are subjected to discrimination; (iii) students with disabilities who are seeking alternatives to traditional classrooms; (iv) students for whom the local public school  is  not  meeting  their  needs;  (v)  students  who  seek  or  need  greater  flexibility  than  other  alternatives,  such  as student-athletes and performers who are not able to attend regularly scheduled classes; (vi) college-bound students who want to bolster their college readiness and application appeal by taking additional Advanced Placement ('AP'), honors and/or elective courses; (vii) students seeking career and technical skills; (viii) high school dropouts who have decided to re-enroll in school to earn a diploma; and (ix) students of military families who desire high-quality, consistent education as they  relocate  to  new  locations.  Our  individualized  learning  approach  allows  students  to  optimize  their  educational experience and, therefore, their chances of achieving their goals.

Although the COVID-19 pandemic changed the awareness and acceptance of virtual and blended learning, we continue to expect most students in the United States will be educated in traditional school buildings and classrooms. However, we believe that certain student segments will benefit from the availability to choose an online public education (including blended learning models), and that states and districts will seek to incorporate virtual and blended solutions into  their  school-based  programs.  Our  school-as-a-service  offering  offers  a  full  service,  integrated  program,  and  a complete solution for districts and schools that desire a comprehensive option. For public school customers who need less  than  a  full  service  offering,  our  Learning  Solutions  sales  channel  provides  online  curriculum  and  services  on  a solutions-oriented,  customized  basis.  We  continue  to  invest  significant  resources,  organically  and  through  licensing  or acquisitions, in developing product offerings that afford us the flexibility to serve different types of customers with varying value propositions and price points that are adaptable to an institution's and individuals' capabilities and needs. These investments are intended to expand our current assets into markets that have appeal to today's education consumers. Moreover, we have pursued, and will continue to pursue, selected markets outside the United States where we believe our products and services can address local foreign market needs.

We believe the growth in careers requiring non degree post-secondary awards will drive more adult learners to seek training solutions that lead to credentials or certifications.  It is anticipated that these learners will seek lower cost, more accessible training solutions that prepare them for the workforce in less time than traditional post-secondary degree programs.  Our adult learning solutions provide these types of learners with content, instruction, and career placement services  to  help  them  achieve  their  career  goals.      Additionally,  according  to  the  Society  for  Human  Resource Management,  recruiting  and  hiring  remains  one  of  the  top  challenges  for  companies.      To  address  this  challenge, companies are beginning to cover the cost of training for entry-level positions as well as increasing budgets for upskilling and reskilling  of  their  existing  workforce.  Stride's  adult  learning  solutions  address  these  employer  needs  by  providing training  and  job  placement  and  recruitment  services.    We  anticipate  that  this  market  will  continue  to  grow  as  more employers recognize the benefits of retaining existing talent rather than sourcing new talent.

## Our Lines of Revenue

## General Education

Products and services for the General Education market are predominantly focused on core subjects, including math, English, science and history, for kindergarten through twelfth grade students to help build a common foundation of knowledge.  Programs utilizing General Education products and services are for students that are not specializing in any particular curriculum or course of study.  These programs provide an alternative to traditional school options and address a range of student needs including, safety concerns, increased academic support, scheduling flexibility, physical/health restrictions or advanced learning.   Products and services are sold as a comprehensive school-as-a-service offering or à la carte.

## Career Learning

Career Learning products and services are focused on developing skills to enter and succeed in careers in highgrowth, in-demand industries-including information technology, health care and business.  We provide middle and high school students with Career Learning programs that complement their core general education coursework in math, English, science and history. Stride offers multiple career pathways supported by a diverse catalog of Career Learning courses. The middle school program exposes students to a variety of career options and introduces career skill development. In high school, students may engage in industry content pathway courses, project-based learning in virtual teams, and career development services. High school students have the opportunity to progress toward certifications, connect with industry professionals, earn college credits while in high school, and participate in job shadowing and/or work-based learning experiences that are required to succeed in today's digital, tech-enabled economy.  A student enrolled in a school offering Stride's General Education program may take Career Learning courses, but that student and the associated revenue is not reported as a Career Learning enrollment or Career Learning revenue. However, a student and the associated revenue, whether in middle or high school, is counted as a Career Learning enrollment or Career Learning revenue if the student is enrolled in a Career Learning program.

Like General Education products and services, the products and services for the Career Learning market are sold as a comprehensive school-as-a-service offering or à la carte.  We also offer focused post-secondary career learning programs to adult learners, through our Galvanize, Tech Elevator, and MedCerts brands.  These include skills training for t h e software  engineering,  healthcare,  and  medical  fields,  as  well  as  staffing  and  talent  development  services  to employers. These programs are offered directly to consumers, as well as to employers and government agencies.

## Our Sales Channels

## Virtual and Blended Schools

The Virtual and Blended Public Schools we serve offer an integrated package of systems, services, products, and professional expertise that we administer to support a virtual or blended public school. Customers of these programs can obtain the administrative support, information technology, academic support services, online curriculum, learning system platforms  and  instructional  services  under  the  terms  of  a  negotiated  service  and  product  agreement.  We  provide  our school-as-a-service  offerings  to  virtual  and  blended  public  charter  schools  and  school  districts.  These  contracts  are negotiated with, and approved by, the governing authorities of the customer. The duration of these service and product agreements are typically greater than five years, and most provide for automatic renewals absent a customer notification of  non-renewal. During any fiscal year, the Company may enter into new agreements, receive non-automatic renewal notices, negotiate replacement agreements, terminate such agreements or receive notice of termination, or customers may transition a school to a different offering. The governing boards may also establish school policies and other terms and conditions over the course of a contract, such as enrollment parameters. The authorizers who issue the charters to our school-as-a-service customers can renew, revoke, or modify those charters as well.

The majority of our revenue is derived from these school-as-a-service agreements with the governing authorities of  the  public  schools  we  serve.  In  addition  to  providing  a  comprehensive  course  catalog,  related  books  and  physical materials,  a  learning  management system for online learning, and, in certain cases, student computers, we also offer these  schools  a  variety  of  administrative  support,  technology  and  academic  support  services.  Full-time  virtual  and blended  school  students  access  online  lessons  over  the  internet  and  utilize  offline  learning  materials  we  provide. Students  receive  assignments,  complete  lessons,  take  assessments,  and  are  instructed  by  teachers  with  whom  they interact via email,

telephonically, in synchronous virtual classroom environments, and sometimes face-to-face. In either case, for parents who believe their  child  is  not  thriving  in  their  current  school  or  for  students  and  families  who  require  time  or  location flexibility in their schooling, virtual and blended public schools can provide a compelling choice. Students attending many of these schools are also provided the opportunity to participate in a wide variety of school activities, including field trips, service learning opportunities, honor societies, and clubs. In addition to school-level activities, we sponsor a wide variety of extracurricular activities on a national basis, such as clubs, contests and college and career planning sessions.

These virtual public schools operate under different brands including Virtual Academies (our General Education offering), Stride Career Prep (including Destinations Career Academies, which focus on career pathways), Insight schools (which tend to focus on particular student segments, such as only middle and high school grade levels, at-risk students and career readiness programs), and iQ Academy Minnesota (where responsibility for academic program and regulatory compliance rests with the school district).

In addition to our full-time virtual programs, we offer a variety of support services and sell our products to blended schools, which are schools that combine online and face-to-face instruction for students in a variety of ways with varying amounts of time spent by students in a physical learning center. In contrast to a typical brick and mortar public school, blended  schools  can  provide  a  greater selection of available courses, increased  opportunities for self-paced, individualized  instruction  and  greater  scheduling  flexibility.    These  blended  programs  bring  students  and  teachers physically  together  more  often  than  a  purely  online  program.  In  some  blended  schools  we  support,  students  attend  a learning  center  on  a  part-time  basis,  where  they  receive  face-to-face  instruction,  in  addition  to  their  online  virtual curriculum and instruction.

## Learning Solutions

Our Learning Solutions sales channel distributes our software and services to schools and school districts across the  U.S.    Over  the  past  few  years,  both  as  a  result  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic  and  continuing  trends  toward  digital solutions,  public  schools  and  school  districts  have  been  increasingly  adopting  online  solutions  to  augment  teaching practices,  launch  new  learning  models,  cost-effectively  expand  course  offerings,  provide  schedule  flexibility,  improve student  engagement,  increase  graduation  rates,  replace  textbooks,  and  retain  students.  State  education  funds traditionally  allocated  for  textbook  and  print  materials  have  also  been  authorized  for  the  purchase  of  digital  content, including  online  courses,  and  in  some  cases  mandated  access  to  online  courses.  Additionally,  districts  are  seeking support for implementations that blend virtual and in-person instruction.

To address the growing need for digital solutions and the emerging need for comprehensive virtual solutions, our Learning Solutions team provides curriculum and technology solutions, packaged in a portfolio of flexible learning and delivery models mapped to specific student and/or district needs. This portfolio approach provides a continuum of delivery models,  from  full-time  programs  to  individual  course  sales  and  supplemental  options  that  can  be  used  in  traditional classrooms  to  differentiate  instruction.  Our  Learning  Solutions  team  strives  to  partner  with  public  schools  and  school districts,  primarily  in  the  U.S.,  to  provide  more  options  and  better  tools  to  empower  teachers  to  improve  student achievement  through  personalized  learning  in  traditional,  blended  and  online  learning  environments  and  to  provide comprehensive support for teachers and administrators to deliver effective virtual and blended instructions.

## Private Programs

We also operate tuition-based private schools that meet a range of student needs from individual course credit recovery to college preparatory programs. These programs address students and families in the states in which we do not offer a free public option, as well as students looking for additional flexibility.  Additionally, many families can use education  savings  accounts,  tax  credits  and  vouchers  to  attend  these  schools  for  low  or  no  cost.    We  also  pursue international opportunities where we believe there is significant demand for a quality online education. Our international students are typically from expatriate families who wish to study in English and foreign students who desire a U.S. high school diploma. In addition, we have entered into agreements that enable us to distribute our products and services to our international school partners who use our courses to provide broad elective offerings and dual diploma programs.

## Consumer Sales

We  also  offer  individual  online  courses  and  supplemental  educational  products  directly  to  families.  These purchasers desire to educate their children as homeschoolers, outside of the traditional school system or to supplement their child's existing public or private school education without the aid of an online teacher. Customers of our consumer

products  have  the  option  of  purchasing  a  complete  curriculum,  individual  courses,  or  a  variety  of  other  supplemental products, covering various subjects depending on their child's needs. Typical applications include summer school course work, home-schooling, enrichment, and educational supplements.

## Adult Learning

We  offer  adult  learning  training  programs  through  Galvanize,  Tech  Elevator,  and  MedCerts,  which  provide programs that address the skills gap facing companies in the information technology and health care sectors.  Galvanize and  Tech  Elevator  offer  in-person  and  remote  immersive  full-time  software  engineering  programs  designed  for  adult learners looking to advance their technology careers by providing such learners with skills and real-world experiences. MedCerts provides self-paced, fully online structured training programs that lead to certifications in the health care field. These brands also work directly with enterprises to create customized, tailored education plans to help companies train, upskill, and reskill their employees.

## Our Business Strategy

We  are  committed  to  maximizing  every  learner's  potential  by  personalizing  their  educational  experience, delivering a quality education to schools and students, and supporting our customers in their quest to improve academic outcomes  and  prepare  them  for  college  and  future  careers.  In  furtherance  of  those  objectives,  we  plan  to  continue investing  in  our  curriculum  and  learning  systems.  These  investments  include  initiatives  to  create  and  deploy  a  next generation curriculum and learning platform, improve the effectiveness of our school workforce, develop new instructional approaches  to  increase  student  and  parental  engagement,  and  improve  our  systems  and  security  architecture.  This strategy consists of the following key elements:

Affect  Better  Student  Outcomes. We  are  committed  to  improving  student  outcomes  for  every  student  in  the schools we serve. To achieve this goal we: (i) invest in training and professional development for teachers and school leaders,  which  may  include  a  competency-based  Master's  Graduate  Degree  in  Online  Teaching  K-12  though  our partnership  with  Southern  New  Hampshire  University;  (ii)  develop  programs  and  initiatives  designed  to  improve  the learning  experience,  such  as  our  interactive  media  projects,  virtual  science  labs  and  AP  test  prep;  (iii)  enhance  our curriculum to make it more engaging, adaptive and available to all students anywhere; and (iv) update our content as state  standards  and  state  assessments  change.  We  also  will  focus  our  marketing  and  enrollment  efforts  on  helping students and families understand the unique demands and challenges of the online learning environment. We believe better  understanding  by  parents  and  students  will  better  prepare  students  for  the  work  and  improve  their  chance  at academic success.

Improve Student Retention in Our School-as-a-Service Offerings. To ensure the best outcomes for students, we have partnered with the school boards we serve to make a concerted effort to enroll and retain students who are truly engaged  and  ready  to  learn.  Research  shows  that  students  who  remain  in  the  same  school  setting  longer  generally perform better academically, and retention is especially challenging with virtual and blended schools because families have the option of enrolling their children in a brick and mortar school or another virtual or blended school. Once students are enrolled, we offer programs  to provide early intervention and focused engagement and retention strategies, which strive to help students stay on track, improve engagement and, ultimately, give students a better chance at academic success.

Grow  Career  Learning  Enrollments  and  Expand  Career  Training  Market. To  grow  Stride's  Career  Learning business  and  enrollments  we  are  expanding  the  Stride  Career  Prep  brand,  and  pursuing  industry  partnerships.  We believe this approach will be more advanced than traditional vocational training and broader than enrollment in a series of career technical education ('CTE') courses.  We seek to expand our addressable market by offering career readiness training beyond our traditional K-12 market and into adult education and corporate training.  .

Introduce New and Improved Products and Services. We  intend  to  continue  to  expand  our  product  line  and offerings, both internally and through licensing or strategic acquisitions of products that expand our current portfolio. This includes  pursuing  development  and  licensing  of  curriculum  and  platforms  that  are  accessible  from  tablet  and  mobile devices  and  leveraging  adaptive  learning  technologies  and  solutions.  We  will  also  invest  in  our  current  products  and assets to make them more accessible to larger markets by improving the user experience and content.

Increase Enrollments at Existing Virtual and Blended Public Schools . Some state regulations, school governing authorities and/or districts limit or cap student enrollment or enrollment growth. At the direction of our school board and

school district customers, we seek to provide an opportunity for more students to attend these schools, and support their efforts  to  work  with  legislators,  state  departments  of  education,  educators  and  parents  to  increase  or  remove  student enrollment caps.

Expand Virtual and Blended Public School Presence into Additional States and Cities. As  laws  change  and opportunities  arise,  we  work  with  states,  school  districts,  regional  education  organizations,  and  charter  schools  to authorize and establish new virtual and blended public schools and to contract with them to provide our curriculum, online learning  platform,  support  services,  and  other  related  offerings.  Traditional  school  districts  are  becoming  a  greater percentage of our customer base.

Grow Our Learning Solutions Sales Channel. Our broad Learning Solutions course catalog ranges from pre-K to 12th grade, instructional services, supplemental solutions, and teacher development and is the key driver for Learning Solutions growth. We work to continue the market adoption of these solutions and services as school districts partner with us  to  address  a  variety  of  academic  needs  and  to  facilitate  personalized  learning  in  traditional,  blended  and  online learning environments.

Add Enrollments in Our Private Schools. We currently operate online private schools that we believe appeal to a broad range of students and families. We look to drive increased enrollments in these schools by increasing awareness, through targeted marketing programs, and by partnerships with traditional brick and mortar private schools.

Develop Additional Channels through which to Deliver Our Learning Systems. We plan to evaluate other delivery channels on a routine basis and to pursue opportunities where we believe there is likely to be significant demand for our offering,  such  as  direct  classroom  instruction,  blended  classroom  models,  career  technical  education,  supplemental educational products, adult learning, and individual products packaged and sold directly to consumers. We have made strategic investments in other companies to supplement our Learning Solutions go-to-market approach with a focus on advising school districts on their digital classroom transformation efforts.

Pursue Strategic  Partnerships  and  Acquisitions. We  may  pursue  selective  acquisitions  that  complement  our existing educational offerings and business capabilities, and that are natural extensions of our core competencies. We may also pursue acquisitions that extend our offerings and business capabilities. We believe we can be a valued-added partner or contribute our expertise in curriculum development and educational services to serve more students.  In 2018, we partnered with  Southern  New  Hampshire  University  to  invest  in  the  development  of  degree-granting  programs  for online teaching.

## Products and Services

We continue to invest in curriculum and technology to educate students more effectively and efficiently. Much of our  investment  has  been  in  the  development  of  improved  functionality  of  our  curriculum  and  systems.  Areas  of  focus include: (i)  integration  and  user  experience-making sure that all of our systems and solutions are easy for teachers, administrators, students, and parents to use; (ii) mobile enabled products; (iii) portability-making sure that our platforms integrate  with  and  onto  third-party  platforms;  (iv)  features  which  personalize  learning  for  all  students  we  serve;  (v) courses that are flexible enough to provide assistance to struggling students; (vi) reading and oral fluency scoring; (vii) alignment with state standards; (viii) built-in tutoring and support functionality; and (ix) a virtual learning platform which supports the scheduling and delivery of instruction, tracking of attendance, recording of instructional sessions, and allows student group work.

We provide various products and services to customers on an individual basis as well as customized solutions, including our comprehensive school-as-a-service offering which supports our customers in operating full-time virtual or blended  schools.  We  continue  to  expand  upon  our  personalized  learning  model,  improve  the  user  experience  of  our products, and develop tools and partnerships to more effectively engage and serve students, teachers, administrators, and adult learners.

## Curriculum and Content

Our customers can select from hundreds of high-quality, engaging, online coursework and content, as well as many state-customized versions of those courses, electives, and instructional supports.  We have built core courses with the guidance and recommendations of leading educational organizations at the national and state levels. State standards

continue  to  evolve,  and  we  invest  in  our  curriculum  to  meet  these  changing  requirements.    Additionally,  through  our Galvanize,  Tech  Elevator  and  MedCerts  brands,  we  have  high-quality,  engaging,  online  coursework  and  content  in information technology and health care

## Systems

We  have  established  a  secure  and  reliable  technology  platform,  which  integrates  proprietary  and  third-party systems to provide a high-quality educational environment and gives us the capability to grow our customer programs and enrollment.    Our  end-to-end  platform  includes  content  management,  learning  management,  student  information,  data reporting and analytics, and various support systems that allow customers to provide a high-quality, and personalized educational  experience  for  students.    À  la  carte  offerings  can  provide  curriculum  and  content  hosting  on  customers' learning management systems, or integrate with customers' student information systems.

## Instructional Services

We offer a broad range of instructional services that include customer support for instructional teams, including recruitment of state certified teachers, training in research-based online instruction methods and systems, oversight and evaluation services, and ongoing professional development.  Stride also provides training options to support teachers and parents to meet students' learning needs. Our range of training options are designed to enhance skills needed to teach using an online learning platform, and include hands-on training, on-demand courses, and support materials.

## Support Services

We offer  a  broad  range  of  support  services,  including  marketing  and  enrollment  (e.g.,  supporting  prospective students  through  the  admission  process),  assessment  management,  administrative  support  (e.g.,  budget  proposals, financial reporting, and student data reporting), and technology and materials support (e.g., providing student computers, offline learning kits, internet access and technology support services).

## Academic Performance

Our fundamental goal for every child who enrolls in a school that has purchased our school-as-a-service offering, is to improve their academic performance.  With the implementation of the federal Every Student Succeeds Act ('ESSA') beginning with the 2017-18 school year, each of the states in which we support virtual and blended public schools has been given the authority to develop a school accountability plan within the confines of a broad federal ESSA framework based on their own conception of the best means to advance college and career readiness. The ESSA requires states to utilize  four  academic-related  indicators  in  their  accountability  plans  to  measure  school  and  student  performance: academic  achievement,  student  growth  in  reading  and  math,  graduation  rate,  and  progress  in  achieving  English language proficiency. The states were given discretion on the weight to give to each indicator and how to apply them. Most of the state ESSA plans submitted in 2017 to the U.S. Department of Education use some form of summative rating method to describe school performance, such as conferring an A-F grade or using a ranking system having a 1-10 scale. A significant new element of this education law is a requirement for states to adopt at least one non-academic indicator in their state's accountability system to measure 'school quality or student success,' often called the 'fifth' indicator. Unlike No Child Left Behind where the only measure of school performance was an Annual Yearly Progress report, there are a wide range of non-academic options enumerated in the ESSA that the states can adopt to advance their own 'school quality or student success' accountability objectives. The states may include measures of student engagement, educator engagement, student access to and completion of advanced coursework, post-secondary readiness, school climate and safety,  and  any  other  indicator  a  state  may  choose  for  this  purpose.  For  example,  a  post-secondary  readiness accountability indicator can include student participation in and completion of a CTE program of study, or access to dual credit  programs.  Similarly,  a  student  engagement  indicator  may  focus  on  teacher  observations  or  ratings  that demonstrate improvements in this area.

We share  the  view  taken  by  many  states  that  assessing  a  student  by  his  or  her  learning  growth  is  a  more accurate  indicator  of  school  and  student  performance  than  attaining  a  static  proficiency  score.  This  approach  is  now reflected in the ESSA as well. All of our school-as-a-service offerings administer nationally recognized, norm-referenced assessments to measure student growth during the school year, to prepare students for state assessments and to guide instruction. To ensure all schools are utilizing best practices learned from other successful school clients and from other high  performing  schools  across  the  country,  we  have  developed  an  academic  framework  that  addresses  teacher preparation, delivery of instruction, and student assessment. Effective instruction is informed by and evaluated based on student-level data. As part

of the academic framework, schools implement plans to collect student-level data throughout the year through the use of norm-referenced  growth  measures  at  least  three  times  per  year,  along  with  strategically  placed  formative  interims, benchmarks, and summative assessments.

In  addition  to  the  complexities  involved  in  measuring  academic  performance  of  students,  we  believe  that  the virtual  and  blended  public  schools  we  serve  face  unique  challenges  impacting  academic  success  not  necessarily encountered to the same extent by traditional brick and mortar schools. These challenges include students who enter behind grade level or under-credited, high student mobility, lack of control  over  the  student  learning  environment  and higher than average percentages of students eligible for free or reduced-price lunch in many states. With rare exceptions, the data shows that students identified as eligible for free lunch had lower percentages at or above proficiency levels than students eligible for reduced-price lunch, and both groups usually underperformed students identified as not eligible for subsidized meals. In addition, for decades, educational research has shown that persistence-remaining and proceeding at pace in the same school setting-can benefit academic performance, while mobility-moving from one school setting to another-can have a destabilizing influence, causing students to struggle and lapse in academic performance.

While measuring academic performance is necessary, taking meaningful steps to improve  academic performance and student outcomes is an integral part of our mission. Accordingly, we continually strive to achieve that objective by undertaking new initiatives and improving existing programs that support students and families. To monitor student  learning  progress  during  the  school  year,  we  use  multiple  equivalent  assessments  at  the  lesson,  unit  and semester level. This is intended to ensure that our measurement is reliable and valid. We provide more synchronous sessions  for  at-risk  students  based  on  data  driven  instruction  that  provides  for  targeted  teacher  intervention  to  assist students with lesson challenges.

## Competition

As a general matter, we face varying degrees of competition from a variety of education companies because the scope of our offerings and the customers we serve encompass many separate and distinct segments of the education business. We compete primarily with companies that provide online curriculum and school support services to K-12 virtual and  blended  public  schools  and  school  districts,  including  those  with  a  career  orientation.  These  companies  include Pearson  PLC  (Connections  Academy),  Lincoln  Learning  Solutions,  StrongMind,  Pansophic  Learning,  Inspire  Charter Schools, and Charter Schools USA, and state-administered online programs, among others. We also face competition from  digital  and  print  curriculum  developers.  The  digital  curriculum  providers  include  Apex  Learning  Inc.,  Curriculum Associates, Imagine Learning LLC, Edmentum Inc., Dreambox Learning, Inc., and traditional textbook publishers such as Houghton  Mifflin  Harcourt  and  McGraw  Hill.  Other  competing  digital  curriculum  providers,  including  Khan  Academy, Duolingo, IXL Learning, Inc. and Nearpod Inc., offer a different pricing model which provides curriculum at a lower cost (sometimes  free)  but  may  charge  for  additional  products  or  services.  We  also  compete  with  institutions  such  as  The Laurel Springs School (Nobel Learning Communities, Inc.) and Penn Foster Inc. for online private pay school students. Additionally, our Adult Learning offerings compete with other in-person and remote immersive programs and self-paced online  training  programs.    These  include  General  Assembly  (a  subsidiary  of  Adecco),  Lambda  School  (Lambda  Inc.), Carrus, Inc., and Education to Go (a subsidiary of Cengage Learning), among others.

We believe that the primary factors on which we compete are:

- extensive experience in, and understanding of, virtual education delivery;
- comprehensive suite of academic programs;
- customer satisfaction;
- quality of integrated curriculum and materials with an online delivery platform;
- qualifications, experience and training teachers for online instruction;
- comprehensiveness of school management and student support services;
- integrated K-12 solutions, with components designed and built to work together;
- ability to leverage our assets across our business; and
- sophisticated  government  affairs  knowledge  and  experience  in  virtual  and  blended  school  regulatory environments.

Broadly speaking, we participate in the market for digital education and adult training. In states where we enter into  multi-year  service  and  product  agreements  with  virtual  and  blended  public  schools,  we  believe  that  we  generally serve less than 1% of the public school students in that state. The customers for Learning Solutions sales are schools and school districts seeking individual courses to supplement their course catalogs or school districts seeking to offer an online education program to serve the needs of a small subset of their overall student population. Defining a more precise relevant  market  upon  which  to  base  a  share  estimate  would  not  be  meaningful  due  to  significant  limitations  on  the comparability of data among jurisdictions. For example, some providers to K-12 virtual public schools serve only high school students; others serve elementary and middle school students, and some serve both. There are also providers of online virtual K-12 education that operate solely within individual states or geographic regions rather than globally as we do. Furthermore, some school districts offer their own virtual programs with which we compete. Parents in search of an alternative to their local public school have a number of alternatives beyond virtual and blended public schools, including private schools, public charter schools and home schooling. In our private schools, we compete for students seeking an English-based K-12 education worldwide. In addition, our integrated learning systems consist of components that face competition  from  many  different  types  of  education  companies,  such  as  traditional  textbook  publishers,  test  and assessment  firms  and  private  education  management  companies.  These  learning  systems  are  designed  to  operate domestically and internationally, and thus, the geographic market for many of our products and services is global and indeterminate in size.  Finally, our Adult Learning brands compete with post-secondary providers, both public and private, as well as other certificate and credential providers.  They also compete with upskilling and reskilling training programs developed in-house by employers.

## Key Functional Areas

## Public Affairs, School Development, Student Recruitment and Marketing

We  seek  to  increase  public  awareness  of  the  educational  and  fiscal  benefits  of  our  online  learning  options through  full-time  virtual  and  blended  instructional  models,  as  well  as  supplementary  course  options.  We  receive numerous inquiries from school districts, legislators, public charter school boards, community leaders, state departments of education, educators and parents who express the desire to have a choice in public school options. Our public affairs and school development teams work together with these interested parties to identify and pursue opportunities to expand the use of our products and services in new and existing jurisdictions.

Our student recruitment and marketing team is focused on promoting the K-12 online education category and generating enrollments for the Company's virtual and blended school customers within that category.  This is achieved by creating awareness among families with K-12 students through integrated marketing campaigns that include offline and digital  media,  as  well  as  web  assets.  These  campaigns  are  continuously  optimized  using  data  analytics  and  market research. The marketing team also assists in enhancing the onboarding experience of new students to online schooling. Additionally,  our  marketing  team  is  working  to  ensure  awareness  of  our  adult  learning  options,  delivered  through  our Galvanize, Tech Elevator, and MedCerts brands.

## Operations

Over our 20 years of operation, we believe that we have gained significant experience in the sourcing, assembly and delivery of school supplies and materials. We have developed strong relationships with partners allowing us to source goods at favorable price, quality and service levels. Our fulfillment partner stores our inventory, assembles our learning kits  and  ships  the  kits  to  students.  We  have  invested  in  systems,  including  our  Order  Management  System,  to automatically  translate  the  curriculum  selected  by  each  enrolled  student  into  a  personalized  order  to  fulfill  the corresponding learning kits to ship to each student. As a result, we believe we have an end-to-end warehousing and fulfillment operation that will cost-effectively scale as the business grows in scope and complexity.

For many of our virtual and blended public school customers, we attempt to reclaim any materials that could be cost-effectively re-utilized in the next school year. These items, once returned to our fulfillment centers, are refurbished and included in future learning kits. This reclamation process allows us to maintain lower materials costs. Our fulfillment activities are highly seasonal, and are centered on the start of school in August or September. To ensure that students in virtual  and  blended  public  schools  have  access  to  our  systems,  we  often  provide  students  with  a  computer,  where applicable or required and all necessary support. We source computers and ship them to students when they enroll and reclaim the computers upon termination of their enrollment or withdrawal from the school in which they are enrolled.

## Technology

Stride's  online  learning  systems,  along  with  our  back-office  support  systems,  run  on  cloud  infrastructure  from Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure.

Architecture. Stride's key systems leverage a technology architecture that allows us to develop iterative solutions to meet both present and future market needs.

Availability and Redundancy. Stride's systems run on world-class cloud infrastructure from AWS and Azure that operate in multiple availability zones.

Cybersecurity. A business-centric information security program has also been adopted that is tailored to adjust to an ever-changing IT compliance and information security threat landscape. Our cybersecurity measures and policies are aligned  with  cybersecurity  guidance  from  the  National  Institute  of  Standards  &amp;  Technologies  (NIST)  across  our  cloud ecosystems.

Physical  Infrastructure. Stride  has  completed  the  migration  of  our  entire  application  portfolio  to  Amazon  Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure.  We leverage various technologies to monitor our application and infrastructure ecosystem on a 7 X 24 X 365 basis.

## Other Information

## Intellectual Property

We continue to invest in our intellectual property through internal development and by acquisitions as we aim to offer more courses for new grades and expand into adjacent education markets, both in the United States and overseas. Through acquisitions, we have also obtained curriculum, patents and trademarks that expand our portfolio of educational products and services. We continue to add features and tools to our proprietary learning platform and support systems to assist  teachers  and  students  and  improve  educational  outcomes,  such  as  adaptive  learning  technologies.  These intellectual property assets are critical to our success and we avail ourselves of the full protections provided under the patent, copyright, trademark and trade secrets laws. We also routinely utilize confidentiality and licensing agreements with our employees, the virtual and blended public schools, traditional schools, school districts and private schools that we serve, individual  consumers,  contractors  and  other  businesses  and  persons  with  which  we  have  commercial relationships.

Our patent portfolio includes five U.S.-issued patents and one foreign-issued patents directed towards various aspects of our educational products and offerings. Three of the U.S.-issued patents encompass our system and methods of  virtual  schooling  and  online  foreign  language  instruction.  The  other  two  U.S.-issued  patents  and  the  foreign-issued patent encompass our system and method for producing, delivering and managing educational material.

We own copyrights related to the lessons contained in the courses that comprise our proprietary curriculum. We also have obtained federal, state and foreign registrations for numerous trademarks that are related to our offerings and we have applied to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to register certain new trademarks.

We grant licenses to individuals to use our software and access our online learning systems. Similarly, schools are granted licenses to utilize our online learning systems and other systems. These licenses are intended to protect our ownership and the confidentiality of the embedded information and technology contained in our software and systems. We also own many of the trademarks and service marks that we use as part of the student recruitment and branding services we provide to schools. Those marks are licensed to the schools for use during the term of the products and services agreements.

Our employees, contractors and other parties with access to our confidential information sign agreements that prohibit the unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary rights, information and technology.

## Human Capital Resources

As  of  June  30,  2022,  we  had  approximately  7,500  employees,  including  approximately  4,200  teachers. Substantially all of these employees are located in the United States. In addition, there are approximately 3,800 teachers

who are employed by virtual or blended public schools that we manage under contracts with those schools but are not direct employees of Stride. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement; however, certain schools we serve employ unionized teachers. We believe that our employee relations are good.

Our success depends in large part on continued employment of senior management and key personnel who can effectively operate our business, which is necessary in the highly regulated public education sector involving a publicly traded for profit company. We believe a critical component to our success depends on the ability to attract, develop and retain key personnel.

We select and hire based upon our values of making an impact on the lives of our students. In addition to annual goals, and individual job duties, we consider demonstration of our core values-passion, accountability, courage, trust, and inclusiveness-an important factor in performance appraisals.

We support professional development opportunities that reflect our desire to 'hire from within' and to enhance employees'  skillsets  in  ways  that  improve  their  effectiveness  and  sense  of  fulfillment.  We  offer  our  employees  many different professional development opportunities through job related training and a number of benefit programs, including a Tuition Assistance Benefit, discount tuition options with several participating colleges and universities, and discounted options to access K-12 curriculum.

At our Company, we uphold a workplace culture that celebrates diversity and embraces inclusion. We are proud of our diverse workforce and recognize the value diversity brings to our team.

- 44% of our Board is comprised of minorities and 33% are women.
- 73% of our executive leadership team is comprised of minorities and women.
- 82% of our full-time employees are women.
- For direct education-related roles, largely the K-12 teacher population, employee demographics mirror national averages for these positions.

We continue to recognize opportunities to improve our gender equity and minority representation. Various efforts are  underway to create a more diverse workforce that supports our learner community, including robust professional, managerial, and leadership development programs. In addition, we offer customized training for teams, as well as training that focuses on diversity and inclusion topics, including mandatory unconscious bias training for all employees.

## Corporate Information

Our website address is www.stridelearning.com.

## Available Information

We make available, free of charge through the Investors section of our website (www.stridelearning.com), our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'), promptly  after  they  are  electronically  filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  (the  'SEC').  Our  earnings conference  calls  are  web  cast  live  via  the  Investors  section  of  our  website.  Information  contained  on  our  website  is expressly not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report.

## Regulation

We and the virtual and blended public schools that we serve are subject to regulation by and laws of each of the states in which we operate. The state laws and regulations that impact our business are primarily those that authorize or restrict  our  ability  to  operate  these  schools,  the  applicable  funding  mechanisms  for  the  schools  and  the  increasing number of states with their own, unique privacy laws. To the extent these schools receive federal funds, such as through a grant

program or financial support dedicated for the education of low-income families, these schools also become subject to additional federal regulation.

State Laws Authorizing or Restricting Virtual and Blended Public Schools. The authority to operate a virtual or blended public school is dependent on the laws and regulations of each state. Laws and regulations vary significantly from one state to the next and are constantly evolving. In states that have implemented specific legislation to support virtual and blended public schools, the schools are able to operate under these statutes. Other states provide for virtual and blended public schools under existing public charter school legislation or provide that school districts and/or state education  agencies  may  authorize  them.  Some  states  do  not  currently  have  legislation  that  provides  for  virtual  and blended public schools or have requirements that effectively  prohibit  such  schools  and,  as  a  result,  may  require  new legislation before virtual and blended public schools can open in the state.

Obtaining new legislation in the remaining states where we do not have virtual and blended public schools can be a protracted and uncertain process. When determining whether to pursue expansion into new states in which the laws are ambiguous, we research the relevant legislation and policy climate and then make an assessment of the perceived likelihood of success before deciding to commit resources.

State Laws and Regulations Applicable to Virtual and Blended Public Schools. A virtual or blended public school that fails to comply with the state laws and regulations applicable to it may be required to repay these funds and could become ineligible for receipt of future state funds. To be eligible for state funding, some states require that virtual and blended  public  schools  be  organized  as  not-for-profit  charters  exempt  from  taxation  under  Section  501(c)(3)  of  the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The schools must then be organized exclusively for charitable educational purposes, and not for the benefit of private, for-profit management companies. The board or governing authority of the not-for-profit virtual or blended public school must retain ultimate accountability and control for the school's operations to retain  its  tax-exempt  status.  It  may  not  delegate  its  responsibility  and  accountability  for  the  school's  operations.  Our service  agreements  with  these  virtual  and  blended  public  schools  are,  therefore,  structured  to  ensure  the  full independence of the not-for-profit board and preserve its arms-length ability to exercise its fiduciary obligations to operate a virtual or blended public school.

Laws and regulations affect many aspects of operating a virtual or blended public school. They can dictate the content and sequence of the curriculum, the methods for counting student enrollments for funding purposes, graduation requirements, use of approved textbooks, the length of the school year and the school day, the accessibility of curriculum and  technology  to students with disabilities, teacher to student ratios, specific credentialing of  teachers  and administrators,  the  assessment  of  student  performance  and  any  accountability  requirements.  In  addition,  a  virtual  or blended public school may be obligated to comply with states' requirements to offer programs for specific populations, such as students at risk of dropping out of school, advanced and talented students, non-English speaking students, prekindergarten students and students with disabilities. Tutoring services and the use of technology may also be regulated. Other state laws and regulations may affect the school's compulsory attendance requirements, treatment of absences and make-up work, and access by parents to student records and teaching and testing materials.

In addition to federal laws protecting the privacy of student education records, a growing number of states are enacting laws to protect the privacy of student data and to guard against its misuse. As a general matter, these laws are designed to prevent third-party vendors to schools from using student data for non-educational purposes and ensuring the security of personally identifiable information. In addition, virtual or blended public schools may have to comply with state requirements that school campuses report various types of data as performance indicators of the success of the program.

States have laws and regulations concerning the certification, training, experience and continued professional development of teachers and staff with which a virtual or blended public school may be required to comply. There are also numerous  laws  pertaining to employee  salaries and  benefits, statewide teacher retirement systems, workers' compensation, unemployment benefits and matters related to employment agreements and procedures for termination of school employees. State labor laws applicable to public-sector employees and their rights to organize may also apply to virtual  charter  schools,  such  as  teachers  they  employ.  A  virtual  or  blended  public  school  must  also  comply  with requirements for performing criminal background checks on school staff, reporting criminal activity by school staff and reporting suspected child abuse.  States such as California, Nevada and Virginia are also enacting more general laws about personal information that apply regardless of whether the individual is a student.

As  with  any  public  school,  virtual  and  blended  public  schools  must  comply  with  state  laws  and  regulations applicable to governmental entities, such as open meetings or sunshine laws, which may require the board of trustees of a virtual or blended public school to provide advance public notice of and hold its meetings open to the public unless an exception in the law allows an executive session. Failure to comply with these requirements may lead to personal civil and/or criminal penalties for board members or officers or the invalidation of actions taken during meetings that were not properly noticed and open to the public. Virtual and blended public schools must also comply with public information or open records laws, which require them to make school records available for public inspection, review and copying unless a specific exemption in the law applies. Additionally, laws pertaining to records privacy and retention and to standards for maintenance of records apply to virtual and blended public schools.

Other types of regulation applicable to virtual and blended public schools include restrictions on the use of public funds, the types of investments made with public funds, accounting and financial management, and marketing practices.

There remains uncertainty about the extent to which virtual and blended public schools we serve may be required to  comply  with  state  laws  and  regulations  applicable  to  traditional  public  schools  because  the  concept  of  virtual  and blended public schools is still evolving, especially as technology advances. Although we receive state funds indirectly, according to the terms of each service agreement with the local public school entity, our receipt of state funds subjects us to  extensive  state  regulation  and  scrutiny.  States  routinely  conduct  audits  of  these  schools,  to  verify  enrollment, attendance, information technology security, fiscal accountability, special education services and other regulatory issues. While we may believe that a virtual public school or blended school we serve is compliant with state law, an agency's different interpretation of law in a particular state, or the application of facts to such law, could result in findings of noncompliance, potentially affecting future funding or repayment of past funding.

Regulations  Restricting  Virtual  and  Blended  Public  School  Growth  and  Funding. As  a  public  schooling alternative,  some  state  and  regulatory  authorities  have  elected  to  proceed  cautiously  with  virtual  and  blended  public schools.  Statutes  or  regulations  that  hinder  our  ability  to  serve  certain  jurisdictions  include:  restrictions  on  student eligibility,  such  as  mandating  attendance  at  a  traditional  public  school  prior  to  enrolling  in  a  virtual  or  blended  public school; caps on the total number of students in a virtual or blended public school; restrictions on grade levels served; geographic limitations on enrollments; fixing the percentage of per pupil funding that must be paid to teachers; statespecific curriculum requirements; limits on the number of charters that can be granted in a state; and requirements to obtain approval from a student's resident school district.

Funding regulations for virtual public schools and blended schools can take a variety of forms. These regulations include:  (i)  attendance-some  state  daily  attendance  rules  were  designed  for  traditional  classroom  procedures,  and applying them to track daily attendance and truancy in an online setting can cause disputes to arise over interpretation and  funding;  (ii)  enrollment  eligibility-some  states  place  restrictions  on  the  students  seeking  to  enroll  in  virtual  and blended  public  schools,  resulting  in  lower  aggregate  funding  levels;  (iii)  teacher  contact  time-some  states  have regulations that specify minimum levels of teacher-student face-to-face time; and (iv) completion of course work. These regulations can create logistical challenges for statewide virtual and blended public schools, reduce funding and eliminate some of the economic, academic and technological advantages of virtual learning.

Federal and State Grants. We have worked with some entities to secure public and grant funding that flows to virtual and blended public schools that we serve. These grants are awarded to the local or state education agency or to the  not-for-profit  entity  that  holds  the  charter  of  the  virtual  or  blended  public  school  on  a  competitive  basis  in  some instances and on an entitlement basis in other instances. Grants awarded to public schools and programs-whether by a federal  or  state  agency  or  nongovernmental  organization-often  include  reporting  requirements,  procedures  and obligations.

## Federal Laws Applicable to Virtual Public Schools and Blended Schools

Five primary federal laws are directly applicable to the day-to-day provision of educational services we provide to virtual and blended public schools:

Every Student Succeeds  Act  ('ESSA'). The  ESSA,  which  took  effect  on  August  2,  2016  and  requires reauthorization after the 2020-2021 school year, represents a major change in federal education law by shifting much of education policy decision making back to the states and by providing most funding through block grants. Of particular significance to the Company is that the states have the discretion to develop and design their own accountability systems within a broad federal framework. In addition, states have been given the authority to adopt different types of annual

accountability plans for school performance, including proficiency and growth standards for all students and subgroups. The ESSA makes clear that the U.S. Department of  Education  has  a  more  limited  role  to  impose  federal  mandates, direction  or  control  over  the  authority  given  to  the  states.    Notwithstanding  these  federal  limitations,  states  are  still required under ESSA to test students in reading or language arts and math annually in grades 3-8 and once in grades 1012, and in science once in each of the following grade spans: 3-5, 6-9 and 10-12. All states have plans approved by the U.S. Department of Education to demonstrate compliance with ESSA.

Individuals  with  Disabilities  Education  Act  ('IDEA'). The  IDEA  is  implemented  through  regulations  governing every aspect of the special education of a child with one or more specific disabilities that fit within any of the disability categories listed in the Act. The IDEA created a responsibility on the part of a school to identify students who may qualify under  the  IDEA  and  to  perform  periodic  assessments  to  determine  the  students'  needs  for  services.  A  student  who qualifies for services under the IDEA must have in place an individual education plan, which must be updated at least annually, created by a team consisting of school personnel, the student, and the parent. This plan must be implemented in a setting where the child with a disability is educated with non-disabled peers to the maximum extent appropriate. IDEA provides  the  student  and  parents  with  numerous  due  process  rights  relating  to  the  student's  program  and  education, including the right to seek mediation of disputes and make complaints to the state education agency. The schools we manage are responsible for ensuring the requirements of IDEA are met. The virtual public schools and blended schools are required to comply with certain requirements in IDEA concerning teacher certification and training. We, the virtual public school or the blended school could be required to provide additional staff, related services, supplemental aids and services or a private school option at our own cost to comply with the requirement to provide a free appropriate public education  to  each  child  covered  under  the  IDEA.  If  we  fail  to  meet  this  requirement,  we,  the  virtual  public  school  or blended school could lose federal funding and could be liable for compensatory educational services, reimbursement to the parent for educational service the parent provided and payment of the parent's attorney's fees.

The Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disabilities Act. A virtual public school or blended school receiving federal funds is subject to Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 ('Section 504') insofar as the regulations implementing the Act govern the education of students with disabilities as well as personnel and parents. Section 504 prohibits discrimination against a person on the basis of disability in any program receiving federal financial assistance if the  person  is  otherwise  qualified  to  participate  in  or  receive  benefit  from  the  program.  Students  with  disabilities  not specifically listed in the IDEA may be entitled to specialized instruction or related services pursuant to Section 504 if their disability  substantially  limits  a  major  life  activity.  Beginning  in  2011,  the  Office  of  Civil  Rights  of  the  United  States Department  of  Education  interpreted  both  Section  504  and  Title  II  of  the  Americans  with  Disabilities  Act  to  apply  to elementary and secondary schools and to require that students with disabilities be afforded substantially equivalent ease of  use  as  students  without  disabilities.  As  applied  to  online  public  schools,  such  'web  accessibility'  requires  technical capabilities  similar  to  those  applied  to  procurements  of  information  technology  by  the  federal  government  under Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 ('Section 508') or standards adopted by the world-wide web consortium, such  as  Web  Content  Accessibility  Guidelines  ('WCAG')  Level  A  and  Level  AA.  If  a  school  fails  to  comply  with  the requirements  and  the  procedural  safeguards  of  Section  504,  it  may  lose  federal  funds  even  though  these  funds  flow indirectly  to  the  school  through  a  local  board.  In  the  case  of  bad  faith  or  intentional  wrongdoing,  some  courts  have awarded  monetary  damages  to  prevailing  parties  in  Section  504  lawsuits.  Because  there  is  no  federal  rule  setting  a uniform technical standard for determining web accessibility under Section 508 and Title II of the ADA, online service providers have no uniform standard of compliance.  Some states have adopted the standards promulgated under Section 508 while others require WCAG Level A and/or Level AA or their own unique standards.

Family  Educational  Rights  and  Privacy  Act  ('FERPA'). Virtual  public  schools  and  blended  schools  are  also subject to the FERPA which protects the privacy of a student's educational records and generally prohibits a school from disclosing  a  student's  records  to  a  third  party  without  the  parent's  prior  consent.  The  law  also  gives  parents  certain procedural rights with respect to their minor children's education records. A school's failure to comply with this law may result in termination of its eligibility to receive federal education funds.  Schools that contract with vendors that violate FERPA may be prohibited from contracting with the vendor for five years.

Communications Decency Act. The Communications Decency Act of 1996 ('CDA') provides protection for online service providers against legal action being taken against them because of certain actions of others. For example, the CDA states that no provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any data given by another provider of information content. Further, Section 230 of the CDA grants interactive online services of all types, broad immunity from tort liability so long as the information at issue is provided or posted by a third party. As part of our technology services offering, we provide an online school platform on which teachers and students

may communicate. We also conduct live classroom sessions using Internet-based collaboration software and we may offer certain online community platforms for students and parents. While the CDA affords us with some protection from liability  associated  with  the  interactive  online  services  we  offer,  there  are  exceptions  to  the  CDA  that  could  result  in successful actions against us that give rise to financial liability.

Other Federal Laws. Other federal laws also apply to virtual managed schools, in some cases depending on the demographics associated with a school. For example, Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 has been deemed to apply to ELL  Students,  as  further  defined  in  the  joint  guidance  issued  by  the  U.S.  Departments  of  Justice  and  Education  in January 2015. Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 also applies, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of gender in education programs, activities and employment, applies to all schools that receive federal funds. There are also other  federal  laws  and  regulations  that  affect  other  aspects  of  our  business  such  as  the  Children's  Online  Privacy Protection  Act  ('COPPA'),  which  imposes  certain  parental  notice  and  other  requirements  on  us  that  are  directed  to children  under  13  years  of  age  who  access  the  web-based  schools  we  manage.  In  addition,  the  Children's  Internet Protection  Act  requires  that  school  districts  that  receive  certain  types  of  federal  funding  must  ensure  that  they  have technology  which  blocks  or  filters  certain  material  from  being  accessed  through  the  Internet.  We  have  developed procedures by which computers that we ship to students meet this requirement. Many other federal and state laws, such as deceptive trade practices laws, the Lanham Act and others apply to us, just as they do to other businesses.  If we fail to comply with these and other federal laws, we could be determined ineligible to receive funds from federal programs or face penalties.

## Laws  and  Regulations  Applicable  to  Consumer  Education  Products  offered  by  Galvanize,  Tech  Elevator  and MedCerts

State Laws Authorizing or Restricting Private Post-Secondary Schools. The authority to operate a private postsecondary school is dependent on the laws and regulations of each state. Laws and regulations vary significantly from one  state  to  the  next  and  are  constantly  evolving,  with  regulatory  authority  vesting  under  various  state  agencies. Galvanize,  Tech  Elevator  and  MedCerts  each  currently  operate  in  a  multi-jurisdictional  regulatory  environment, maintaining licenses in several states.  In states that have implemented specific legislation to license and oversee private post-secondary schools, Galvanize, Tech Elevator and MedCerts are able to operate under these statutes. State laws and regulations affect many aspects of operating a private post-secondary school, including, but not limited to, requiring the content and sequence of the curriculum, the methodology for counting student enrollments and reporting outcomes, graduation requirements, the duration of the approved program, the accessibility of curriculum and technology to students with  disabilities,  specific  credentialing  of  teachers  and  administrators,  the  assessment  of  student  performance, accountability requirements, and compliance with student record collection and retention requirements.

Other  types  of  state  regulations  applicable  to  private  post-secondary  schools  include,  but  are  not  limited  to, restrictions on the use of scholarships and tuition discounts, student payment policies and the collection of and use of student fees, accounting and financial management, and limitations on marketing and advertising practices.  States also have laws and regulations concerning the certification, training, experience and continued professional development of teachers  and  staff  with  which  private  post-secondary  schools  may  be  required  to  comply.  Additionally,  state  unfair competition  and  consumer  protection  laws  and  regulations  apply  to  Galvanize,  Tech  Elevator  and  MedCerts  in  their dealings with the public, which include limitations on advertising and disclosures, and the structure of financing methods for consumer customers. Lastly, additional regulations and student outcome reporting requirements may affect Galvanize, Tech Elevator and MedCerts should they seek funding related to the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act in any given state.

## Federal Laws Applicable

Each of Galvanize, Tech Elevator and MedCerts does not qualify or receive Title IV funding under the Higher Education Act but is eligible for federal funding through its veteran's education and workforce programs.  As such, each is required  to  comply  with  the  anti-discrimination  provisions  of  Title  VI  of  the  Civil  Rights  Act  of  1964,  Title  IX  of  the Education Amendments of 1972, as amended, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, and all Federal regulations adopted to carry out such laws.  If we fail to comply with these federal laws, we could be determined ineligible to receive funds from federal programs or face penalties.

## ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

## Risk Factors Summary

The following summary description sets forth an overview of the material risks we are exposed to in the normal course  of  our  business  activities.  The  summary  does  not  purport  to  be  complete  and  is  qualified  in  its  entirety  by reference  to  the  full  risk  factor  discussion  immediately  following  this  summary  description.  Our  business,  results  of operations and financial conditions, as well as your investment in our common stock, could be materially and adversely affected by any of the following material risks:

- The  majority  of  our  revenues  come  from  our  school-as-a-service  offering  and  depends  on  per  pupil  funding amounts and payment formulas remaining near levels existing at the time we execute service agreements with the schools we serve;
- The inability to predict how the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business;
- Opponents  of  public  charter  schools  could  prevail  in  challenging  the  establishment  and  expansion  of  such schools through the judicial process;
- Any  failure  to  comply  with  applicable  laws  or  regulations,  the  enactment  of  new  laws  or  regulations,  poor academic performance or misconduct by us or operators of other virtual public schools;
- Disputes over our inability to invoice and receive payments for our services due to ambiguous enabling legislation and interpretive discrepancies by regulatory authorities;
- Any failure to renew an authorizing charter for a virtual or blended public school;
- Actual or alleged misconduct by current or former directors, officers, key employees or officials;
- Changes in the objectives or priorities of the independent governing bodies of the schools we serve;
- Any failure to renew a contract for a school-as-a-service offering, which is subject to periodic renewal;
- Schools we serve or the programs we offer may fail to enroll or re-enroll a significant number of students;
- The enrollment data we present may not fully capture trends in our business performance;
- Our marketing efforts may not be effective;
- The student demographics of the schools we serve can lead to higher costs;
- The ability to meet state accountability testing standards and achieve parent and student satisfaction;
- Compliance with curriculum standards and assessments for individual state determinations under the ESSA;
- Risks due to mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures;
- Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions by activist stockholders;
- Market demand for online options in public schooling may decrease or not continue, or additional states may not authorize or adequately fund virtual or blended public schools;
- Increasing competition in the education industry sectors that we serve;
- The continuous evolution of regulatory frameworks on the accessibility of technology and curriculum;

- Differences between our quarterly estimates and the actual funds received and expenses incurred by the schools we serve;
- Seasonal fluctuations in our business;
- Our ability to create new products, expand distribution channels and pilot innovative educational programs;
- Our ability to recruit, train and retain quality certified teachers;
- Higher operating expenses and loss of management flexibility due to collective bargaining agreements;
- Our reliance on third-party service providers to host some of our solutions;
- Any problems with our Company-wide ERP system;
- Our ability to maintain and enhance our product and service brands;
- Our ability to protect our valuable intellectual property rights, or lawsuits against us alleging the infringement of intellectual property rights of others;
- Any legal liability from the actions of third parties;
- Any failure to maintain and support customer facing services, systems, and platforms;
- Any failure to prevent or mitigate a cybersecurity incident affecting our systems, or any significant interruption in the operation of our data centers;
- Our reliance on the Internet to enroll students and to deliver our products and services to children;
- Failure to comply with data privacy regulations;
- Any failure by the single vendor we use to manage, receive, assemble and ship our learning kits and printed educational materials;
- Scale and capacity limits on some of our technology, transaction processing systems and network hardware and software;
- Our ability to keep pace with changes in our industry and advancements in technology;
- Our ability attract and retain key executives and skilled employees; and
- Our ability to obtain additional capital in the future on acceptable terms.

## Risks Related to Government Funding and Regulation of Public Education

The majority of our revenues come from our comprehensive school-as-a-service offering in both the General Education  and  Career  Learning  markets  and  depends  on  per  pupil  funding  amounts  and  payment  formulas remaining near the levels existing at the time we execute service agreements with the schools we serve. If those funding  levels  or  formulas  are  materially  reduced  or  modified  due  to  economic  conditions  or  political opposition, or new restrictions are adopted or payments delayed, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.

The public schools we contract with are financed with government funding from federal, state and local taxpayers. Our business is primarily dependent upon those funds with a majority of our revenue coming from our comprehensive

school-as-a-service  offerings  in  both  the  General  Education  and  Career  Learning  markets.  Budget  appropriations  for education at all levels of government are determined through a legislative process that may be affected by negative views of for-profit education companies, recessionary conditions in the economy at large, or significant declines in public school funding. The results of federal and state elections can also result in shifts in education policy and the amount of funding available for various education programs.

The political process and potential variability in general economic conditions, including due to the ongoing COVID19 pandemic, rising inflation and geo-political instability, create a number of risks that could have an adverse effect on our business including the following:

- Legislative proposals can and have resulted in budget or program cuts for public education, including the virtual  and  blended  public  schools  and  school  districts  we  serve,  and  therefore  have  reduced  and  could potentially limit or eliminate the products and services those schools purchase from us, causing our revenues to decline. From time to time, proposals are introduced in state legislatures that single out virtual and blended public schools for disparate treatment.
- Economic conditions, including current and future business disruptions and debt and equity market volatility caused by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, rising inflation and geo-political instability, could reduce state education funding for all public schools or cause a delay in the payment of government funding to schools and school districts or a delay in payments to us for our products or services, the effects of which could be disproportionate for the schools we serve. Our annual revenue growth is impacted by changes in federal, state and district per pupil funding levels. For example, due to the budgetary problems arising from the 2008 recession, many states reduced per pupil funding for public education affecting many of the public schools we  serve,  including  even  abrupt  midyear  cuts  in  certain  states,  which  in  some  cases  were  retroactively applied  to  the  start  of  the  school  year  as  a  result  of  formulaic  adjustments.  In  addition,  as  we  enter  into service  and  product  agreements  with  multiple  schools  in  a  single  state,  the  aggregate  impact  of  funding reductions applicable to those schools could be material. For example, we have agreements with 13 schools in California and while each school is independent with its own governing authority and no single school in California accounts for more than 10% of our revenue, regulatory actions that affect the level or timing of payments for all similarly  situated  schools  in  that  state  could  adversely  affect  our  financial  condition.  The specific level of federal, state and local funding for the coming years is not yet known for specific states and, when  taken  as  a  whole,  it  is  reasonable  to  believe  that  a  number  of  the  public  schools  we  serve  could experience lower per pupil enrollment funding, while others may increase funding, as economic conditions or political conditions change.
- As a public company, we are required to file periodic financial and other disclosure reports with the SEC. This information may be referenced in the legislative process, including budgetary considerations, related to the funding  of  alternative  public  school  options,  including  virtual  public  schools  and  blended  schools.  The disclosure of this information by a for-profit education company, regardless of parent satisfaction and student performance,  may  nonetheless  be  used  by  opponents  of  virtual  and  blended  public  schools  to  propose funding reductions or restrictions.
- From  time  to  time,  government  funding  to  schools  and  school  districts  is  not  provided  when  due,  which sometimes  causes  the  affected  schools  to  delay  payments  to  us  for  our  products  and  services.  These payment delays have occurred in the past and can deprive us of significant working capital until the matter is resolved, which could hinder our ability to implement our growth strategies and conduct our business. For example, in fiscal year 2016, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania was unable to approve a budget, including funding for public school education, and thus the Agora Cyber Charter School received no funds and could not  make  timely  contractual  payments  to  the  Company  for  our  products  and  services,  even  though  we continued to incur the costs to keep the school operating.

We cannot predict with any certainty whether and to what degree the disruption caused by the ongoing COVID19  pandemic  and  reactions  thereto  will  continue  and  how  our  business  and  results  of  operations  will  be impacted in the future.

While we initially observed increasing demand from prospective students in the earlier part of the COVID-19 pandemic, we cannot estimate the specific impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on future demand trends, and

there is no assurance that we will continue to experience current demand levels as the COVID-19 pandemic tapers. As a result, we expect to face difficulties in accurately forecasting financial results.

## Failure to comply with regulatory requirements, poor academic performance, or misconduct by us or operators of  other  virtual  public  schools  could  tarnish  the  reputation  of  all  the  school  operators  in  our  industry,  which could have a negative impact on our business or lead to punitive legislation.

As a non-traditional form of public education, online public school operators will be subject to scrutiny, perhaps even greater than that applied to traditional brick and mortar public schools or public charter schools. Not all virtual public schools will have successful academic programs or operate efficiently, and new entrants may not perform well either. Such underperformance could create the impression that virtual schooling is not an effective way to educate students, whether or not our learning systems achieve satisfactory performance. Consistently poor academic performance, or the perception  of  poor  performance,  could  also  lead  to  closure  of  an  online  public  school  or  termination  of  an  approved provider  status  in  some  jurisdictions,  or  to  passage  of  legislation  empowering  the  state  to  restructure  or  close  lowperforming schools. For example, a 2016 Nevada law expanded a charter authorizer's ability to terminate a charter based upon academic performance or to reconstitute a school's governing board, and a 2013 Tennessee law included academic performance criteria applicable only to virtual schools.

Beyond  academic  performance  issues,  some  virtual  school  operators,  including  us,  have  been  subject  to governmental  investigations  alleging,  among  other  things,  false  attendance  reporting,  the  misuse  of  public  funds  or failures  in  regulatory  compliance.  These  allegations  have  attracted  significant  adverse  media  coverage  and  have prompted  legislative  hearings  and  regulatory  responses.    Investigations  have  focused  on  specific  companies  and individuals, or even entire industries, such as the industry-wide investigation of for-profit virtual schools initiated by the Attorney General of California in 2015. The precise impact of these governmental investigations on our current and future business is difficult to discern, in part because of the number of states in which we operate and the range of purported malfeasance or performance issues involved. If these situations, or any additional alleged misconduct, cause all virtual public schools to be viewed by the public and/or policymakers unfavorably, we may find it difficult to expand into new states or renew our contracts with our clients.

## Opponents of public charter schools, including virtual and blended, have sought to challenge the establishment and  expansion  of  such  schools  through  the  judicial  process.  If  these  interests  prevail,  it  could  damage  our ability to sustain or grow our current business or expand in certain jurisdictions.

We have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to public policy lawsuits by those who do not share our belief  in  the  value  of  this  form  of  public  education  or  the  involvement  of  for-profit  education  management  companies. Whether  we  are  a  named  party  to  these  lawsuits,  legal  claims  have  involved  challenges  to  the  constitutionality  of authorizing statutes, methods of instructional delivery, funding provisions and the respective roles of parents and teachers that  can  potentially  affect  us.  For  example,  the  Louisiana  Association  of  Educators,  an  affiliate  of  a  national  teachers union, sought to terminate funding on state constitutional grounds to certain types of charter schools through the judicial process  (including  to  a  public  school  we  serve),  and  while  the  teachers  union  was  initially  successful,  the  Louisiana Supreme Court reversed  that  decision  in  March  2018. See Iberville  Parish  School  Board  v.  Louisiana  State  Board  of Elementary and Secondary Education .

## Should we fail to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our business, such failures could result in a loss of public funding and an obligation to repay funds previously received, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Once authorized by law, virtual and blended public schools are generally subject to extensive regulation, as are the school districts we serve. These regulations cover specific program standards and financial requirements including, but not limited to: (i) student eligibility standards; (ii) numeric and geographic limitations or caps on enrollments; (iii) statespecific  curriculum  requirements  and  standards;  (iv)  restrictions  on  open-enrollment  policies  by  and  among  districts; (v) prescribed teacher-to-student ratios and teacher funding allocations from per pupil funding; (vi) teacher certification and reporting requirements; and (vii) virtual school attendance reporting. State and federal funding authorities conduct regular program and financial audits of the public schools we serve to ensure compliance with applicable regulations. If a final determination of non-compliance is made, funds may be withheld, which could impair that school's ability to pay us for services in a timely manner, or the school could be required to repay funds received during the period

of non-compliance. Additionally, the indemnity provisions in our standard service agreements, with virtual and blended public schools and school districts, may require us to return any contested funds on behalf of the school.

## As an emerging form of public education with unique attributes, enabling legislation for online public schools is often  ambiguous  and  subject  to  discrepancies  in  interpretation  by  regulatory  authorities,  which  may  lead  to disputes over our ability to invoice and receive payments for services rendered.

Statutory  language  providing  for  virtual  and  blended  public  schools  is  sometimes  interpreted  by  regulatory authorities in ways that may vary from year to year making compliance subject to uncertainty. More issues normally arise during our first few school years of doing business in a state because such state's enabling legislation often does not address specific issues, such as what constitutes proper documentation for enrollment eligibility or attendance reporting in  a  virtual  or  blended  school.  From  time  to  time  there  are  changes  to  the  regulators'  approaches  to  determining  the eligibility of students for funding purposes. Another issue may be differing interpretations on what constitutes a student's substantial completion of a semester in a public school or daily attendance requirements. These regulatory uncertainties may lead to disputes over our ability to invoice and receive payments for services rendered, or to disputes with auditors of public schools, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, in October 2017, the California Department of Education commenced an audit covering, among other things, the average daily attendance records and associated funding provided to the California Virtual Academies ('CAVAs'), dependent on the proper method of counting the time-value and daily engagement of students enrolled in independent study programs provided by non-classroom based charter schools and the regulations applicable to such programs and schools.

## The  operation  of  virtual  and  blended  public  charter  schools  depends  on  the  maintenance  of  the  authorizing charter and compliance with applicable laws. If these charters are not renewed, our contracts with these schools would be terminated.

In  many cases, virtual and blended public schools operate under a charter that is granted by a state or local authorizer to the charter holder, such as a community group or an established not-for-profit corporation, which typically is required by state law to qualify for student funding. In fiscal year 2022, a majority of our revenue was derived from our comprehensive school-as-a-service offerings in both the General Education and Career Learning markets, the majority of which were virtual and blended public schools operating under a charter. The service and products agreements for these schools are with the charter holder or the charter board. Non-profit public charter schools qualifying for exemption from federal  taxation  under  Internal  Revenue  Code  Section  501(c)(3)  as  charitable  organizations  must  also  operate  on  an arms-length basis in accordance with Internal Revenue Service rules and policies to maintain that status and their funding eligibility.  In  addition,  many  state  public  charter  school  statutes  require  periodic  reauthorization.  If  a  virtual  or  blended public school we support fails to maintain its tax-exempt status and funding eligibility, fails to renew its charter, or if its charter is revoked for non-performance or other reasons that may be due to actions of the independent charter board completely outside of our control, our contract with that school would be terminated. For example, in fiscal year 2018, the Buckeye Community Hope Foundation terminated the charter of Insight School of Ohio.

## Actual or alleged misconduct by current or former directors, officers, key employees or officials could make it more difficult for us to enter into new contracts or renew existing contracts.

If  we or any of our current or former directors, officers, key employees, or officials are accused or found to be guilty  of  serious  crimes  or  civil  violations,  including  the  mismanagement  or  improper  accounting  of  public  funds,  or violations  of  the  federal  securities  laws,  the  schools  we  serve  could  be  barred  or  discouraged  from  entering  into  or renewing service agreements with us. As a result, our business and revenues would be adversely affected.

## New laws or regulations not currently applicable to for-profit education companies in the K-12 sector could be enacted and negatively impact our operations and financial results.

As the provision of online K-12 public education matures, policy or business practice issues may arise that could lead  to  the  enactment  of  new  laws  or  regulations  similar  to,  or  in  addition  to,  laws  or  regulations  applicable  to  other education industry sectors. For example, for-profit education companies that own and operate post-secondary colleges and programs depend in significant part on student loans provided by the federal government to cover tuition expenses and income sharing agreements, and federal laws prohibit incentive compensation for success in securing enrollments or financial aid to any person engaged in student recruiting or admission activities. In contrast, while students in virtual or blended public K-12 schools are entitled to a public education with no federal or state loans necessary for tuition, laws

could be enacted that make for-profit management companies serving such schools subject to similar recruitment or other restrictions. In keeping with good business practices, we do not award or permit incentive compensation to be paid to our public  school  program  enrollment  staff  or  contractors  based  on  the  number  of  students  enrolled.  New  laws  that specifically target for-profit education companies or education management organizations from operating public charter schools could also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation.

## Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry

## The  schools  we  contract  with  and  serve  are  governed  by  independent  governing  bodies  that  may  shift  their priorities  or  change  objectives  in  ways  that  are  adverse  to  us  and  to  the  students  who  attend  the  school programs we administer, or they may react negatively to acquisitions or other transactions.

We contract  with  and  provide  a  majority  of  our  products  and  services  to  virtual  and  blended  public  schools governed by independent boards or similar governing bodies. While we typically share a common objective at the outset of our business relationship, over time our interests could diverge resulting in changes adverse to our business or the students enrolled in those schools. The governing boards of the schools we serve in which we hire the Principal or Head of School ('HoS') may seek to employ their own HoS as a condition for contract renewal. This decision may potentially reduce the value of the programs they purchase from us by structurally separating the HoS from regular involvement with our virtual school management experts, employee-based professional development programs, and internal understanding of  the  proprietary  curriculum  and  innovations  we  develop  to  improve  academic  performance.  As  these  independent boards shift  their  priorities  or  change  objectives,  reduce  or  modify  the  scope  of  services  and  products  we  provide,  or terminate  their  relationships  with  us,  our  ability  to  generate  revenues  consistently  over  time  or  to  improve  academic outcomes would be adversely affected.

## Our contracts for a school-as-a-service offering are subject to periodic renewal, and each year, some of these agreements are set to expire. If we are unable to renew several such contracts or if a single significant contract expires  during  a  given  year,  our  business,  financial  condition,  results  of  operations  and  cash  flow  could  be adversely affected.

In fiscal year 2022, we had contracts for our school-as-a-service offerings for 80 schools in 30 states and the District of Columbia. A portion of these contracts are scheduled to expire in any given year and may not be renewed or may be renewed on terms much less favorable to us. Most of these contracts include auto renewal provisions having significant advance notice deadlines.  The advance notice provisions are intended to allow sufficient time to engage in renewal negotiations before and during the final year of these contracts. A renewed contract could involve a restructuring of our services and management arrangements that could lower our revenue or even change how revenue and expenses are  recognized.  When  the  customer  prefers  the  existing  contract  terms  to  be  extended,  it  can  elect  to  disregard  the advance notice provision and have the contract automatically renew. If we are unable to renew contracts or if contract renewals  have  significantly  less  favorable  terms  or  unbundle  previously  provided  services,  our  business,  financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could be adversely affected.

## If the schools we serve fail to enroll or re-enroll a sufficient number of students, or we fail to enroll a significant number of students in the Career Learning programs for adult learners, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected.

A majority of our revenues are a direct function of how many students are enrolled in our school-as-a-service offerings, the number of school districts and students who subscribe to such district programs, and the enrollments in our three international and private schools.

Because families have alternative choices both within and outside the public school system for educating their children,  it  is  typical  during  each  school  year  that  some  students  withdraw  from  schools  using  our  online  education services  and  switch  to  their  traditional  local  public  schools,  other  charter  school  alternatives  or  private  schools.  While many  of  our  school-as-a-service  offerings  also  accept  new  student  enrollment  throughout  the  year  where  permitted, generally our average student enrollment declines as the school year progresses such that we serve on average fewer students  at  the  end  of  any  given  school  year  than  at  the  beginning  of  the  year.  If  our  school-as-a-service  offerings experience higher withdrawal rates during the year and/or enroll fewer new students as the year progresses than we have experienced in the past, our revenues, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected.

Similarly,  at  the  start  of  each  new  school  year,  students  who  had  remained  enrolled  through  the  end  of  the previous year may have graduated from the terminal grade in a school or have left our school-as-a-service offerings for any number of reasons. To the extent our school-as-a-service offerings do not retain previously enrolled students from the prior year, they must attract new students at the start of the year to sustain their average student enrollment year over year,  as  well  as  to  grow  their  enrollment  each  year,  based  upon  enrollment  objectives  determined  by  the  governing authority of those schools. If the schools we serve in the aggregate are able only to sustain prior year enrollment levels, our revenues may not grow from the prior year, absent improved revenue capture or the addition of new schools. More fundamentally, if average student enrollment at the schools we serve declines from one year to the next, our revenues, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected.

We also contract with virtual public schools and school districts to provide marketing and enrollment services, and we provide similar services directly to our international and private schools. However, many of these customers are responsible for their own marketing and enrollment activities. Efforts on our part to sustain or increase enrollments in the face of higher student withdrawals or fewer returning students at the start of a school year may lead to higher costs for us, and may adversely affect our operating margin. If we or the virtual public schools and school districts are unsuccessful in marketing plans or enrollment processes for the schools, the average student enrollment at the schools may not grow or could even decline, and adversely affect our revenues, results of operations and financial condition.

We also derive revenues from our Galvanize, Tech Elevator and MedCerts offerings to adult learners. The vast majority of the enrollments in these programs are for shorter periods of time, and re-enrollments are not typical due to the nature  of  these  offerings.  Thus,  we  must  continually  attract  and  enroll  new  adult  learners  in  order  to  maintain  our revenues at current levels or grow our revenues.  Efforts on our part to sustain or increase enrollments in the face of lower enrollments compared to prior periods may lead to higher costs for us, and may adversely affect our operating margin.  If  we  are  unsuccessful  in  marketing  plans  or  enrollment  processes  for  these  programs  for  adult  learners,  the average enrollment in our Galvanize, Tech Elevator or MedCerts offerings may not grow or could even decline, which could adversely affect our revenues, results of operations and financial condition.

## The  enrollment  data  we  present  is  subject  to  certain  limitations  and  may  not  fully  capture  trends  in  the performance of our business.

We periodically  disclose  enrollment  data  for  students  in  our  General  Education  and  Career  Learning  lines  of revenue. However, this data may not fully capture trends in the performance of our business for a number of reasons, including:

- Enrollments  for  General  Education  and  Career  Learning  only  include  those  students  in  full  service  public  or private  programs  where  Stride  provides  a  combination  of  curriculum,  technology,  instructional  and  support services inclusive of administrative support;
- This data includes enrollments for which Stride receives no public funding or revenue;
- No enrollments are included in Career Learning for Galvanize, Tech Elevator or MedCerts; and
- Over time a student may move from being counted as a General Education enrollment to being counted as a Career Learning enrollment, or vice versa, depending on the educational choices made by each student, which choices  in  certain  cases  may  be  impacted  by  counseling  from  Stride  employees,  and  this  may  result  in enrollment growth in one line of revenue being offset by a corresponding decrease in enrollments for the other line of revenue.

Accordingly, changes in enrollment data may not entirely correspond with changes in the financial performance of our business, and if the mix of enrollments changes, our revenues will be impacted to the extent the average revenues per enrollments are significantly different.

Because the independent governing authorities of our customers may shift priorities or incur new obligations which have financial consequences, we may be exposed to the risk of loss resulting from the nonpayment or nonperformance  by  our  customers  and  our  financial  condition,  results  of  operations  and  cash  flows  could suffer.

If our customers were to cause or be subjected to situations that lead to a weakened financial condition, dispute our invoices, withhold payments, or file for bankruptcy, we could experience difficulty and prolonged delays in collecting

receivables, if at all. Any nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition,  results  of  operations  and  cash  flows.  For  example,  in  fiscal  year  2017,  as  the  Agora  Cyber  Charter  School continued to operate as a self-managed charter school, it delayed its payments to us and our accounts receivable from the school have grown significantly, resulting in a revised payment schedule agreement, which accompanied a contract extension.

## As we continue to refine our marketing efforts, and support the enrollment activities for our school-as-a-service offerings and adult learning programs, changes in our marketing efforts and enrollment activities could lead to a decline in overall enrollment at the schools we serve or at the adult learning programs we offer.

As parents evaluate school choices for their children, we are segmenting our marketing efforts to better attract students who are most likely to benefit from and succeed in virtual education programs and who are likely to remain enrolled with a virtual school over several years. Our research leads us to believe that students with parents who are active and regularly engaged in their education are more likely to be successful in a virtual school. In some cases, the governing  authorities  of  these  schools  may  request  different  enrollment  policies  or  criteria.  Our  marketing  efforts, therefore, may not be wholly successful, and could lead to an overall decline in enrollment for our school-as-a-service, thus adversely affecting our revenue, results of operations and financial condition.

Additionally,  for  our  Galvanize,  Tech  Elevator  and  MedCerts  offerings  to  adult  learners,  we  are  focusing  our marketing and enrollment efforts to identify and attract adult learners in the software engineering, healthcare and medical fields, as well as providing staffing and talent development services to employers and government agencies. However, our marketing efforts may not be successful. As a result, our overall enrollment in these adult learning programs may decline, and our revenue, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.

## The student demographics of the schools we serve can lead to higher costs and affect our ability to sustain or grow our operating income.

The schools we serve are publicly funded and are generally obligated to accept all students meeting state or district  criteria  for  enrollment.  Because an online education environment may offer a better educational opportunity for students  falling  behind  grade  level,  our  school-as-a-service  offerings  have  experienced  in  recent  years  a  higher academically at-risk student population, requiring supplemental student and family support services and closer one-onone  involvement  by  teachers  and  school  personnel,  leading  to  higher  costs  to  us  in  providing  full  management  and curriculum services to the schools. We consider students academically at-risk if they were not proficient on the previous year's  state  assessment,  are  credit-deficient,  have  previously  dropped  out,  have  failed  courses,  or  score  lower  than average on diagnostic norm-referenced assessments. Some states have additional or different indicators to determine students who are at risk. These factors are used by the state to identify at-risk students in several states and have been found through research to impact future student performance. The schools we serve also enroll a significant percentage of  special  needs  students  with  learning  and/or  physical  disabilities,  which  also  adds  to  the  total  costs  incurred  by  the schools.

Education  of  high  school  students  is  generally  more  costly  than  K-8  as  more  teachers  with  subject  matter expertise (e.g., chemistry, calculus) must be hired to support an expansive curriculum, electives, and counseling services. As the relative percentage of high school students increases as part of the total average enrollment in our school-as-aservice offerings, our costs are likely to increase.

As our cost structure evolves due to the demographics, educational profile and mix of the students enrolled in our school-as-a-service  offerings,  our  profit  margins  may  decline,  and  we  may  have  increasing  difficulty  in  sustaining  or growing our operating income commensurate with our revenues.

If student performance falls, state accountability standards are not achieved, teachers or administrators tamper with  state  test  scoring  or  graduation  standards,  or  parent  and  student  satisfaction  declines,  a  significant number of students may not remain enrolled in a virtual or blended public school that we serve, charters may not  be  renewed  or  enrollment  caps  could  be  put  in  place,  or  enrollment  practices  could  be  limited,  and  our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected.

The success of our business depends in part on the choice of a family to have their child begin or continue his or her  education  in  a  virtual  or  blended  public  school  that  we  serve.  This  decision  is  based  on  many  factors,  including student performance and parent and student satisfaction. Students may perform significantly below state averages or the virtual or

blended  public  school  may  fail  to  meet  state  accountability  standards.  Like  many  traditional  brick  and  mortar  public schools, not all of the public schools we serve meet the requirements of their applicable accountability frameworks, as large numbers of new enrollments from students underperforming in traditional schools can decrease overall results or the underperformance of any one subgroup can lead to the entire school failing to meet accountability expectations and potentially  lead  to  the  school's  closure.  For  example,  in  Tennessee,  the  Commissioner  of  Education  has  statutory authority  to  close  a  virtual  school  if  an  accountability  trigger  is  met.  In  addition,  although  serving  academically  at-risk students is an important aspect of our obligation to educate any child regardless of circumstance, the performance of these students can adversely affect a school's standing under applicable accountability standards. We expect that, as our enrollments increase and the portion of students that have not used our learning systems for multiple years increases, the average performance of all  students  using  our  learning  systems  may  decrease,  even  if  the  individual  performance  of other students improves over time. This effect may also be exacerbated if students enrolled in schools that we provide services  to  or  acquire  are  predominately  below  state  proficiency  standards  or  experience  low  graduation  rates.  For example,  at-risk  students  who  attended  the  Electronic  Classroom  of  Tomorrow  (ECOT)  schools  in  Ohio,  which  were closed in mid-school year 2017-18 by state regulators, and who then transferred to other public schools, including the Ohio  Virtual  Academy  supported  by  us,  could  negatively  impact  a  receiving  school's  overall  academic  performance ratings  absent  a  different  accountability  measure  applicable  to  such  students  or  waiver  of  such  standards.  Moreover, under ESSA, state authorities may change their accountability frameworks in ways that negatively impact the schools we serve.

Students in the school-as-a-service offerings we serve are required to complete standardized state testing, and the frequency and the results of this testing may have an impact on school enrollment. The significant increase of testing undertaken at the state level has led some parents to opt out of state assessments, a parental right which is now codified in  the  ESSA,  thereby  resulting  in  an  incomplete  and  potentially  inaccurate  assessment  of  school  and  student performance.  To  avoid  the  consequences  of  failing  to  meet  applicable  required  proficiency,  growth  or  accountability standards,  teachers  or  school  administrators  may  engage  in  improperly  altering  student  test  scores  or  graduation standards,  especially  if  teacher  performance  and  compensation  are  evaluated  on  these  results.  Finally,  parent  and student  satisfaction  may  decline  as  not  all  parents  and  students  are  able  to  devote  the  substantial  time  and  effort necessary to complete our curriculum. A student's satisfaction may also suffer if his or her relationship with the virtual or blended public school teacher does not meet expectations. If student performance or satisfaction declines, students may decide not to remain enrolled in a virtual or blended public school that we serve and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

## Compliance  with  curriculum  standards  and  assessments  for  individual  state  determinations  under  the  ESSA may create  ongoing  challenges  to  ensure  that  our  curriculum  products  align  with  state  requirements,  which could possibly cause academic performance to decline and dissatisfaction by our school customers which could limit our growth and profitability.

Under the ESSA, states will set their own curriculum standards in reading, math and science, and the federal government  is  prohibited  from  mandating  or  incentivizing  states  to  adopt  any  set  of  particular  standards,  such  as Common Core. States were also given the authority under the ESSA to craft their own assessment programs to measure the  proficiency  of  their  students  for  college  and  career  readiness,  and  may  also  choose  to  offer  already  available nationally recognized assessments at the high school level, such as the SAT or ACT tests. As implementation proceeds at the state level, and use of the assessments previously developed by the Partnership for Assessment of Readiness for College and Careers and Smarter Balanced Assessment Consortium consortia continues to erode, a multitude of different standards and assessments may emerge and result in temporary misalignments of our curriculum offerings with state standards,  cause  academic  performance  to  decline,  create  a  need  for  additional  teacher  training  and  product investments, all of which could adversely affect our relationship with public school contracting with us for a school-as-aservice offering and school district customers, financial condition, contract renewals and reputation.

## Mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that formed the basis for the transaction.

When strategic opportunities arise to expand our business, we may acquire or invest in other companies using cash, stock, debt, asset contributions or any combination thereof, such as the acquisitions of Galvanize in January 2020, Tech Elevator in November 2020 and MedCerts in November 2020. We may face risks in connection with these or other future  transactions,  including  the  possibility  that  we  may  not  realize  the  anticipated  cost  and  revenue  synergies  on  a timely basis, or at all, or further the strategic purpose of any acquisition if our forecasts do not materialize. The pursuit of acquisitions and their integrations may divert the resources that could otherwise be used to support and grow our existing

lines  of  business.  The  combination  of  two  or  more  independent  enterprises  is  a  complex,  costly  and  time-consuming process.  Acquisitions may create multiple and overlapping product lines that are offered, priced and supported differently, which could cause customer confusion and delays in service. We may have difficulties coordinating sales and marketing efforts to effectively position the combined company's capabilities. Customers may decline to renew their contracts, or the contracts of acquired businesses might not allow us to recognize revenues on the same basis. These transactions and their integrations may also divert our management's attention, and our ongoing business may be disrupted by acquisition, transition or integration activities. In addition, we may have difficulty separating, transitioning and integrating an acquired company's  systems,  including  but  not  limited  to,  financial  accounting  systems,  information  technology  systems, transaction processing systems, internal controls and standards, and procedures and policies, and the associated costs in doing so may be higher than we anticipate.

There may also be other adverse effects on our business, operating results or financial condition associated with the expansion of our business through acquisitions. We may fail to identify or assess the magnitude of certain liabilities, shortcomings  or  other  circumstances  prior  to  acquiring  a  company  or  technology,  which  could  result  in  unexpected operating expenses, unexpected accounting treatment, unexpected increases in taxes due or a loss of anticipated tax benefits. The acquired companies may not be able to achieve the levels of revenue, earnings or operating efficiency that we expect. Our use of cash to pay for acquisitions may limit other potential uses of our cash, including investment in other areas of our business, stock repurchases, dividend payments and retirement of outstanding indebtedness. If we issue a significant  amount  of  equity  for  future  acquisitions,  existing  stockholders  may  be  diluted  and  earnings  per  share  may decrease. We may pay more than the acquired company or assets are ultimately worth and we may have underestimated our costs in continuing the support and development of an acquired company's offerings. Our operating results may be adversely  impacted  by  liabilities  resulting  from  a  stock  or  asset  acquisition,  which  may  be  costly,  disruptive  to  our business, or lead to litigation.

We may be unable to obtain required approvals from governmental authorities on a timely basis, if at all, which could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected  financial  or  strategic  goals  of  an  acquisition  or  have  other  adverse  effects  on  our  current  business  and operations. We may face contingencies related to intellectual property, financial disclosures, and accounting practices or internal controls. Finally, we may not be able to retain key executives of an acquired company.

To execute our business plans, we depend upon the experience and industry knowledge of our officers and other key employees, including those who joined us as part of the Galvanize, Tech Elevator, and MedCerts acquisitions. The combined company's success will depend, in part, upon our ability to retain key management personnel and other key employees, some of which may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company as a result of the acquisition. This may have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract and retain key personnel.

The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, particularly in the case of a larger acquisition or several concurrent acquisitions.

## Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions by activist stockholders, and such activism could  impact  the  trading  value  of  our  securities  and  harm  our  business,  financial  condition  and  results  of operations.

Responding to actions by activist stockholders can be costly and time consuming, disrupting our operations and diverting the attention of management and our employees. If activist stockholders were to emerge, their activities could interfere with our ability to execute our strategic plan and divert resources from our business. In addition, a proxy contest for the election of directors at our annual meeting would require us to incur significant legal fees and proxy solicitation expenses  and  require  significant  time  and  attention  of  management  and  our  Board  of  Directors.  Any  perceived uncertainties  as  to  our  future  direction  also  could  affect  the  market  price  and  volatility  of  our  securities,  cause  key executives to leave the Company, adversely affect the relationships we have with our school board customers, and harm existing and new business prospects.

## If market demand for online options in public schooling does not increase or continue or if additional states do not authorize or adequately fund virtual or blended public schools, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

While historically we grew by opening new virtual public schools in new states, in recent years the pace of state expansion has declined while opening more schools in existing states has increased. In fiscal year 2022, we served 80

virtual public schools and blended schools in 30 states and the District of Columbia. Without adding additional states, our school-as-a-service revenues may become increasingly dependent on serving more virtual schools in existing states. We may also not be able to fill available enrollment slots as forecasted. If the market demand for virtual and blended public schools does not increase or declines, if the remaining states are hesitant to authorize virtual or blended public schools, if enrollment caps are not removed or raised, or if the funding of such schools is inadequate, our opportunities for growth and our ability to sustain our revenues, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected.

## Increasing competition in the education industry sectors that we serve could lead to pricing pressures, reduced operating margins, loss of market share, departure of key employees and increased capital expenditures.

As a general matter, we face varying degrees of competition from a variety of education providers because our learning  systems  integrate  all  the  elements  of  the  education  development  and  delivery  process,  including  curriculum development, textbook publishing, teacher training and support, lesson planning, testing and assessment, job placement and industry-certified content, and school performance and compliance management. In both our General Education and Career  Learning  markets,  we  compete  with  companies  that  provide  online  curriculum  and  support  services.  We  also compete with public school districts and state departments of education that offer K-12 online programs of their own or in partnership with other online curriculum vendors. As we pursue our post-secondary Career Learning strategic initiatives through  our  Galvanize,  Tech  Elevator  and  MedCerts  subsidiaries,  we  will  be  competing  with  corporate  training businesses and some employers that offer education as an employee benefit. We anticipate intensifying competition both from  existing  competitors  and  new  entrants.  Our  competitors  may  adopt  superior  curriculum  content,  technology  and learning platforms, school support or marketing approaches, and may have different pricing and service packages that may have greater appeal than our offerings. In addition, some of our school-as-a-service offerings could seek to transition to  a  self-managed  school  by  inviting  competitive  alternatives  to  portions  of  the  products  and  services  now  provided entirely by us under our integrated fully managed service agreements. If we are unable to successfully compete for new business, win and renew contracts, including fully managed public school contracts, or students fail to realize sufficient gains  in  academic  performance,  our  revenues,  opportunities  for  growth  and  operating  margins  may  decline.  Price competition from our current and future competitors could also result in reduced revenues, reduced margins or the failure of our product and service offerings to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance.

We may also face competition from publishers of traditional educational materials that are substantially larger than we are and have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources, and may enter the field through acquisitions and mergers. Many of these traditional publishers, or new market entrants, have developed their own online curriculum products and teaching materials that compete directly with our post-secondary Career Learning products. As a result, they may be able to devote more resources and move quickly to develop products and services that are superior to our platform and technologies. We may not have the resources necessary to acquire or compete with technologies being developed by our competitors, which may render our online delivery format less competitive or obsolete. These new and well-funded  entrants  may  also  seek  to  attract  our  key  executives  as  employees  based  on  their  acquired  expertise  in virtual education where such specialized skills are not widely available.

Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to maintain a competitive position with our curriculum and  our  technology,  as  well  as  our  ability  to  increase  capital  expenditures  to  sustain  the  competitive  position  of  our product  and  retain  our  talent  base.  We  cannot  assure  that  we  will  have  the  financial  resources,  technical  expertise, marketing, distribution or support capabilities to compete effectively.

## Regulatory  frameworks  on  the  accessibility  of  technology  and  curriculum  are  continually  evolving  due  to legislative  and  administrative  developments  and  the  rapid  evolution  of  technology,  which  could  result  in increased product development costs and compliance risks.

Our  online  curriculum  is  made  available  to  students  through  websites,  computers  and  other  display  devices connected to the Internet. The website platforms and online curriculum include a combination of software applications that  include  graphics,  pictures,  videos,  animations,  sounds  and  interactive  content  that  may  present  challenges  to individuals  with  disabilities.  A  number  of  states  and  federal  authorities  have  considered  or  are  considering  how  webbased information should be made accessible to persons with such disabilities. To the extent they enact or interpret laws and regulations to require greater accessibility than we currently provide, we may have to modify our offerings to satisfy those  requirements.  Because  there  is  no  federal  rule  setting  a  uniform  technical  standard  for  determining  web accessibility under Section 508 and Title II of the ADA, online service providers have no uniform  standard of compliance. Some states have adopted the standards promulgated under Section 508 while others require WCAG Level A and/or Level AA or their own

unique  standards.  In  addition,  Section  504  of  the  Rehabilitation  Act  of  1973  is  designed  to  ensure  that  students  with disabilities have an equal opportunity to access each school's website and online learning environment. To the extent that  we  enter  into  federal  government  contracts,  different  standards  of  compliance  could  be  imposed  on  us  under Section  508  of  the  Rehabilitation  Act,  or  by  states  who  apply  these  federal  standards  under  Section  508  or  other standards to education providers, which standards may be changed from time to time.  Beyond the significant product development costs associated with these evolving regulations, a failure to meet such requirements could also result in loss or termination of material contracts, inability to secure new contracts, or in potential legal liability.

Our revenues from our school-as-a-service offerings are based in part on our estimate of the total funds each school will receive in a particular school year and our estimate of the full year expenses to be incurred by each school. As a result, differences between our quarterly estimates and the actual funds received and expenses incurred could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows.

We recognize revenues ratably from certain of our fees charged to school-as-a-service offerings over the course of our fiscal year. To determine the pro rata amount of revenues to recognize in a fiscal quarter, we estimate the total expected funds each school will receive in a particular school year. Additionally, we take responsibility for any operating deficits incurred at most of the school-as-a-service offerings we serve. Because this may impair our ability to collect the full  amount  invoiced  in  a  period  and  therefore  collection  cannot  reasonably  be  assured,  we  reduce  revenues  by  the estimated  pro  rata  amount  of  the  school's  net  operating  loss.  We  review  our  estimates  of  total  funds  and  operating expenses periodically, and we revise as necessary, by adjusting our year-to-date earned revenues to be proportional to the expected revenues to be earned during the fiscal year. Actual school funding received and school operating expenses incurred may vary from our estimates or revisions and could adversely impact our revenues, results of operations and cash flows.

## Our  business  is  subject  to  seasonal  fluctuations,  which  may  cause  our  operating  results  to  fluctuate  from quarter-to-quarter and adversely impact our working capital and liquidity throughout the year.

Our operating results normally fluctuate as a result of seasonal variations in our business, principally due to the number of months in a fiscal quarter that our school customers are fully operational and serving students. In the typical academic year, our first and fourth fiscal quarters have fewer than three full months of operations, whereas our second and third fiscal quarters will have three complete months of operations. Instructional costs and services increase in the first  fiscal  quarter,  primarily  due  to  the  costs  incurred  to  ship  learning  kits  at  the  beginning  of  the  school  year.  These instructional costs may increase significantly quarter-to-quarter as school operating expenses increase. The majority of our selling and marketing expenses are incurred in the first and fourth fiscal quarters, as our primary enrollment season is April through September.

We expect quarterly fluctuations in our operating results to continue. These fluctuations could result in volatility and adversely affect our cash flow. As our business grows, these seasonal fluctuations may become more pronounced. As  a  result,  we  believe  that  sequential  quarterly  comparisons  of  our  financial  results  may  not  provide  an  accurate assessment of our financial position.

## Risks Related to Our Operations

We  plan  to  continue  to  create  new  products,  expand  distribution  channels  and  pilot  innovative  educational programs to enhance academic performance. If we are unable to effectively manage these initiatives or they fail to gain acceptance, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected.

As we create and acquire new products, expand our existing customer base and pilot new educational programs, we expect to face challenges distinct from those we currently encounter, including:

- our continual efforts to innovate and pilot new programs to enhance student learning and to foster college and career opportunities, such as our Stride Career Prep schools which offer pathways for Career Learning, may not receive sufficient market acceptance to be economically viable;
- the ongoing transition of our curriculum from Flash to HTML, and our use of third-party educational platforms that we do not control, could create issues with customer satisfaction, early withdrawals and declines in reregistrations, and potentially harm our reputation;

- the  acquisition  or  opening  of  additional  school-as-a-service  offering  in  states  where  we  already  have  a contract with other schools can potentially complicate the school selection process for prospective parents, and present marketing differentiation challenges depending on the facts and circumstances in that state;
- our development of public blended schools has raised different operational challenges than those we face with full-time virtual schools. Blended schools require us to lease facilities for classrooms, staff classrooms with teachers, sometimes provide meals and kitchen facilities, adhere to local safety and fire codes, purchase additional insurance and fulfill many other responsibilities;
- operating in international markets may require us to conduct our business differently than we do in the United States or in existing countries. Additionally, we may have difficulty training and retaining qualified teachers or generating sufficient demand  for our products and services in international markets. International opportunities will also present us with different legal, operational, tax and currency challenges;
- the use of our curriculum in classrooms will produce challenges with respect to adapting our curriculum for effective use in a traditional classroom setting;
- our creation of curricula and instruction protocols for courses taught through our Galvanize, Tech Elevator and MedCerts subsidiaries requires us to rely upon specialized instructors and curriculum developers;
- our online private school business is dependent on a tuition-based financial model and may not be able to enroll  a  sufficient  number  of  students  over  time  to  achieve  long-run  profitability  or  deliver  a  high  level  of customer satisfaction; and
- our  participation  in  summer  foreign  language  instruction  camps  through  MIL  could  generate  new  legal liabilities  and  financial  consequences  associated  with  our  responsibility  for  students  housed  on  leased college campuses on a 24-hour basis over the duration of the camp.

Our failure  to  manage  these  business  expansion  programs,  or  any  new  business  expansion  program  or  new distribution channel we pursue, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

High-quality teachers are critical to the success of our learning systems. If we are not able to continue to recruit, train  and  retain  quality  certified  teachers,  our  curriculum  might  not  be  effectively  delivered  to  students, compromising their academic performance and our reputation. As a result, our brand, business and operating results may be adversely affected.

High-quality teachers are critical to maintaining the value of our learning systems and assisting students with their daily lessons. In addition, teachers in the public schools we manage or who provide instruction in connection with the online programs we offer to school districts, must be state certified (with limited exceptions or temporary waiver provisions in  various  states),  and  we  must  implement  effective  internal  controls  in  each  jurisdiction  to  ensure  valid  teacher certifications,  as  well  as  the  proper  matching  of  certifications  with  student  grade  levels  and  subjects  to  be  taught. Teachers must also possess strong interpersonal communications skills to be able to effectively instruct students in a virtual school setting, and the technical skills to use our technology-based learning systems. There is a limited pool of teachers with these specialized attributes and the public schools and school districts we serve must provide competitive benefits packages to attract and retain such qualified teachers.

The teachers in many public schools we serve are not our employees and the ultimate authority relating to those teachers resides with an independent not-for-profit governing body, which oversees the schools. However, under many of our service and product agreements with virtual and blended public schools, we have responsibility to recruit, train and manage these teachers. The teacher recruitment and student assignment procedures and processes for our school-as-aservice offerings must also comply with individual state certification and reporting requirements. We must also provide continuous training to virtual and blended public school teachers so they can stay abreast of changes in student needs, academic standards and other key trends necessary to teach online effectively, including measures of effectiveness. We may not be able to recruit, train and retain enough qualified teachers to keep pace with school demand while maintaining consistent  teaching  quality  in  the  various  public  schools  we  serve.  Shortages  of  qualified  teachers,  failures  to  ensure proper

teacher certifications and course assignments in each state, or decreases in the quality of our instruction, whether actual or perceived, could have an adverse effect on our business.

## School teachers are subject to union organizing campaigns, and if the teachers employed by us or at the public schools we serve join a union, collective bargaining agreements negotiated with union representatives could result  in  higher  operating  expenses  and  the  loss  of  management  flexibility  and  innovation  for  which  charter schools were created.

If  the  teachers  at  any  one  of  the  public  schools  we  serve  were  to  unionize,  as  is  the  case  in  California,  the employer would become subject to a collective bargaining agreement with union representatives. A collective bargaining agreement could impact teacher salaries, benefits, work rules, teacher tenure and provide for restrictions on the teaching work-day and the time devoted to online instruction delivery or communications with students, and place limitations on the flexibility to reassign or remove teachers for inadequate performance. This could result in higher school-related expenses and could impede the sustainability of, or growth in, enrollment at the school due to the loss of management flexibility and innovation. The outcome could result in higher costs to us in providing educational support and curriculum services to the school, which may adversely affect our operating margins, overall revenues and academic performance results.

## We  rely  on  third-party  service  providers  to  host  some  of  our  solutions  and  any  interruptions  or  delays  in services from these third parties could impair the delivery of our products and harm our business.

We currently outsource some of our hosting services to third parties. We do not control the operation of any thirdparty  facilities.  These  facilities  are  vulnerable  to  damage  or  interruption  from  natural  disasters,  fires,  power  loss, telecommunications  failures  and  similar  events.  They  are  also  subject  to  break-ins,  computer  viruses,  sabotage, intentional  acts  of  vandalism  and  other  misconduct.  The  occurrence  of  any  of  these  disasters  or  other  unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. Furthermore, the availability of our proprietary and third-party LMSs could be interrupted by a number of additional factors, including our customers' inability to access the Internet, the failure of our network or software systems due to human or other error, security breaches or the ability of the infrastructure to handle spikes in customer usage. Interruptions in our service may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to terminate their subscriptions and adversely affect our renewal rates and our ability to attract new  customers.  Our  business  will  also  be  harmed  if  our  customers  and  potential  customers  believe  our  service  is unreliable.

## We operate a complex Company-wide enterprise resource planning ('ERP') system, and if it were to experience significant operating problems, it could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We  operate  a  complex  Company-wide,  Oracle-hosted,  integrated  ERP  system  to  handle  various  business, operating and financial processes, which handles a variety of important functions, such as order entry, invoicing, accounts receivable,  accounts  payable,  financial  consolidation  and  internal  and  external  financial  and  management  reporting matters. If the ERP system experiences significant problems, it could result in operational issues including delayed billing and accounting errors and other operational issues which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. System delays or malfunctioning could also disrupt our ability to timely and accurately process and report results of our operations,  financial  position  and  cash  flows,  which  could  impact  our  ability  to  timely  complete  important  business processes.

## The continued development of our product and service brands is important to our business. If we are not able to maintain and enhance these brands, our business and operating results may suffer.

Enhancing brand awareness is critical to attracting and retaining students, and for serving additional virtual and blended  public  schools,  school  districts  and  online  private  schools,  and  we  intend  to  spend  significant  resources  to accomplish that objective. These efforts include sales and marketing directed to targeted locations as well as the national marketplace, discrete student populations, the educational community at large, key policy groups, image-makers and the media.  As  we  continue  to  seek  to  increase  enrollments  and  extend  our  geographic  reach  and  product  and  service offerings, maintaining quality and consistency across all our services and products may become more difficult to achieve, and any significant and well-publicized failure to maintain this quality and consistency will have a detrimental effect on our brands. We cannot provide assurances that our new sales and marketing efforts will be successful in further promoting our brands in a competitive and cost-effective manner. If we are unable to further enhance our brand recognition and increase awareness of our products and services, or if we incur excessive sales and marketing expenses, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.

## Our intellectual  property  rights  are  valuable,  and  any  inability  to  protect  them  could  reduce  the  value  of  our products, services and brand.

Our  patents,  trademarks,  trade  secrets,  copyrights,  domain  names  and  other  intellectual  property  rights  are important assets. For example, we have been granted three U.S. patents related to our provision of virtual schooling, including the system components for creating and administering assessment tests and our lesson progress tracker, and two  U.S.  patents  related  to  foreign  language  instruction.  Additionally,  we  are  the  copyright  owner  of  courses  in  our proprietary curriculum.

Various  events  outside  of  our  control  pose  a  threat  to  our  intellectual  property  rights.  For  instance,  effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed or made available through the Internet. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. If we fail to protect adequately our intellectual property through patents, trademarks and copyrights, license agreements, employment agreements, confidentiality agreements, nondisclosure agreements or similar agreements, our intellectual  property  rights  may  be  misappropriated  by  others,  invalidated  or  challenged,  and  our  competitors  could duplicate  our  technology  or  may  otherwise  limit  any  competitive  technology  advantage  we  may  have.  Any  significant impairment  of  our  intellectual  property  rights  could  harm  our  business  or  our  ability  to  compete.  Also,  protecting  our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results.

It  is  possible  that  we  may  not  be  able  to  sufficiently  protect  our  innovations.  In  addition,  given  the  costs  of obtaining patent protection, we may choose not to protect certain innovations that later turn out to be important. Further, there  is  always  the  possibility  that  the  scope  of  the  protection  gained  will  be  insufficient  or  that  an  issued  patent  be deemed invalid or unenforceable.

We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. This secrecy could be compromised by outside parties, whether through breach of our network security or otherwise, or by our employees or former employees, intentionally or accidentally, which would cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. Third parties may acquire domain names that are substantially similar to our domain names leading to a decrease in the value of our domain names and trademarks and other proprietary rights.

## Lawsuits against us alleging infringement of the intellectual property rights of others and such actions would be costly to defend, could require us to pay damages or royalty payments and could limit our ability or increase our costs to use certain technologies in the future.

Companies in the Internet, software, technology, education, curriculum and media industries own large numbers of  patents,  copyrights,  trademarks  and  trade  secrets  and  frequently  enter  into  litigation  based  on  allegations  of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. Regardless of the merits, intellectual property claims are time-consuming  and  expensive  to  litigate  or  settle.  For  example,  a  non-practicing  entity  sued  us  alleging  that  our proprietary learning systems infringed three of its patents although its lawsuit was ultimately dismissed on the merits in 2014. In addition, to the extent claims against us are successful, we may have to pay substantial monetary damages or discontinue certain products, services or practices that are found to be in violation of another party's rights. We may also have  to  seek  a  license  and  make  royalty  payments  to  continue  offering  our  products  and  services  or  following  such practices, which may significantly increase our operating expenses.

## We may be subject to legal liability resulting from the actions of third parties, including independent contractors, business partners, or teachers, which could cause us to incur substantial costs and damage our reputation.

We may be subject, directly or indirectly, to legal claims associated with the actions of or filed by our independent contractors, business partners, or teachers. In the event of accidents or injuries or other harm to students, we could face claims alleging that we were negligent, provided inadequate supervision or were otherwise liable for their injuries and our insurance may not cover the expenses of litigation or settlement amounts. Additionally, we could face claims alleging that our independent curriculum contractors or teachers infringed the intellectual property rights of third parties. A liability claim against us or any of our independent contractors, business partners, or teachers could adversely affect our reputation, enrollment  and  revenues.  Even  if  unsuccessful,  such  a  claim  could  create  unfavorable  publicity,  cause  us  to  incur substantial expenses and divert the time and attention of management.

We operate in markets that are dependent on Information Technology (IT) systems and technological change. Failure to maintain and support customer facing services, systems, and platforms, including addressing quality issues and execution on time of new products and enhancements, could negatively impact our revenues and reputation.

We use complex IT systems and products to support our business activities, including customer-facing systems, back-office  processing  and  infrastructure.  We  face  several  technological  risks  associated  with  online  product  service delivery, information technology  security (including virus and  cyber-attacks, as well  as  software  related  bugs, misconfigurations  or  other  vulnerabilities),  e-commerce  and  enterprise  resource  planning  system  implementation  and upgrades. From time to time we have experienced verifiable attacks on our system by unauthorized parties, and our plans and  procedures  to  reduce  such  risks  may  not  be  successful.  Thus,  our  business  could  be  adversely  affected  if  our systems and infrastructure experience a significant failure or interruption in the event of future attacks on our system by unauthorized parties.

The  failure  to  prevent  a  cybersecurity  incident  affecting  our  systems  could  result  in  the  disruption  of  our services  and  the  disclosure  or  misappropriation  of  sensitive  information,  which  could  harm  our  reputation, decrease  demand  for  our  services  and  products,  expose  us  to  liability,  penalties,  and  remedial  costs,  or otherwise adversely affect our financial performance.

In order to provide our services and solutions, we depend on various hardware, software, infrastructure, online sites  and  connected  networks  (hereinafter,  "IT  Systems"),  including  those  of  third  parties.    In  addition,  as  part  of  our business, we collect, use, process, transmit, host and store information, including personal data related to employees, customers, students, and parents, as well as proprietary business information (collectively, "Confidential Information"). Our  IT  Systems  and  Confidential  Information  are  at  risk  of  being  compromised,  whether  through  malicious  activity  or human or technological error.  Although we dedicate personnel and resources toward protecting against cybersecurity risks and threats, our efforts may fail to prevent a security incident.

For  example,  on  December  1,  2020,  we  announced  a  security  incident  involving  a  ransomware  attack.  The incident resulted in the attacker accessing certain parts of our corporate back-office systems, including some student and employee information  on  those  systems.  We  do  not  believe  the  incident  has  had  a  material  impact  on  our  business, operations or financial  results.    We  worked  with  our  cyber  insurance  provider  to  make  a  payment  to  the  ransomware attacker, as a proactive and preventive step to prevent the information obtained by the attacker from being released on the  Internet  or  otherwise  disclosed,  although  there  is  always  a  risk  that  the  threat  actor  will  not  adhere  to  negotiated terms. Any remediation measures that we have taken or that we may undertake in the future in response to this security incident may be insufficient to prevent future attacks.

Cyberattacks are expected to accelerate on a global basis in both frequency and magnitude, and threat actors are  increasingly  sophisticated  in  using  techniques  that  circumvent  controls,  evade  detection,  and  remove  forensic evidence,  which  means  that  we  and  critical  third  parties  may  be  unable  to  anticipate,  contain  or  recover  from  future attacks or incidents in a timely or effective manner.  In addition, remote working arrangements that started during the COVID-19 pandemic may continue in the future, which presents additional opportunities for threat actors to engage in social engineering (for example, phishing) and to exploit vulnerabilities present in many non-corporate networks.

Any  security  incident  that  results  in  Confidential  Information  being  stolen,  accessed  or  modified  without authorization, or that otherwise disrupts or negatively impacts our operations or IT Systems, could harm our reputation, lead to customer attrition, and expose us to regulatory enforcement action or litigation, including class actions. We may also be required to expend significant capital and other resources in response to a security incident, including notification under data privacy laws and regulations, and incur expenses related to containing the incident, restoring lost or corrupted data, and remediating our IT Systems.  Monetary damages, regulatory fines or penalties and other costs or losses could be  significant  and  may  exceed  insurance  policy  limits  or  may  not  be  covered  by  our  insurance  at  all.    In  addition,  a security

incident could require that we expend substantial additional resources related to the security of our IT Systems, diverting resources from other projects and disrupting our businesses.

## We rely on the Internet to enroll students and to deliver our products and services to children and to market ourselves and schools that contract with us, all of which exposes us to a growing number of legal risks and increasing regulation.

We collect information regarding students during the online enrollment process and a significant amount of our curriculum content is delivered over the Internet. As a result, specific federal, state and other jurisdictional laws that could have an impact on our business include the following:

- the COPPA, as implemented by regulations of the Federal Trade Commission (revised July 2013), imposes restrictions on the ability of online companies to collect and use personal information from children under the age of 13;
- the  FERPA,  which  imposes  parental  or  student  consent  requirements  for  specified  disclosures  of  student information to third parties, and emerging state student data privacy laws;
- the CDA, which provides website operators immunity from most claims arising from the publication of thirdparty content;
- numerous  state  cyberbullying  laws  which  require  schools  to  adopt  policies  on  harassment  through  the Internet or other electronic communications;
- rapidly  emerging  state  student  data  privacy  laws  which  require  schools  to  adopt  privacy  policies  and/or require  certain  contractual  commitments  from  education  technology  providers  are  applicable  to  virtual schools and can significantly vary from one state to another;
- federal and state laws that govern schools' obligations to ELL students and students with disabilities; and
- the European Union General Data Protection Regulation ('GDPR') which may apply to certain aspects of our private schools.

In  addition,  the  laws  applicable  to  the  Internet  are  still  developing.  These  laws  impact  pricing,  advertising, taxation, consumer protection, quality of products and services, and are in a state of change. New or amended laws may also  be  enacted,  which  could  increase  the  costs  of  regulatory  compliance  for  us  or  force  us  to  change  our  business practices. As a result, we may be exposed to substantial liability, including significant expenses necessary to comply with such  laws  and  regulations  and  indemnification  of  schools  we  operate  for  liabilities  resulting  from  a  school's  failure  to comply with such laws and regulations.

## Failure to comply with data privacy regulations could result in reputational damage to our brands and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Any perceived or actual unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information, whether through breach of our network or a vendor's network by an unauthorized party, employee theft, misuse or error or otherwise, could harm our reputation, impair our ability to attract and retain our customers, or subject us to claims or litigation arising from damages suffered by individuals. Failure to adequately protect personally identifiable information could potentially lead to penalties, significant remediation costs, reputational damage, the cancellation of existing contracts and difficulty in competing for future business. In addition, we could incur significant costs in complying with relevant laws and regulations regarding the unauthorized disclosure of personal information, which may be affected by any changes to data privacy legislation at both the federal and state levels. Because we serve students residing in foreign countries, we may be subject to privacy laws of  other  countries  and  regions,  such  as  the  GDPR.  In  addition  to  the  possibility  of  penalties,  remediation  costs  and reputational damage, the cost of compliance with foreign laws may outweigh revenue from those countries to such an extent that we may discontinue or restrict our offerings to certain countries.

We utilize a single logistics vendor for the management, receiving, assembly and shipping of all of our learning kits  and  printed  educational  materials.  In  addition,  we  utilize  the  same  vendor  at  a  second  location  for  the reclamation and redeployment of our student computers. This partnership depends upon execution on the part of us and the vendor. Any material failure to execute properly for any reason, including damage or disruption to any of the vendor's facilities would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Substantially all of the inventory for our learning kits and printed materials is located in one warehouse facility, which is operated by a third-party logistics vendor that handles receipt, assembly and shipping of all physical learning materials. If this logistics vendor were to fail to meet its obligations to deliver learning materials to students in a timely manner, or if a material number of such shipments are incomplete or contain assembly errors, our business and results of operations  could  be  adversely  affected.  In  addition,  we  provide  computers  for  a  substantial  number  of  our  students. Execution or merger integration failures which interfere with the reclamation or redeployment of computers may result in additional  costs.  Furthermore,  a  natural  disaster,  fire,  power  interruption,  work  stoppage  or  other  unanticipated catastrophic  event,  especially  during  the  period  from  April  through  June  when  we  are  awaiting  receipt  of  most  of  the curriculum materials for the school year and have not yet shipped such materials to students, could significantly disrupt our ability to deliver our products and operate our business. If any of our material inventory items were to experience any significant damage, we would be unable to meet our contractual obligations and our business would suffer.

## Any significant interruption in the operation of AWS or Azure could cause a loss of data and disrupt our ability to manage our technological infrastructure.

Stride has migrated the applications that form the basis of our products to Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure.  Amazon and Microsoft are global leaders in the cloud services industry and provide world class data centers and capabilities.

Additionally, we do not control the operation of these cloud facilities and must rely on AWS and Azure to provide the physical security, facilities management and communications infrastructure services related to our cloud environment. Our reliance on these vendors exposes us to risks outside of our control. If AWS or Azure encounter financial difficulty, such as bankruptcy or other events beyond our control, that causes it to fail to secure adequately and maintain its hosting facilities  or  provide  the  required  data  communications  capacity,  students  of  the  schools  we  serve  may  experience interruptions in our service or the loss or theft of important customer data.

## Scale and capacity limits on some of our technology, transaction processing systems and network hardware and software may be difficult to project and we may not be able to expand and upgrade our systems in a timely manner to meet significant unexpected increased demand.

As  the  number  of  schools  we  serve  increases  and  our  student  base  grows,  the  traffic  on  our  transaction processing systems and network hardware and software will rise. In our capacity planning processes, we may be unable to accurately project the rate of increase in the use of our transaction processing systems and network hardware and software.  In  addition,  we  may  not  be  able  to  expand  and  upgrade  our  systems  and  network  hardware  and  software capabilities to accommodate significant unexpected increased or peak use. If we are unable to appropriately upgrade our systems  and  network  hardware  and  software  in  a  timely  manner,  our  operations  and  processes  may  be  temporarily disrupted.

## Our  efforts  to  expand  capacity  may  not  produce  the  operational  and  financial  results  for  which  those investments were intended.

As we have grown to serve more schools, students and families in an increasing number of states and countries, we have invested in infrastructure systems and technology to keep pace such as new communication systems, enterprise hardware  and  software  systems.  In  the  absence  of  compatible  business  processes,  adequate  employee  training, integration with other dependent systems, and sufficient staffing, this expanded capacity alone may not result in improved performance or outcomes.

## We may be unable to keep pace with changes in our industry and advancements in technology as our business and market strategy evolves.

As changes in our industry occur or macroeconomic conditions fluctuate we may need to adjust our business strategies  or  find  it  necessary  to  restructure  our  operations  or  businesses,  which  could  lead  to  changes  in  our  cost structure,

the  need  to  write  down  the  value  of  assets,  or  impact  our  profitability.  We  also  make  investments  in  existing  or  new businesses,  including  investments  in  technology  and  expansion  of  our  business  lines.  These  investments  may  have short-term returns that are negative or less than expected and the ultimate business prospects of the business may be uncertain.

As  our  business  and  market  strategy  evolves,  we  also  will  need  to  respond  to  technological  advances  and emerging industry standards in a cost-effective and timely manner in order to remain competitive, such as the ubiquitous use of tablets for public school applications, adaptive learning technologies, and web accessibility standards. The need to respond  to  technological  changes  may  require  us  to  make  substantial,  unanticipated  expenditures.  There  can  be  no assurance that we will be able to respond successfully to technological change.

## We may be unable to attract and retain key executives and skilled employees, and because our employees are located  throughout  the  United  States,  we  may  incur  additional  compliance  and  litigation  costs  that  could adversely impact our business, financial condition and our results of operations.

Our success depends in large part on continued employment of senior management and key personnel who can effectively operate our business, which is necessary in the highly regulated public education sector involving a publicly traded  for-profit  company.  This  complexity  requires  us  to  attract  and  retain  experienced  executive  management  and employees with specialized skills and knowledge across many disciplines. If any of these employees leave us and we fail to  effectively  manage  a  transition  to  new  personnel,  or  if  we  fail  to  attract  and  retain  qualified  and  experienced professionals on acceptable terms, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our  success  also  depends  on  our  having  highly  trained  financial,  technical,  recruiting,  sales  and  marketing personnel. We will need to continue to hire additional personnel as our business grows. A shortage in the number of people with these skills or our failure to attract them to our Company could impede our ability to increase revenues from our  existing  products  and  services,  ensure  full  compliance  with  federal  and  state  regulations,  launch  new  product offerings, and would have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.

We are subject to the Fair Labor Standards Act and other state and federal employment laws. These laws govern such  matters  as  minimum  wage,  overtime,  leave,  and  other  working  conditions  that  can  increase  our  labor  costs  or subject us to liabilities to our employees. In addition, many state and local jurisdictions are adopting their own laws, such as paid sick leave, to address conditions of employment not covered by federal law and/or to provide additional rights and benefits  to  employees.  These  developments  and  disparate  laws  could  increase  our  costs  of  doing  business,  lead  to litigation, or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## We may need additional capital in the future, but there is no assurance that funds will be available on acceptable terms.

We may need to raise additional funds in order to achieve growth or fund other business initiatives. This financing may not be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us and may be dilutive to existing stockholders. Additionally, any securities issued to raise funds may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, our ability to expand, develop or enhance services or products, or respond to competitive pressures will be limited.

## ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

## ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

Our headquarters is located in approximately 23,000 square feet of office space in Reston, Virginia. The facility is under a lease that expires in July 2033. In addition, we lease approximately 552,000 square feet in multiple locations throughout the United States under individual leases that expire between July 2022 and August 2030.

## ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

See Item 8 of Part II, 'Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies Litigation.'

## ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

## PART II

## ITEM  5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND  ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Our common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the 'NYSE') under the symbol 'LRN.' As of July 29, 2022, there were 305 registered holders of our common stock.

## Stock Performance Graph

The graph below compares the cumulative return of holders of Stride, Inc.'s common stock with the cumulative returns of the S&amp;P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite Index, the Russell 2000 Index and our Peer Group Index, which is composed of 2U, Inc., Adtalem Global Education Inc., American Public Education Inc., Perdoceo Education Corporation, Chegg, Inc., Grand Canyon Education Inc., Udemy, Inc., Pearson PLC, Strategic Education Inc., and Coursera, Inc. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock in each index (including reinvestment of dividends) was $100 on June 30, 2017 and tracks it through June 30, 2022. All prices reflect closing prices on the last day of trading at the end of each calendar quarter.

## COMPARISON OF FIVE-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN(1)(2)

## Among Stride, Inc., S&amp;P 500 Index, NASDAQ Composite Index, Russell 2000 Index and Peer Group Index

<!-- image -->

| 30-Jun-17    30-Jun-18    30-Jun-19    30-Jun-20    30-Jun-21 30-Jun-22  LRN  100  93  168  169  195  221  Peer Group Index  100  141  144  151  154  110  S&amp;P 500  100  115  127  136  171  160  Nasdaq Composite  100  125  136  164  203  179  Russell 2000  100  121  120  121  173  145   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The information presented above in the stock performance graph shall not be deemed 'soliciting material' or to be 'filed' with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, except to the extent that we subsequently specifically

request that such information be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporate it by reference into a filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 'Securities Act'), or a filing under the Exchange Act.

- (2) The  stock  price  performance  shown  on  the  graph  is  not  necessarily  indicative  of  future  price  performance. Information  used  in  the  graph  was  obtained  from  a  source  we  believe  to  be  reliable,  but  we  do  not  assume responsibility for any errors or omissions in such information.

## Dividend Policy

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and we currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Instead, we anticipate that all of our earnings on our common stock will  be  used  to  provide  working  capital,  to  support  our  operations,  and  to  finance  the  growth  and  development  of  our business, including potentially the acquisition of, or investment in, businesses, technologies or products that complement our existing business. Any future determination relating to dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, our future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, future prospects, and applicable Delaware law, which provides that dividends are only payable out of surplus or current net profits and other factors our Board of Directors might deem relevant.

## ITEM 6. RESERVED

## ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION  AND  ANALYSIS  OF  FINANCIAL  CONDITION  AND  RESULTS  OF OPERATIONS

This Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ('MD&amp;A') contains certain  forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Historical results may not indicate future performance. Our forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events, are based on assumptions,  and  are  subject  to  known  and  unknown  risks  and  uncertainties  that  could  cause  actual  results  to  differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Factors that may cause differences between actual results and those contemplated by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in 'Risk Factors' in Part  I,  Item  1A,  of  this  Annual  Report.  We  undertake  no  obligation  to  publicly  update  or  revise  any  forward-looking statements, including any changes that might result from any facts, events, or circumstances after the date hereof that may bear upon forward-looking statements. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee future results, events, levels of activity, performance, or achievements.

This MD&amp;A is intended to assist in understanding and assessing the trends and significant changes in our results of operations and financial condition. As used in this MD&amp;A, the words, 'we,' 'our' and 'us' refer to Stride, Inc. and its consolidated  subsidiaries.  This  MD&amp;A  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  our  consolidated  financial  statements  and related  notes  included  elsewhere  in  this  Annual  Report.  The  following  overview  provides  a  summary  of  the  sections included in our MD&amp;A:

- Executive  Summary -a  general  description  of  our  business  and  key  highlights  of  the  year  ended June 30, 2022.
- Key Aspects and Trends of Our Operations -a discussion of items and trends that may impact our business in the upcoming year.
- Critical  Accounting  Estimates -a discussion  of  critical  accounting  estimates  requiring  judgments  and  the application of critical accounting policies.
- Results of Operations -an analysis of our results of operations in our consolidated financial statements.
- Liquidity and Capital Resources -an analysis of cash flows, sources and uses of cash, commitments and contingencies, seasonality in the results of our operations, and quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.

## Executive Summary

We are an education services company providing virtual and blended learning. Our technology-based products and  services  enable  our  clients  to  attract,  enroll,  educate,  track  progress,  and  support  students.  These  products  and services, spanning curriculum, systems, instruction, and support services are designed to help learners of all ages reach their  full  potential  through  inspired  teaching  and  personalized  learning.  Our  clients  are  primarily  public  and  private schools,  school  districts,  and  charter  boards.  Additionally,  we  offer  solutions  to  employers,  government  agencies  and consumers.

We offer a wide range of individual products and services, as well as customized solutions, such as our most comprehensive school-as-a-service offering which supports our clients in operating full-time virtual or blended schools. More than three million students have attended schools powered by Stride curriculum and services since our inception.

Our solutions address two growing markets: General Education and Career Learning.

| General Education  Career Learning  ●      School-as-a-service  ●    Stride Career Prep school-as-a-service  ●      Stride Private Schools  ●        Learning  Solutions  Career  Learning  software  and services sales  ●            Learning  Solutions  software  and  services  sales  ●    Adult Learning   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Products and services for the General Education market are predominantly focused on core subjects, including math, English, science and history, for kindergarten through twelfth grade students to help build a common foundation of knowledge.  Programs utilizing General Education products and services are for students that are not specializing in any particular curriculum or course of study.  These programs provide an alternative to traditional school options and address a range of student needs including, safety concerns, increased academic support, scheduling flexibility, physical/health restrictions or advanced learning.   Products and services are sold as a comprehensive school-as-a-service offering or à la carte.

Career Learning products and services are focused on developing skills to enter and succeed in careers in highgrowth, in-demand industries-including information technology, health care and general business. We  provide  middle and high school students with Career Learning programs that complement their core general education coursework in math,  English,  science  and  history.  Stride  offers  multiple  career  pathways  supported  by  a  diverse  catalog  of  Career Learning courses. The middle school program exposes students to a variety of career options and introduces career skill development. In high school, students may engage in industry content pathway courses, project-based learning in virtual teams,  and  career  development  services.  High  school  students  also  have  the  opportunity  to  progress  toward certifications,  connect  with  industry  professionals,  earn  college  credits  while  in  high  school,  and  participate  in  job shadowing and/or work-based learning experiences that are required to succeed in today's digital, tech-enabled economy. A student enrolled in a school that offers Stride's General Education program may elect to take Career Learning courses, but  that  student  and  the  associated  revenue  is  reported  as  a  General  Education  enrollment  and  General  Education revenue. A student and the associated revenue is counted as a Career Learning enrollment or Career Learning revenue only if the student is enrolled in a Career Learning program or school. Like General Education products and services, the products and services for the Career Learning market are sold as a comprehensive school-as-a-service offering or à la carte.    We  also  offer  focused  post-secondary  career  learning  programs  to  adult  learners,  through  Galvanize,  Inc. ('Galvanize'), Tech Elevator, Inc. ('Tech Elevator'), and MedCerts, LLC ('MedCerts'). These include skills training in the software engineering, healthcare, and medical fields, as well as providing staffing and talent development services to employers. These programs are offered directly to consumers, as well as to employers and government agencies.

For  both  the  General  Education  and  Career  Learning  markets,  the  majority  of  revenue  is  derived  from  our comprehensive  school-as-a-service  offering  which  includes  an  integrated  package  of  curriculum,  technology  systems, instruction, and support services that we administer on behalf of our customers. The average duration of the agreements for  our  school-as-a-service  offering  is  greater  than  five  years,  and  most  provide  for  automatic  renewals  absent  a customer notification of non-renewal. During any fiscal year, we may enter into new agreements, receive non-automatic renewal  notices,  negotiate  replacement  agreements,  terminate  such  agreements  or  receive  notices  of  termination,  or customers may transition a school to a different offering. For the 2021-2022 school year, we provided our school-as-aservice offering for 80 schools in 30 states and the District of Columbia in the General Education market, and 42 schools or programs in 24 states in the Career Learning market.

We  generate  a  significant  portion  of  our  revenues  from  the  sale  of  curriculum,  administration  support  and technology  services  to  virtual  and  blended  public  schools.  The  amount  of  revenue  generated  from  these  contracts  is impacted largely  by  the  number  of  enrollments,  the  mix  of  enrollments  across  grades  and  states,  state  or  district  per student funding levels and attendance requirement, among other items. The average duration of the agreements for our school-as-a-service  offering  is  greater  than  five  years,  and  most  provide  for  automatic  renewals  absent  a  customer notification within a negotiated time frame.

The two key financial metrics that we use to assess financial performance are revenues and operating income. During the year ended June 30, 2022, revenues increased to $1,686.7 million from $1,536.8 million in the prior year, an increase of 9.8%. Over the same period, operating income increased to $156.6 million from $110.5 million in the prior year, an increase of 41.7%. Increases in operating income are driven by revenue growth, increases in gross margin and reductions  in  selling,  general,  and  administrative  expenses.  Additionally,  we  use  the  non-financial  metric  of  total enrollments to assess performance, as enrollment is a key driver of our revenues. Total enrollments for the year ended June 30, 2022 was 185.1 thousand, a decrease of 1.2 thousand, or 0.6%, over the prior year.

While the long-term impact of the global emergence of COVID-19 is not estimable or determinable, in late fiscal

year 2020, we experienced an increase in demand for our products and services.

## Environmental, Social and Governance

As overseers of risk and stewards of long-term enterprise value, Stride's Board of Directors plays a vital role in assessing our organization's environmental and social impacts.  They are also responsible for understanding the potential impact and related risks of environmental, social and governance ('ESG') issues on the organization's operating model. Our Board and management are committed to identifying those ESG issues most likely to impact business operations and growth.  We  craft  policies  that  are  appropriate  for  our  industry  and  that  are  of  concern  to  our  employees,  investors, customers  and  other  key  stakeholders.  Our  Board  ensures  that  the  Company's  leaders  have  ample  opportunity  to leverage ESG for the long-term good of the organization, its stakeholders, and society. Each Committee of the Board monitors ESG efforts in their respective areas, with the Nominating and Governance Committee coordinating across all Committees.

Since our inception twenty years ago, we have removed barriers that impact academic equity. We provide highquality  education  for  anyone-particularly  those  in  underserved  communities-as  a  means  to  foster  economic empowerment and address societal inequities from kindergarten all the way through college and career readiness. We recently reinforced our commitment in this area by launching several initiatives including initially offering scholarships to advance education and career opportunities for black students, expanding career pathways in socially responsible law enforcement  and  increasing  employment  of  black  teachers  at  Stride-powered  schools.    We  are  also  developing interactive, modular courses focused on racial equity and social justice that are being made available for free to every public school.

Among the many ESG issues we support within the Company, we endeavor to promote diversity and inclusion across every aspect of the organization. We sponsor employee resource groups to provide support for female, minority, differently abled, LGBTQ+, and veteran employees and support employee volunteer efforts.  Our commitment is evident in  the  make-up  of  our  leadership  team.    We  have  more  minorities  in  executive  management  and  more  women  in executive management than the representative population. Importantly, our Board of Directors is also diverse with female, Hispanic, and African American members.

Our commitment to ESG initiatives is an endeavor both the Board and management undertake for the general betterment of those both inside and outside of our Company.

The nature of our business supports environmental sustainability.  Most of our employees work from home and most students at Stride-powered schools attend virtual classes, even prior to the COVID-19 crisis, reducing the carbon output from commuting in cars or buses. Our online curriculum reduces the need for paper.  Our meetings are most often held virtually using digital first presentations rather than paper.

## Key Aspects and Trends of Our Operations

## Revenues-Overview

We  generate  a  significant  portion  of  our  revenues  from  the  sale  of  curriculum,  administration  support  and technology services to virtual and blended public schools. We anticipate that these revenues will continue to represent the majority of our total revenues over the next several years. However, we also expect revenues in other aspects of our business to continue to increase as we execute on our growth strategy. Our growth strategy includes increasing revenues in other distribution channels, expanding our adult learning training programs, adding enrollments in our private schools, and  expanding  our  learning  solutions  sales  channel.  Combined  revenues  from  these  other  sectors  were  significantly smaller than those from the virtual and blended public schools we served in the year ended June 30, 2022. Our success in executing our strategies will impact future growth. We have several sales channels from which we generate revenues that are discussed in more detail below.

Factors affecting our revenues include:

- (i) the number of enrollments;
- (ii) the mix of enrollments across grades and states;
- (iii) administrative services and curriculum sales provided to the schools and school districts;

- (iv) state or district per student funding levels and attendance requirements;
- (v) prices for our products and services;
- (vi) growth in our adult learning programs; and
- (vii) revenues from new initiatives, mergers and acquisitions.

## Virtual and Blended Schools

The  virtual  and  blended  schools  we  serve  offer  an  integrated  package  of  systems,  services,  products,  and professional expertise that we administer to support a virtual or blended public school. Customers of these programs can obtain the administrative support, information technology, academic support services, online curriculum, learning system platforms  and  instructional  services  under  the  terms  of  a  negotiated  service  and  product  agreement.  We  provide  our school-as-a-service offerings to virtual and blended public charter schools and school districts.

We define  an  enrollment  as  any  student  enrolled  in  a  full  service  virtual  or  blended  public  school  where  we provide a combination of curriculum, technology, instructional and support services inclusive of administrative support. Generally, students will take four to six courses, except for some kindergarten students who may participate in half-day programs. We count each half-day kindergarten student as an enrollment. School sessions generally begin in August or September and end in May or June. To ensure that all schools are reflected in our measure of enrollments, we consider the number of students on September 30 th  to be our opening enrollment level, and the number of students enrolled on the last day of May to be our ending enrollment level. For each period, average enrollments represent the average of the month-end enrollment levels for each school month in the period. We continually evaluate our enrollment levels by state, by school and by grade. We track new student enrollments and withdrawals throughout the year.

We believe that our revenue growth from enrollments depends upon the following:

- the number of states and school districts in which we operate;
- the mix of students served;
- the restrictive terms of local laws or regulations, including enrollment caps;
- the appeal of our curriculum and instructional model to students and families;
- the specific school or school district requirements including credit recovery or special needs;
- the effectiveness of our program in delivering favorable academic outcomes;
- the quality of the teachers working in the schools we serve;
- the effectiveness of our marketing and recruiting programs to attract new enrollments; and
- retention of students through successive grade levels.

We continually evaluate our trends in revenues by monitoring the number of student enrollments in total, by state, by school and by grade, assessing the impact of changes in school funding levels, school mix (distribution of enrollments by school), changes in state funding rates and higher utilization in federal and state restricted funding per student, and the pricing of our curriculum and educational services.

Enrollments in virtual and blended schools on average generate substantially more revenues than enrollments served through our other sales channels where we provide limited or no administrative services.

## Learning Solutions

Our Learning Solutions sales channel distributes our software and services to schools and school districts across the U.S.  Over the past few years, public schools and school districts have been increasingly adopting online solutions to augment  teaching  practices,  launch  new  learning  models,  cost-effectively  expand  course  offerings,  provide  schedule flexibility,  improve  student  engagement,  increase  graduation  rates,  replace  textbooks,  and  retain  students.  State education

funds traditionally allocated for textbook and print materials have also been authorized for the purchase of digital content, including  online  courses,  and  in  some  cases  mandated  access  to  online  courses.  With  the  impact  of  the  COVID-19 pandemic on education, school districts are seeking more complete virtual learning solutions in addition to curriculum, including  virtual  instructional  delivery,  scheduling,  attendance  monitoring  for  virtual  instructional  sessions,  teacher professional  development,  consulting  support  in  effective  virtual  instruction,  and  special  education  accommodations. Additionally, districts are seeking support for implementations that blend virtual and in-person instruction.

To  address  the  growing  need  for  digital  solutions  and  the  recently  emerging  need  for  comprehensive  virtual solutions, our Learning Solutions team provides curriculum and technology solutions, packaged in a portfolio of flexible learning  and  delivery  models  mapped  to  specific  student  and/or  district  needs.  This  portfolio  approach  provides  a continuum of delivery models, from full-time programs to individual course sales and supplemental options that can be used  in  traditional  classrooms  to  differentiate  instruction.  Our  Learning  Solutions  team  strives  to  partner  with  public schools  and  school  districts,  primarily  in  the  U.S.,  to  provide  more  options  and  better  tools  to  empower  teachers  to improve student achievement through personalized learning in traditional, blended and online learning environments and to provide comprehensive support for teachers and administrators to deliver effective virtual and blended instructions.

Sales opportunities  are  driven  by  a  number  of  factors  in  a  diverse  customer  population,  which  determine  the deliverable and price. These factors include:

- Type  of  Customer -A  customer  can  be  a  public  school  district,  private  school,  charter  school,  early childhood learning center or corporate partner.
- Curriculum  Needs -We sell  our  curriculum  solutions  based  on  the  scope  of  the  customer  need,  and  a solution is generally purchased as end-user access to a complete catalog, individual course or supplemental content title.
- License Options -Depending on the scope of the solution, a license can be purchased for individual course enrollments,  annual  seat,  school  or  district-wide  site  licenses  or  a  perpetual  license  (a  prepaid  lifetime license). We may charge incrementally if we are hosting the solution.
- Hosting -Customers may host curricula themselves or license our hosted solution. We are able to track all students  for  customers  who  use  our  hosted  solution.  However,  more  often  in  large-scale,  district-wide implementations, a customer may choose to host the curriculum, and in that case, we have no visibility of individual student usage for counting enrollments.
- Services Menu -Instructional services may be provided and priced per-enrollment or bundled in the overall price of the solution. Additional services, including professional development, title maintenance and support may also be provided and are priced based on the scope of services.

## Private Schools

Private schools are schools where tuition is paid directly by the family of the student. We receive no public funds for  students  in  our  private  schools.  We  operate  three  accredited  private  online  schools  at  differing  price  points  and service levels. We define an enrollment as any student enrolled in one of these schools where we provide a combination of curriculum, technology, instructional and support services inclusive of administrative support. Our revenues are derived from tuition receipts that are a function of course enrollments and program price. In some circumstances, a third-party school may elect to enroll one of its students in a Stride private school course as a supplement to the student's regular on-campus instruction. In such cases, the third-party school may pay the Stride private school tuition. We have entered into agreements that enable us to distribute our products and services to our international school partners who use our courses to provide electives offerings and dual diploma programs.

We believe  our  revenue  growth  depends  primarily  on  the  recruitment  of  students  into  our  programs  through effective  marketing  and  word-of-mouth  referral  based  on  the  quality  of  our  service.  In  addition,  through  high  service quality, we seek to retain existing students and increase the total number of courses each student takes with us. In some cases, students return each summer and take only one course. In other cases, students choose a Stride private school as  their  principal  form  of  education  and  may  stay  for  many  years.  The  flexibility  of  our  programs,  the  quality  of  our curriculum and teaching, and the student community features lead to customer satisfaction and therefore, retention.

## Consumer Sales

We also  sell  individual  K-8  online  courses  and  supplemental  educational  products  directly  to  families.  These purchasers desire to educate their children as homeschoolers, outside of the traditional school system or to supplement their child's existing public or private school education without the aid of an online teacher. Customers of our consumer products have the option of purchasing a complete grade-level curriculum for grades K-8, individual courses, or a variety of other supplemental products, covering various subjects depending on their child's needs. Typical applications include summer school course work, home-schooling and educational supplements.

Similar to our private schools, we believe our revenue growth depends primarily on the recruitment of students into our programs through effective marketing and word-of-mouth referral based on the quality of our service.

## Adult Learning

We  offer  adult  learning  training  programs  through  Galvanize,  Tech  Elevator,  and  MedCerts,  which  provide programs that address the skills gap facing companies in the information technology and health care sectors. Galvanize and  Tech  Elevator  offer  in-person  and  remote  immersive  full-time  programs  designed  for  adult  learners  looking  to advance their technology careers by providing such learners with skills and real-world experiences. These programs are offered  in  software  engineering.  MedCerts  provides  self-paced,  fully  online  structured  training  programs  that  lead  to certifications  in  the  health  care  field.  In  many  cases,  Galvanize,  Tech  Elevator,  and  MedCerts  work  directly  with  a company to create a customized, tailored education plan to help the company reach its goals and train its employees according to such plan.

We  believe  that  revenue  growth  in  our  adult  learning  brands  depends  on  our  ability  to  identify  and  attract prospective learners through various marketing channels.  Continued growth in these brands will also require that we demonstrate success in placing these learners in jobs following their completion of the program.

## Instructional Costs and Services Expenses

Instructional costs and services expenses include expenses directly attributable to the educational products and services  we  provide.  The  public  schools  we  administer  are  the  primary  drivers  of  these  costs,  including  teacher  and administrator salaries and benefits and expenses of related support services. We also employ teachers and administrators for instruction and oversight in Learning Solutions and Private Schools. Instructional costs also include fulfillment costs of student textbooks and materials, depreciation and reclamation costs of computers provided for student use, the cost of any third-party online courses and the amortization of capitalized curriculum and related systems. Our instructional costs are variable and are based directly on our number of schools and enrollments.

Our high school offering  requires  increased  instructional  costs  as  a  percentage  of  revenues  compared  to  our kindergarten to 8th grade offering. This is due to the following: (i) generally lower student-to-teacher ratios; (ii) higher compensation  costs  for  some  teaching  positions  requiring  subject-matter  expertise;  (iii)  ancillary  costs  for  required student support services, including college placement, SAT preparation and guidance counseling; (iv) use of third-party courses to augment our proprietary curriculum; and (v) use of a third-party learning management system to service high school  students.  Over  time,  we  may  partially  offset  these  factors  by  obtaining  productivity  gains  in  our  high  school instructional model, replacing third-party high school courses with proprietary content, replacing our third-party learning management  system  with  another  third-party  system,  leveraging  our  school  infrastructure  and  obtaining  purchasing economies of scale.

We  have  deployed  and  are  continuing  to  develop  new  delivery  models,  including  blended  schools,  where students  receive  limited  face-to-face  instruction  in  a  learning  center  to  complement  their  online  instruction,  and  other programs  that  utilize  brick  and  mortar  facilities.  The  maintenance,  management  and  operations  of  these  facilities necessitate additional costs, which are generally not required to operate typical virtual public schools. We are pursuing expansion into new states for both virtual public and other specialized charter schools. If we are successful, we will incur start-up costs and other expenses associated with the initial launch of a school, including the funding of building leases and leasehold improvements.

## Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling,  general,  and  administrative  expenses  include  the  salaries  and  benefits  of  employees  engaged  in business  development,  public  affairs,  sales  and  marketing,  and  administrative  functions,  and  transaction  and  due diligence expenses related to mergers and acquisitions.

Also included are product development expenses which include research and development costs and overhead costs associated with the management of both our curriculum development and internal systems development teams. In addition, product development expenses include the amortization of internal systems. We measure and track our product development  expenditures  on  a  per  course  or  project  basis  to  measure  and  assess  our  development  efficiency.  In addition,  we  monitor  employee  utilization  rates  to  evaluate  our  workforce  efficiency.  We  plan  to  continue  to  invest  in additional curriculum development and related software in the future. We capitalize selected costs incurred to develop our curriculum, beginning with application development, through production and  testing into capitalized curriculum development  costs.  We  capitalize  certain  costs  incurred to develop  internal systems  into  capitalized  software development costs.

## Critical Accounting Estimates

The  discussion  of  our  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations  is  based  upon  our  consolidated  financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of our analysis form the basis for making assumptions about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions,  and  the  impact  of  such  differences  may  be  material  to  our  consolidated  financial  statements.  Our  critical accounting  policies  have  been  discussed  with  the  Audit  Committee  of  our  Board  of  Directors.  We  believe  that  the following critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:

## Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects  the  consideration  we  expect  to  be  entitled  to  in  exchange  for  those  goods  or  services  using  the following steps:

- identify the contract, or contracts, with a customer;
- identify the performance obligations in the contract;
- determine the transaction price;
- allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
- recognize revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation.

Revenues related to the products and services that we provide to students in kindergarten through twelfth grade or adult learners are considered to be General Education or Career Learning based on the school or adult program in which the student is enrolled. General Education products and services are focused on core subjects, including math, English,  science  and  history,  for  kindergarten  through  twelfth  grade  students  to  help  build  a  common  foundation  of knowledge. Career Learning products and services are focused on developing skills to enter and succeed in careers in high-growth,  in-demand  industries-including  information  technology,  business,  and  health  services,  for  students  in middle school through high school and adult learners.

The majority of our contracts are with the following types of customers:

- a virtual or blended school whereby the amount of revenue is primarily determined by funding the school receives;
- a school or individual who licenses certain curriculum on a subscription or course-by-course basis; or
- an enterprise who contracts with the Company to provide job training.

## Funding-based Contracts

We provide an integrated package of systems, services, products, and professional expertise that is administered together  to  support  a  virtual  or  blended  public  school.  Contractual  agreements  generally  span  multiple  years  with performance obligations being isolated to annual periods which generally coincide with our fiscal year. Customers of these programs  can  obtain  administrative  support,  information  technology,  academic  support  services,  online  curriculum, learning systems platforms and instructional services under the terms of a negotiated service agreement. The schools receive funding on a per student basis from the state in which the public school or school district is located. Shipments of materials for schools that occur in the fourth fiscal quarter and for the upcoming school year are recorded in deferred revenue.

We  generate  revenues  under  contracts  with  virtual  and  blended  public  schools  and  include  the  following components, where required:

- providing each of a school's students with access to our online school and lessons;
- offline learning kits, which include books and materials to supplement the online lessons;
- the use of a personal computer and associated reclamation services;
- internet access and technology support services;
- instruction by a state-certified teacher; and
- management and technology services  necessary  to  support  a  virtual  or  blended  school.  In  certain  contracts, revenues are determined directly by per enrollment funding.

To determine the pro rata amount of revenue to recognize in a fiscal quarter, we estimate the total expected funds each school will receive in a particular school year. Total funds for a school are primarily a function of the number of students enrolled in the school and established per enrollment funding levels, which are generally published on an annual basis  by  the  state  or  school  district.  We  review  its  estimates  of  funding  periodically,  and  updates  as  necessary,  by adjusting its year-to-date earned revenues to be proportional to the total expected revenues to be earned during the fiscal year. Actual school funding may vary from these estimates and the impact of these differences could impact our results of operations. Since the end of the school year coincides with the end of our fiscal year, annual revenues are generally based on actual school funding and actual costs incurred (including costs for our services to the schools plus other costs the  schools  may  incur).  Our  schools'  reported  results  are  subject  to  annual  school  district  financial  audits,  which incorporate enrollment counts, funding and other routine financial audit considerations. The results of these audits are incorporated into the Company's monthly funding estimates for the current and prior periods. For the years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company's aggregate funding estimates differed from actual reimbursements impacting total reported revenue by approximately 1.4%, (0.1)%, and 0.6%, respectively.

Each state and/or school district has variations in the school funding formulas and methodologies that it uses to estimate funding for revenue recognition at its respective schools. As the Company estimates funding for each school, it takes into account the state definition for count dates on which reported enrollment numbers will be used for per pupil funding. The parameters the Company considers in estimating funding for revenue recognition purposes include school district  count  definitions,  withdrawal  rates,  new  registrations,  average  daily  attendance,  special  needs  enrollment, academic progress, historical completion, student location, funding caps and other state specified categorical program funding.

Under the contracts where we provide products and services to schools, we are responsible for substantially all of the expenses incurred by the school and have generally agreed to absorb any operating losses of the schools in a given school year. These school operating losses represent the excess of costs incurred over revenues earned by the virtual or blended public school (the school's expected funding), as reflected in its respective financial statements, including our charges to the schools. To the extent a school does not receive sufficient funding for each student enrolled in the school, the school would still incur costs associated with serving the unfunded enrollment. If losses due to unfunded enrollments result in a net operating loss for the year that loss is reflected as a reduction in the revenues and net receivables that we collect from the school. A school net operating loss in one year does not necessarily mean we anticipate losing money on  the  entire  contract  with  the  school.  However,  a  school's  net  operating  loss  may  reduce  our  ability  to  collect  its management fees in full and recognized revenues are constrained to reflect the expected cash collections from such schools.  We  record  the  school's  estimated  net  operating  loss  against  revenues  based  upon  the  percentage  of  actual revenues in the period to total estimated revenues for the fiscal year. Actual school net operating losses may vary from these estimates or revisions, and the impact of these differences could have a material impact on results of operations.

## Subscription-based Contracts

We provide certain online curriculum and services to schools and school districts under subscription agreements. Revenues from the licensing of curriculum under subscription arrangements are recognized on a ratable basis over the subscription period. Revenues from professional consulting, training and support services are deferred and recognized ratably over the service period.

In addition, we contract with individual customers who have access for one to two years to company-provided online  curriculum  and  generally  prepay  for  services  to  be  received.  Adult  learners  enroll  in  courses  that  provide specialized training in a specific industry. Each of these contracts are considered to be one performance obligation. We recognize these revenues pro rata over the maximum term of the customer contract based on the defined contract price.

## Enterprise Contracts

We provide job training over a specified contract period to enterprises. Each of these contracts are considered to be one performance obligation. We recognize these revenues based on the number of students trained during the term of the contract based on the defined contract price.

## Income Taxes

Accounting  for  income  taxes  prescribes  the  use  of  the  asset  and  liability  method  to  compute  the  differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and the related financial amounts, using currently enacted tax laws. If necessary, a valuation allowance is established, based on the weight of available evidence, to reduce deferred tax assets to  the  amount  that  is  more  likely  than  not  to  be  realized.  Realization  of  the  deferred  tax  assets,  net  of  deferred  tax liabilities, is principally dependent upon achievement of sufficient future taxable income. We exercise significant judgment in determining our provisions for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and our future taxable income for purposes of assessing our ability to utilize any future tax benefit from our deferred tax assets.

Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax determination involves significant judgments  that  could  become  subject  to  examination  by  tax  authorities  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business.  We periodically assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the impact on our deferred taxes and income tax liabilities and the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Changes in income tax legislation, statutory income tax rates or future taxable income levels, among other things, could materially impact our valuation  of  income  tax  assets  and  liabilities  and  could  cause  our  income  tax  provision  to  vary  significantly  among financial reporting periods.

We have a valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets of $6.7 million and $5.0 million as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for the amount that will likely not be realized.

## Results of Operations

## Impacts of COVID-19 on Stride's Business

While the long-term impact of the global emergence of COVID-19 is not estimable or determinable, in late fiscal year 2020, we experienced an increase in demand for our products and services.

We continue to conduct business as usual with some modifications to employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of certain events. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, suppliers and stockholders. It is not clear what the potential effects any such alterations or modifications may have on our business, including the effects on our customers and prospects, or on our long-term financial results.

## Lines of Revenue

We  operate  in  one  operating  and  reportable  business  segment  as  a  technology-based  education  company providing  proprietary  and  third-party  curriculum,  software  systems  and  educational  services  designed  to  facilitate individualized learning. The Chief Operating Decision Maker evaluates profitability based on consolidated results. We

have two lines of revenue: (i) General Education and (ii) Career Learning.

## Enrollment Data

The following table sets forth total enrollment data for students in our General Education and Career Learning lines  of  revenue.    Enrollments  for  General  Education  and  Career  Learning  only  include  those  students  in  full  service public  or  private  programs  where  Stride  provides  a  combination  of  curriculum,  technology,  instructional  and  support services inclusive of administrative support. No enrollments are included in Career Learning for Galvanize, Tech Elevator or MedCerts. This data includes enrollments for which Stride receives no public funding or revenue.

If  the  mix  of  enrollments  changes,  our  revenues  will  be  impacted  to  the  extent  the  average  revenue  per enrollment is significantly different. We do not award or permit incentive compensation to be paid to our public school program enrollment staff or contractors based on the number of students enrolled.

The following represents our current enrollment for each of the periods indicated:

| Year Ended June 30,  2022 / 2021  2021 / 2020  2022  2021  2020  Change     Change %     Change     Change %  (In thousands, except percentages)  General Education (1)  143.2  156.7  107.8  (13.5)  (8.6%)  48.9  45.4%  Career Learning (1) (2)  41.9  29.6  13.1  12.3  41.6%  16.5  126.0%  Total Enrollment  185.1  186.3  120.9  (1.2)  (0.6%)  65.4  54.1%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Enrollments reported for the first quarter are equal to the official count date number, which was September 30, 2021 for the first quarter of fiscal year 2022 and October 1, 2020 for the first quarter of fiscal year 2021.

(2) No enrollments are included in Career Learning for Galvanize, Tech Elevator or MedCerts.

## Revenue Data

Revenues are captured by market based on the underlying customer contractual agreements. Where customers purchase products and services for both General Education and Career Learning markets we allocate revenues based on the  program  for  which  each  student  is  enrolled.  All  kindergarten  through  fifth  grade  students  are  considered  General Education  students.  Periodically,  a  middle  school  or  high  school  student  enrollment  may  change  line  of  revenue classification.

The following represents our current revenues for each of the periods indicated:

| Year Ended June 30,  Change 2022 / 2021  Change 2021 / 2020  2022  2021  2020  $  %  $  %  (In thousands, except percentages)  General Education  $ 1,273,783  $ 1,280,199  $  933,809  $  (6,416)  (0.5%)  $ 346,390  37.1%  Career Learning  Middle - High School  321,416  200,774  96,003  120,642  60.1%  104,771  109.1%  Adult  91,467  55,787  10,953  35,680  64.0%  44,834  409.3%  Total Career Learning  412,883  256,561  106,956  156,322  60.9%  149,605  139.9%  Total Revenues  $ 1,686,666  $ 1,536,760  $ 1,040,765  $ 149,906  9.8%  $ 495,995  47.7%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Products and Services

Stride  has  invested  over  $600  million  in  the  last  twenty  years  to  develop  curriculum,  systems,  instructional practices and support services that enable us to support hundreds of thousands of students. The following describes the various products and services that we provide to customers.  Products and services are provided on an individual basis as well as customized solutions, such as our most comprehensive school-as-a-service offering which supports our clients in operating  full-time  virtual  or  blended  schools.  Stride  is  continuously  innovating  to  remain  at  the  forefront  of  effective educational techniques to meet students' needs. It continues to expand upon its personalized learning model, improve the user  experience  of  its  products,  and  develop  tools  and  partnerships  to  more  effectively  engage  and  serve  students, teachers, and administrators.

Curriculum and Content - Stride has one of the largest digital research-based curriculum portfolios for the K-12 online  education  industry  that  includes  some  of  the  best  in  class  content  available  in  the  market.  Our  customers  can select  from  hundreds  of  high-quality,  engaging,  online  coursework  and  content,  as  well  as  many  state  customized versions of those courses, electives, and instructional supports. Since our inception, we have built core courses on a foundation of rigorous standards, following the guidance and recommendations of leading educational organizations at the national and state levels. State standards are continually evolving, and we continually invest in our curriculum to meet these changing requirements. Through our subsidiaries Galvanize, Tech Elevator and MedCerts, we have added highquality, engaging, online coursework and content in software engineering, healthcare, and medical fields.

Systems -  We  have  established  a  secure  and  reliable  technology  platform,  which  integrates  proprietary  and third-party systems, to provide a high-quality educational environment and gives us the capability to grow our customer programs  and  enrollment.  Our  end-to-end  platform  includes  single-sign  on  capability  for  our  content  management, learning  management,  student  information,  data  reporting  and  analytics,  and  various  support  systems  that  allow customers to provide a high-quality and personalized educational experience for students. A la carte offerings can provide curriculum  and  content  hosting  on  customers'  learning  management  systems,  or  integration  with  customers'  student information systems.

Instructional Services -  We  offer  a  broad  range  of  instructional  services  that  includes  customer  support  for instructional teams, including recruitment of state certified teachers, training in research-based online instruction methods and  Stride  systems,  oversight  and  evaluation  services,  and  ongoing  professional  development.    Stride  also  provides training options to support teachers and parents to meet students' learning needs. Stride's range of training options are designed to enhance skills needed to teach using an online learning platform, and include hands-on training, on-demand courses, and support materials.

Support Services - We offer a broad range of support services, including marketing and enrollment, supporting prospective  students  through  the  admission  process,  assessment  management,  administrative  support  (e.g.,  budget proposals, financial reporting, and student data reporting), and technology and materials support (e.g., provisioning of student computers, offline learning kits, internet access and technology support services).

## Financial Information

The following table sets forth statements of operations data and the amounts as a percentage of revenues for each of the periods indicated:

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  2020  (In thousands, except percentages)  Revenues  $ 1,686,666          100.0 %  $ 1,536,760          100.0 %  $  1,040,765           100.0 %  Instructional costs and services  1,090,191  64.6  1,001,860  65.2  693,232  66.6  Gross margin  596,475  35.4  534,900  34.8  347,533  33.4  Selling, general, and  administrative expenses  439,847  26.1  424,444  27.6  315,076  30.3  Income from operations  156,628  9.3  110,456  7.2  32,457  3.1  Interest income (expense), net  (8,277)  (0.5)  (17,979)  (1.2)  698  0.1  Other income (expense), net  (1,277)  (0.1)  2,829  0.2  272  0.0  Income before income taxes  and income (loss) from equity  method investments  147,074  8.7  95,306  6.2  33,427  3.2  Income tax expense  (40,088)  (2.4)  (24,539)  (1.6)  (8,541)  (0.8)  Income (loss) from equity  method investments  144  0.0  684  0.0  (380)  (0.0)  Net income attributable to  common stockholders  $  107,130  6.4 %  $  71,451  4.6 %  $  24,506  2.4 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Comparison of the Years Ended June 30, 2022 and 2021

Revenues. Our revenues for the year ended June 30, 2022 were $1,686.7 million, representing an increase of $149.9 million, or 9.8%, from $1,536.8 million for the year ended June 30, 2021. General Education revenues decreased $6.4  million,  or  0.5%,  year  over  year.  The  decrease  in  General  Education  revenues  was  primarily  due  to  the  8.6% decrease in enrollments, and changes to school mix (distribution of enrollments by school). Career  Learning  revenues increased $156.3 million, or 60.9%, primarily due to a 41.6% increase in enrollments, school mix, as well as from the acquisition of MedCerts and Tech Elevator.

Instructional  costs  and  services  expenses. Instructional  costs  and  services  expenses  for  the  year  ended June 30, 2022 were $1,090.2 million, representing an increase of $88.3 million, or 8.8%, from $1,001.9 million for the year  ended  June  30,  2021.  This  increase  in  expense  was  due  to  hiring  of  personnel  in  growth  states  and  salary increases. Instructional costs and services expenses were 64.6% of revenues during the year ended June 30, 2022, a decrease from 65.2% for the year ended June 30, 2021.

Selling, general, and administrative expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30, 2022 were $439.8 million, representing an increase of $15.4 million, or 3.6% from $424.4 million for the year ended  June  30,  2021.  The  increase  was  primarily  due  to  an  increase  of  $9.1  million  in  bad  debt  expense  resulting primarily  from  reserves  related  to  our  investment  in  Tallo,  Inc.,  $8.7  million  in  licensing  fees,  and  $8.0  million  in professional services and marketing expenses, partially offset by a $7.8 million decrease in personnel and related benefit costs, including stock-based compensation. Selling, general, and administrative expenses were 26.1% of revenues during the year ended June 30, 2022, a decrease from 27.6% for the year ended June 30, 2021.

Interest income (expense), net. Net  interest  expense  for  the  year  ended  June  30,  2022  was  $8.3  million  as compared to $18.0 million in the year ended June 30, 2021. The decrease in net interest expense was primarily due to adoption of ASU 2020-06 in fiscal year 2022 which resulted in the elimination of interest expense related to the debt discount of the Convertible Senior Notes.

Income tax expense. Income  tax  expense  was  $40.1  million  for  the  year  ended  June  30,  2022,  or  27.2%  of income before taxes, as compared to $24.5 million, or 25.6% of income before taxes for the year ended June 30, 2021. The increase in the effective income tax rate for the year ended June 30, 2022, as compared to the effective tax rate for the year ended June 30, 2021, was primarily due to the increase in the amount of non-deductible compensation, which was partially offset

by the increase in excess tax benefit of stock-based compensation.

## Comparison of the Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020

Revenues. Our revenues for the year ended June 30, 2021 were $1,536.8 million, representing an increase of $496.0 million, or 47.7%, from $1,040.8 million for the year ended June 30, 2020. General Education revenues increased $346.4 million, or 37.1%, year over year. The increase in General Education revenues was primarily due to the 45.4% increase in enrollments, and changes to school mix (distribution of enrollments by school). Career Learning revenues increased $149.6 million, or 139.9%, primarily due to a 126.0% increase in enrollments, school mix, as well as from the acquisitions of Galvanize, MedCerts and Tech Elevator.

Instructional  costs  and  services  expenses. Instructional  costs  and  services  expenses  for  the  year  ended June 30, 2021 were $1,001.9 million, representing an increase of $308.7 million, or 44.5%, from $693.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2020. This increase in expense was primarily associated with the incremental personnel and related benefit  costs  associated  with  supporting  higher  enrollments,  as  well  as  costs  associated  with  serving  Galvanize's customers. Instructional costs and services expenses were 65.2% of revenues during the year ended June 30, 2021, a decrease from 66.6% for the year ended June 30, 2020.

Selling, general, and administrative expenses. Selling, general, and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30, 2021 were $424.4 million, representing an increase of $109.3 million, or 34.7%, from $315.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2020. This increase was primarily due to an increase of $39.9 million in personnel and related benefit costs, $26.4 million in professional services expenses, $18.8 million in licensing fees, and $15.7 million in stock-based compensation. The increase in personnel and related benefit costs was partially related to the additional headcount of MedCerts and Tech Elevator, as well as a full year of headcount related to Galvanize. Selling, general, and administrative expenses were 27.6% of revenues during the year ended June 30, 2021, a decrease from 30.3% for the year ended June 30, 2020.

Income tax expense. Income  tax  expense  was  $24.5  million  for  the  year  ended  June  30,  2021,  or  25.6%  of income before taxes, as compared to $8.5 million, or 25.8% of income before taxes for the year ended June 30, 2020.

## Discussion of Seasonality of Financial Condition

Certain  accounts in  our  balance  sheet  are  subject  to  seasonal  fluctuations.  As  our  enrollments  and  revenues grow, we expect these seasonal trends to be amplified. The bulk of our materials are shipped to students prior to the beginning of the school year, usually in July or August. In order to prepare for the upcoming school year, we generally build up inventories during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. Therefore, inventories tend to be at the highest levels at the end of our fiscal year. In the first quarter of our fiscal year, inventories tend to decline significantly as materials are shipped to students. In our fourth quarter, inventory purchases and the extent to which we utilize early payment discounts will impact the level of accounts payable.

Accounts receivable balances tend to be at the highest levels in the first quarter of our fiscal year as we begin billing for all enrolled students and our billing arrangements include upfront fees for many of the elements of our offering. These upfront fees result in seasonal fluctuations to our deferred revenue balances. We routinely monitor state legislative activity  and  regulatory  proceedings  that  might  impact  the  funding  received  by  the  schools  we  serve  and  to  the  extent possible, factor potential outcomes into our business planning decisions.

The  deferred  revenue  related  to  our  direct-to-consumer  business  results  from  advance  payments  for  twelve month subscriptions to our online school. These advance payments are amortized over the life of the subscription and tend to be highest at the end of the fourth quarter and first quarter, when the majority of subscriptions are sold.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

As of June 30, 2022, we had net working capital, or current assets minus current liabilities, of $648.5 million. Our working  capital  includes  cash  and  cash  equivalents  of  $389.4  million  and  accounts  receivable  of  $418.6  million.  Our working capital provides a significant source of liquidity for our normal operating needs. Our accounts receivable balance fluctuates throughout the fiscal year based on the timing of customer billings and collections and tends to be highest in our first fiscal quarter as we begin billing for students. In addition, our cash and accounts receivable were significantly in excess of our accounts payable and short-term accrued liabilities at June 30, 2022.

During  the  first  quarter  of  fiscal  year  2021,  we  issued  $420.0  million  aggregate  principal  amount  of  1.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 ('Notes'). The Notes are governed by an indenture (the 'Indenture') between us and U.S.  Bank  National  Association,  as  trustee.  The  net  proceeds  from  the  offering  of  the  Notes  were  approximately $408.6 million after deducting the underwriting fees and other expenses paid by the Company. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 1.125% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 st  and September 1 st  of each year, beginning on March 1, 2021. The Notes will mature on September 1, 2027. In connection with the Notes, we entered into privately negotiated  capped  call  transactions  (the  'Capped  Call  Transactions')  with  certain  counterparties.  The  Capped  Call Transactions  are  expected  to  cover  the  aggregate  number  of  shares  of  the  Company's  common  stock  that  initially underlie the Notes, and are expected to reduce potential dilution to the Company's common stock upon any conversion of Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes.  The  upper  strike  price  of  the  Capped  Call  Transactions  is  $86.174  per  share.  The  cost  of  the  Capped  Call Transactions was $60.4 million and was recorded within additional paid-in capital.

Before June 1, 2027, noteholders will have the right to convert their Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. After June 1, 2027, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until two days prior to the maturity date. We will settle conversions by paying cash up to the outstanding principal amount, and at our election, will settle the conversion spread by paying or delivering cash or shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock. The initial conversion rate is 18.9109 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $52.88 per share of common stock. The Notes will be redeemable at our option at any time after September 6, 2024 at a cash redemption price equal to the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, subject to certain stock price hurdles as discussed in the Indenture.

On January 27, 2020, we entered into a $100.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility ('Credit Facility') to be used for general corporate operating purposes with PNC Capital Markets LLC. The Credit Facility has a five-year term and incorporates customary financial and other covenants, including, but not limited to, a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum  interest  coverage  ratio.  The  majority  of  our  borrowings  under  the  Credit  Facility  were  at  LIBOR  plus  an additional rate ranging from 0.875% - 1.50% based on our leverage ratio as defined in the agreement. The Credit Facility is secured by our assets. The Credit Facility agreement allows for an amendment to establish a new benchmark interest rate when LIBOR is discontinued during the five-year term. As of June 30, 2022, we were in compliance with the financial covenants. As part of the proceeds received from the Notes, we repaid our $100.0 million outstanding balance and as of June 30, 2022, we had no amounts outstanding on the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility also includes a $200.0 million accordion feature.

We are a lessee under finance lease obligations for student computers and peripherals under loan agreements with Banc of America Leasing &amp; Capital, LLC ('BALC'). As of June 30, 2022 and 2021, the finance lease liability was $66.3 million and $68.9 million, respectively, with lease interest rates ranging from 1.52% to 3.95%.

We entered into an agreement with BALC in April 2020 for $25.0 million (increased to $41.0 million in July 2020) to provide financing for our leases through March 2021 at varying rates. We entered into additional agreements during fiscal year 2021 to provide financing of $54.0 million for our student computers and peripherals leases through October 2022 at varying rates. Individual leases with BALC include 36-month payment terms, fixed rates ranging from 1.52% to 3.95%,  and  a  $1  purchase  option  at  the  end  of  each  lease  term.  We  pledged  the  assets  financed  to  secure  the outstanding leases.

Our cash requirements consist primarily of day-to-day operating expenses, capital expenditures and contractual obligations  with  respect  to  interest  on  our  Notes,  office  facility  leases,  capital  equipment  leases  and  other  operating leases. We expect to make future payments on existing leases from cash generated from operations. We believe that the combination of funds to be generated from operations, borrowing on our Credit Facility and net working capital on hand will  be  adequate  to  finance  our  ongoing  operations  for  the  foreseeable  future.  In  addition,  we  continue  to  explore acquisitions, strategic investments and joint ventures related to our business that we may acquire using cash, stock, debt, contribution of assets or a combination thereof.

## Operating Activities

Net  cash  provided  by  operating  activities  for  the  year  ended  June  30,  2022  was  $206.9  million  compared  to $134.2

million for the year ended June 30, 2021. The $72.7 million increase in cash provided by operations between periods was primarily due to an increase in net income and a lower increase in accounts receivable, partially offset by a decrease in accrued compensation and benefits and deferred revenue and other liabilities.

Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended June 30, 2021 was $134.2 million compared to $80.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2020. The $53.8 million increase in cash provided by operations between periods was primarily due to an increase in net income including non-cash adjustments partially offset by a decrease in working capital of $56.8 million. The decrease in other assets and liabilities was primarily due to increases in accounts receivable, and inventory,  prepaid  expenses  and  other  assets;  partially  offset  by  an  increase  in  accounts  payable  and  accrued compensation and benefits. The increase in accounts receivable was related to the increase in revenue with schools with payment terms that extend beyond our fiscal year, while the increase in accrued compensation and benefits was related to an increase in our corporate bonus and accrued salaries.

Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended June 30, 2020 was $80.4 million compared to $141.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2019. The $61.2 million decrease in cash provided by operations between periods was primarily  due  to  a  decrease  in  working  capital  of  $63.3  million.  The  decrease  in  other  assets  and  liabilities  was primarily  due  to  decreases  in  accounts  payable,  as  well  as  increases  in  accounts  receivable,  and  inventory,  prepaid expenses and other assets.

## Investing Activities

Net  cash  used  in  investing  activities  for  the  years  ended  June  30,  2022,  2021  and  2020  was  $110.8  million, $165.4 million and $217.4 million, respectively.

Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended June 30, 2022 decreased $54.6 million from the year ended June 30, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the acquisitions of MedCerts and Tech Elevator for $71.1 million in fiscal year 2021, partially offset by an increase in capital expenditures year over year of $15.3 million.

Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended June 30, 2021 decreased $52.0 million from the year ended June 30, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to the acquisition of Galvanize during the year ended June 30, 2020  being  more  than  the  acquisitions  of  MedCerts  and  Tech  Elevator  during  the  year  ended  June  30,  2021  and purchases of marketable securities of $40.5 million.

Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended June 30, 2020 increased $156.3 million from the year ended June 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of Galvanize of $165.0 million, plus working capital, net of cash.

## Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended June 30, 2022 was $93.3 million. Net cash provided by financing activities for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 was $204.6 million and $65.6 million, respectively.

Net  cash  used  in  financing  activities  for  the  year  ended  June  30,  2022  compared  to  net  cash  provided  by financing activities for the year ended June 30, 2021, a decrease of $297.9 million. The decrease was primarily due to the net proceeds from the issuance of our Notes of $408.6 million, partially offset by capped call purchases related to the Notes of $60.4 million, the repayment on our Credit Facility of $100.0 million in fiscal year 2021; $22.9 million in deferred purchase consideration  payments  related  to  MedCerts  and  Tech  Elevator  in  fiscal  year  2022;  and  an  increase  in  the repurchase of restricted stock for income tax withholding of $37.9 million.

Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended June 30, 2021 increased $139.0 million from the year ended June 30, 2020. The increase was primarily due to the net proceeds from the issuance of our Notes of $408.6 million, partially offset by capped call purchases related to the Notes of $60.4 million and the repayment of our Credit Facility of $100.0 million. The net increase was partially offset by the net proceeds from our Credit Facility during the year ended June 30, 2020.

Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended June 30, 2020 increased $94.6 million from net cash used in financing activities for the year ended June 30, 2019. The increase from net cash used in financing activities was

primarily due to borrowings from the Credit Facility of $105.0 million partially offset by an increase in the repayment of finance lease obligations incurred for the acquisition of student computers of $6.6 million.

## Recent Accounting Pronouncements

For information regarding, 'Recent Accounting Pronouncements,' please refer to Note 3, 'Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,' contained within our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

## Interest Rate Risk

At  June  30,  2022  and  2021,  we  had  cash  and  cash  equivalents  totaling  $389.4  million  and  $386.1  million, respectively.  Our  excess  cash  has  been  invested  in  money  market  funds,  government  securities,  corporate  debt securities  and  similar  investments.  At  June  30,  2022,  a  1%  gross  increase  in  interest  rates  for  our  variable-interest instruments  would  result  in  a  $3.9  million  annualized  increase  in  interest  income.  Additionally,  the  fair  value  of  our investment portfolio is subject to changes in market interest rates.

Our short-term debt obligations under our Credit Facility are subject to interest rate exposure. At June 30, 2022, we had no outstanding balance on our Credit Facility.

## Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

We currently operate in several foreign countries, but we do not transact a material amount of business in a foreign currency. If we enter into any material transactions in a foreign currency or establish or acquire any subsidiaries that measure and record their financial condition and results of operations in a foreign currency, we will be exposed to currency  transaction  risk  and/or  currency  translation  risk.  Exchange  rates  between  U.S.  dollars  and  many  foreign currencies have fluctuated significantly over the last few years and may continue to do so in the future. Accordingly, we may decide in the future to undertake hedging strategies to minimize the effect of currency fluctuations on our financial condition and results of operations.

## ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

## INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

| Page  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  (PCAOB ID: 243)  59  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2022 and 2021  61  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020  62  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020  63  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020  64  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020  65  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  66  Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  104   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Board of Directors and Stockholders Stride, Inc. Reston, Virginia

## Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Stride, Inc. (the 'Company') as of June 30, 2022  and  2021,  the  related  consolidated  statements  of  operations,  comprehensive  income,  stockholders'  equity,  and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule  listed  in  the  accompanying  index  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'consolidated  financial  statements').  In  our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at June 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2022 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ('PCAOB'), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ('COSO') and our report dated August 9, 2022, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Change in Accounting Principle

As  discussed  in  Note  3  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  Company  has  changed  its  method  of accounting for debt as of July 1, 2021, due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update ('ASU') No. 2020-06, Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Equity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) .

## Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  Company's  consolidated  financial  statements  based  on  our  audits.  We  are  a  public accounting  firm  registered  with  the  PCAOB  and  are  required  to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the  Company  in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.

Our  audits  included  performing  procedures  to  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated financial  statements,  whether  due  to  error  or  fraud,  and  performing  procedures  that  respond  to  those  risks.  Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to  accounts  or  disclosures  that  are  material  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  (2)  involved  our  especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

## Revenues from Funding-based Contracts

As described in Note 3 to the Company's consolidated financial statements, for the year ended June 30, 2022, revenues  from  funding-based  contracts  approximated  $1.5  billion  and  contributed  to  both  lines  of  revenue-General Education and Career Learning. The computation of funding-based contract revenue from state sources is based upon the amount of estimated funding expected to be provided by the state where the public school or school district is located. Total estimated funding from all sources represents the maximum value of revenue to be recognized from funding-based contracts and is adjusted as necessary for individual school financial deficits and surpluses.

We  identified  management's  judgments  related  to  revenues  from  funding-based  contracts  as  a  critical  audit matter. The critical input used to calculate state estimated funding is enrollment, which is defined by the state governing authorities,  varies  by  school  and  by  funding  metric,  and  often  requires  management  to  perform  complex  calculations subject to the use of significant estimates and assumptions. Assumptions and inputs used to determine enrollment figures may include withdrawal rates, new registrations, average daily attendance, special needs enrollment, academic progress, historical completion rate, and student location among others. Changes to these inputs and assumptions could have a material impact on the amount of expected annual funding, and thus revenues recognized. Auditing enrollment figures involved especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to properly address inputs within the enrollment figures related to funding-based contracts.

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:

- Testing  the  design  and  operating  effectiveness  of  internal  controls  relating  to  the  determination  of  enrollment figures  including  the  monthly  review  of  projected  student  counts  and  review  of  schools'  funding  calculations. These  controls  include  review  of  the  reasonableness  of  assumptions  used  and  the  appropriateness  of methodologies  used  to  determine  enrollment  figures  pursuant  to  the  Company's  interpretation  of  the  states' enrollment definitions.
- Testing  the  completeness,  existence,  and  accuracy  of  enrollment  calculations  by  validating  a  sample  of underlying student data and assumptions used as inputs through the inspection of relevant source documents including admission records, report cards, and third-party support.
- Testing the Company's computations of enrollment figures and state estimated funding for a sample of schools through recalculating the mathematical accuracy of the calculations.
- Performing a retrospective review of funding on a school by school basis and investigating variances outside of predetermined thresholds through the inspection of relevant source documents.

## /s/ BDO USA, LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2005. Potomac, Maryland August 9, 2022

## STRIDE, INC.

## CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

| June 30,  2022  2021  (In thousands except share and  per share data)  ASSETS  Current assets  Cash and cash equivalents  $  389,398  $  386,080  Accounts receivable, net of allowance of $ 26,993 and $21,384  418,558  369,303  Inventories, net  36,003  39,690  Prepaid expenses  25,974  19,453  Other current assets  80,601  43,004  Total current assets  950,534  857,530  Operating lease right-of-use assets, net  85,457  94,671  Property and equipment, net  61,537  72,069  Capitalized software, net  71,800  57,308  Capitalized curriculum development costs, net  50,580  50,376  Intangible assets, net  88,669  99,480  Goodwill  241,022  240,353  Deposits and other assets  93,946  105,510  Total assets  $  1,643,545  $  1,577,297  LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  Current liabilities  Accounts payable  $  61,997  $  62,144  Accrued liabilities  63,200  77,642  Accrued compensation and benefits  73,027  80,363  Deferred revenue  53,630  38,110  Current portion of finance lease liability  37,389  27,336  Current portion of operating lease liability  12,830  20,649  Total current liabilities  302,073  306,244  Long-term finance lease liability  28,888  41,568  Long-term operating lease liability  75,127  77,458  Long-term debt  411,438  299,271  Deferred tax liability  3,205  31,853  Other long-term liabilities  10,233  16,255  Total liabilities  830,964  772,649  Commitments and contingencies  Stockholders' equity  Preferred stock, par value $0.0001; 10,000,000 shares authorized; zero shares  issued or outstanding  -  -  Common stock, par value $0.0001; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 48,112,664  and 46,911,527 shares issued; and 42,777,921 and 41,576,784 shares  outstanding, respectively  4  4  Additional paid-in capital  687,454  795,449  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)  143  (474)  Retained earnings  227,462  112,151  Treasury stock of 5,334,743 shares at cost  (102,482)  (102,482)  Total stockholders' equity  812,581  804,648  Total liabilities and stockholders' equity  $  1,643,545  $  1,577,297   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

## STRIDE, INC.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  2020  (In thousands except share and per share data)  Revenues  $  1,686,666  $  1,536,760  $  1,040,765  Instructional costs and services  1,090,191  1,001,860  693,232  Gross margin  596,475  534,900  347,533  Selling, general, and administrative expenses  439,847  424,444  315,076  Income from operations  156,628  110,456  32,457  Interest income (expense), net  (8,277)  (17,979)  698  Other income (expense), net  (1,277)  2,829  272  Income before income taxes and income (loss) from equity  method investments  147,074  95,306  33,427  Income tax expense  (40,088)  (24,539)  (8,541)  Income (loss) from equity method investments  144  684  (380)  Net income attributable to common stockholders  $  107,130  $  71,451  $  24,506  Net income attributable to common stockholders per share:  Basic  $  2.58  $  1.78  $  0.62  Diluted  $  2.52  $  1.71  $  0.60  Weighted average shares used in computing per share  amounts:  Basic  41,451,101  40,211,016  39,478,928  Diluted  42,441,524  41,868,580  40,663,224   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

## STRIDE, INC.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  2020  (In thousands)  Net income  $ 107,130  $  71,451  $ 24,506  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:  Foreign currency translation adjustment  617  (567)  133  Comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders  $ 107,747  $  70,884  $ 24,639   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

## STRIDE, INC.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

| Stride, Inc. Stockholders' Equity  Accumulated  Additional  Other  Common Stock  Paid-in  Comprehensive  Retained  Treasury Stock  (In thousands except share data)  Shares  Amount  Capital  Income (Loss)  Earnings  Shares  Amount  Total  Balance, June 30, 2019  45,575,236  $  4  $  713,436  $  (40)  $  22,447  (5,334,743)  $(102,482)  $  633,365  Net income  -  -  -  -  24,506  -  -  24,506  Foreign currency translation adjustment  -  -  -  133  -  -  -  133  Stock-based compensation expense  -  -  24,022  -  -  -  -  24,022  Exercise of stock options  4,000  -  64  -  -  -  -  64  Vesting of performance share units, net of tax  withholding  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Issuance of restricted stock awards  1,126,227  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Forfeiture of restricted stock awards  (79,541)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Repurchase of restricted stock for tax withholding  (284,295)  -  (6,761)  -  -  -  -  (6,761)  Balance, June 30, 2020  46,341,627  $  4  $  730,761  $  93  $  46,953  (5,334,743)  $(102,482)  $  675,329  Adjustment related to the adoption of new  accounting guidance  -  -  -  -  (6,253)  -  -  (6,253)  Net income  -  -  -  -  71,451  -  -  71,451  Foreign currency translation adjustment  -  -  -  (567)  -  -  -  (567)  Stock-based compensation expense  -  -  38,927  -  -  -  -  38,927  Exercise of stock options  990,067  -  748  -  -  -  -  748  Withholding of stock options for tax withholding  (655,219)  -  (10,885)  -  -  -  -  (10,885)  Equity component of convertible senior notes, net  of issuance costs and taxes  -  -  105,502  -  -  -  -  105,502  Purchases of capped calls in connection with  convertible senior notes  -  -  (60,354)  -  -  -  -  (60,354)  Vesting of performance share units, net of tax  withholding  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Issuance of restricted stock awards  578,070  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Forfeiture of restricted stock awards  (82,419)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Repurchase of restricted stock for tax withholding  (260,599)  -  (9,250)  -  -  -  -  (9,250)  Balance, June 30, 2021  46,911,527  $  4  $  795,449  $  (474)  $ 112,151  (5,334,743)  $(102,482)  $  804,648  Adjustment related to the adoption of new  accounting guidance  -  -  (89,460)  -  8,181  (81,279)  Net income  -  -  -  -  107,130  -  -  107,130  Foreign currency translation adjustment  -  -  -  617  -  -  -  617  Stock-based compensation expense  -  -  19,021  -  -  -  -  19,021  Exercise of stock options  29,100  -  414  -  -  -  -  414  Vesting of performance share units, net of tax  withholding  1,017,380  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Issuance of restricted stock awards  582,273  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Forfeiture of restricted stock awards  (160,795)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Repurchase of restricted stock for tax withholding  (266,821)  -  (37,970)  -  -  -  -  (37,970)  Balance, June 30, 2022  48,112,664  $  4  $  687,454  $  143  $ 227,462  (5,334,743)  $(102,482)  $  812,581   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

## STRIDE, INC.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  2020  (In thousands)  Cash flows from operating activities  Net income  $  107,130  $  71,451  $  24,506  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by  operating activities:  Depreciation and amortization expense  97,914  90,077  72,091  Stock-based compensation expense  18,570  39,333  23,609  Deferred income taxes  1,190  2,549  (1,305)  Provision for doubtful accounts  15,673  6,561  2,882  Amortization of discount and fees on debt  1,573  12,620  -  Noncash operating lease expense  19,810  19,567  11,827  Other  9,949  9,766  7,751  Changes in assets and liabilities:  Accounts receivable  (57,501)  (143,073)  (37,772)  Inventories, prepaid expenses, deposits and other current and long-term  assets  4,798  (39,164)  (16,181)  Accounts payable  11  18,930  (6,213)  Accrued liabilities  7,598  15,899  7,424  Accrued compensation and benefits  (7,465)  32,437  3,103  Operating lease liability  (20,742)  (21,025)  (13,124)  Deferred revenue and other liabilities  8,376  18,222  1,817  Net cash provided by operating activities  206,884  134,150  80,415  Cash flows from investing activities  Purchase of property and equipment  (9,748)  (3,567)  (1,677)  Capitalized software development costs  (42,191)  (31,264)  (23,988)  Capitalized curriculum development costs  (15,687)  (17,432)  (19,332)  Sale of long-lived assets  -  223  -  Sale of other investments  5,261  -  -  Acquisition of Galvanize, Inc., net of cash acquired  -  -  (167,995)  Acquisition of MedCerts, LLC, net of cash acquired  -  (55,031)  -  Acquisition of Tech Elevator, Inc., net of cash acquired  -  (16,107)  -  Other acquisitions, loans and investments, net of distributions  (3,899)  (1,723)  (4,373)  Proceeds from the maturity of marketable securities  40,163  -  -  Purchases of marketable securities  (84,657)  (40,542)  -  Net cash used in investing activities  (110,758)  (165,443)  (217,365)  Cash flows from financing activities  Repayments on finance lease obligations  (33,011)  (24,315)  (27,675)  Borrowings from credit facility  -  -  105,000  Repayments on credit facility  -  (100,000)  (5,000)  Issuance of convertible senior notes, net of issuance costs  -  408,610  -  Purchases of capped calls in connection with convertible senior notes  -  (60,354)  -  Payments of deferred purchase consideration  (22,858)  -  -  Proceeds from exercise of stock options  414  748  64  Withholding of stock options for tax withholding  -  (10,885)  -  Repurchase of restricted stock for income tax withholding  (37,855)  (9,228)  (6,761)  Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities  (93,310)  204,576  65,628  Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  2,816  173,283  (71,322)  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period  386,582  213,299  284,621  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period  $  389,398  $  386,582  $  213,299  Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to  balance sheet as of June 30th:  Cash and cash equivalents  $  389,398  $  386,080  $  212,299  Other current assets (restricted cash)  -  502  500  Deposits and other assets (restricted cash)  -  -  500  Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  $  389,398  $  386,582  $  213,299   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

## 1. Description of the Business

Stride, Inc., together with its subsidiaries ('Stride' or the 'Company') is an education services company providing virtual and blended learning. On December 16, 2020, the Company changed its name from K12 Inc. to Stride, Inc. The brand  reflects  the  Company's  continued  growth  into  lifelong  learning,  regardless  of  a  student's  age  or  location.  The Company's  technology-based  products  and  services  enable  its  clients  to  attract,  enroll,  educate,  track  progress,  and support  students.  These  products  and  services,  spanning  curriculum,  systems,  instruction,  and  support  services  are designed to help learners of all ages reach their full potential through inspired teaching and personalized learning. The Company's clients  are  primarily  public  and  private  schools,  school  districts,  and  charter  boards.  Additionally,  it  offers solutions  to  employers,  government  agencies  and  consumers.  These  products  and  services  are  provided  through two lines of revenue:

- Products and services for the General Education market are predominantly focused on core subjects, including math,  English,  science  and  history,  for  kindergarten  through  twelfth  grade  students  to  help  build  a  common foundation of knowledge.  Programs utilizing General Education products and services are for students that are not  specializing  in  any  particular  curriculum  or  course  of  study.    These  programs  provide  an  alternative  to traditional school options and address a range of student needs including, safety concerns, increased academic support, scheduling flexibility, physical/health restrictions or advanced learning. Products and services are sold as a comprehensive school-as-a-service offering or à la carte.
- Career Learning products and services are focused on developing skills to enter and succeed in careers in highgrowth, in-demand  industries-including  information technology, health care and general business.    The Company provides middle and high school students with Career Learning programs that complement their core general  education  coursework  in  math,  English,  science  and  history.  Stride  offers  multiple  career  pathways supported by a diverse catalog of Career Learning courses. The middle school program exposes students to a variety  of  career  options  and  introduces  career  skill  development.  In  high  school,  students  may  engage  in industry  content  pathway  courses,  project-based  learning  in  virtual  teams,  and  career  development  services. High  school  students  also  have  the  opportunity  to  progress  toward  certifications,  connect  with  industry professionals,  earn  college  credits  while  in  high  school,  and  participate  in  job  shadowing  and/or  work-based learning experiences that are required to succeed in today's digital, tech-enabled economy.  A student enrolled in a  school  that  offers  Stride's  General  Education  program  may  elect  to  take  Career  Learning  courses,  but  that student  and  the  associated  revenue  is  reported  as  a  General  Education  enrollment  and  General  Education revenue. A student and the associated revenue is counted as a Career Learning enrollment or Career Learning revenue only if the student is enrolled in a Career Learning program or school. Like General Education products and services, the products and services for the Career Learning market are sold as a comprehensive school-asa-service offering or à la carte.  The Company also offers focused post-secondary career learning programs to adult learners, through Galvanize, Inc. ('Galvanize'), Tech Elevator, Inc. ('Tech Elevator'), and MedCerts, LLC ('MedCerts'). These include skills training in  the software engineering, healthcare, and medical fields, as well as providing  staffing  and  talent  development  services  to  employers.  These  programs  are  offered  directly  to consumers, as well as to employers and government agencies.

## 2. Basis of Presentation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

The  Company  operates  in  one  operating  and reportable  business  segment  as  a  technology-based  education company  providing  proprietary  and  third-party  curriculum,  software  systems  and  educational  services  designed  to facilitate individualized learning for students and adults. The Chief Operating Decision Maker evaluates profitability based on consolidated results.

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

## 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Recent Accounting Pronouncements

## Accounting Standards Adopted

On July 1, 2021, the Company early adopted Accounting Standards Update ('ASU') 2020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion  and  Other  Options  (Subtopic  470-20)  and  Derivatives  and  Hedging-  Contracts  in  Entity's  Own  Equity (Subtopic  815-40) ('ASU 2020-06') which, among other things, simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by eliminating  the  requirement  to  separate  conversion  features  from  the  host  contract.  Consequently,  a  convertible  debt instrument is accounted for as a single liability measured at its amortized cost and interest expense will be recognized at the coupon rate. The adoption resulted in the elimination of the debt discount (and related deferred tax liability) that had been recorded within equity (see Note 7, 'Debt'). The net impact of the adjustments was recorded to the opening balance of  retained  earnings,  as  presented  in  the  statement  of  stockholders'  equity.  The  impacts  to  the  consolidated  balance sheet were the following: (1) increase of $110.6 million to long-term debt, (2) decrease of $ 89.5 million to additional paid-in capital, (3) decrease of $29.3 million to deferred tax liability, and (4) increase to retained earnings of $ 8.2 million.

During  the  second  quarter  of  fiscal  year  2022,  the  Company  early  adopted  ASU  2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805)-Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers ('ASU 2021-08') which, among other things, simplifies the accounting for deferred revenue (a contract liability) that is measured and recognized as part of a business combination. ASU 2021-08 requires that deferred revenue be measured as if the acquirer had originated the contracts, which, for the most part, results in no change to the value of deferred revenue when measured in purchase accounting. The Company was required to adopt ASU 2021-08 on a retrospective basis for any acquisitions that occurred since July 1, 2021, and prospectively to future acquisitions. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact to the consolidated financial statements and there were no material acquisitions from July 1, 2021 to adoption.

## Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted

In  March  2020,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  ('FASB')  issued  ASU  2020-04, Reference  Rate Reform (Topic  848) ('ASU  2020-04')  which  provides  relief  to  companies  that  will  be  impacted  by  the  cessation  of reference rate reform, e.g. LIBOR, that is tentatively planned for the end of calendar year 2022. The ASU permits an entity  to  consider  contract  modifications  due  to  reference  rate  reform  to  be  an  event  that  does  not  require  contract remeasurement. This ASU is applicable from March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022 and adoption is permitted at any time during the period on a prospective basis. The Company determined that the adoption of this standard will not have a material impact to the consolidated financial statements.

## Use of Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in  the  United  States  of  America  ('GAAP')  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and  assumptions  affecting  the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, the Company  evaluates  its  estimates  and  assumptions,  including  those  related  to  the  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts, inventory  reserves,  amortization  periods,  the  allocation  of  purchase  price  to  the  fair  value  of  net  assets  and  liabilities acquired  in  business  combinations,  fair  values  used  in  asset  impairment  evaluations,  valuation  of  long-lived  assets, accrual for incurred but not reported ('IBNR') claims, contingencies, income taxes, fair value of contingent consideration and  stock-based  compensation  expense.  The  Company  bases  its  estimates  on  historical  experience  and  various assumptions  that  it  believes  are  reasonable  under  the  circumstances.  The  results  of  the  analysis  form  the  basis  for making assumptions about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

## Revenue Recognition

Revenue  is  recognized  when  control  of  the  promised  goods  or  services  is  transferred  to  the  Company's customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services using the following steps:

- identify the contract, or contracts, with a customer;
- identify the performance obligations in the contract;
- determine the transaction price;
- allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
- recognize revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation.

Revenues related to the products and services that the Company provides to students in kindergarten through twelfth grade or adult learners are considered to be General Education or Career Learning based on the school or adult program  in  which  the  student  is  enrolled.  General  Education  products  and  services  are  focused  on  core  subjects, including  math,  English,  science  and  history,  for  kindergarten  through  twelfth  grade  students  to  help  build  a  common foundation of knowledge. Career Learning products and services are focused on developing skills to enter and succeed in careers  in  high-growth,  in-demand  industries-including  information  technology,  business,  and  health  services,  for students in middle school through high school and adult learners.

The majority of the Company's contracts are with the following types of customers:

- a virtual or blended school whereby the amount of revenue is primarily determined by funding the school receives;
- a school or individual who licenses certain curriculum on a subscription or course-by-course basis; or
- an enterprise who contracts with the Company to provide job training.

## Funding-based Contracts

The Company provides an integrated package of systems, services, products, and professional expertise that is administered together to support a virtual or blended public school. Contractual agreements generally span multiple years with performance obligations being isolated to annual periods which generally coincide with the Company's fiscal year. Customers  of  these  programs  can  obtain  administrative  support,  information  technology,  academic  support  services, online  curriculum,  learning  systems  platforms  and  instructional  services  under  the  terms  of  a  negotiated  service agreement. The schools receive funding on a per student basis from the state in which the public school or school district is located. Shipments of materials for schools that occur in the fourth fiscal quarter and for the upcoming school year are recorded in deferred revenue.

The  Company  generates  revenues  under  contracts  with  virtual  and  blended  public  schools  and  include  the following components, where required:

- providing each of a school's students with access to the Company's online school and lessons;
- offline learning kits, which include books and materials to supplement the online lessons;
- the use of a personal computer and associated reclamation services;
- internet access and technology support services;
- instruction by a state-certified teacher; and
- management and technology services  necessary  to  support  a  virtual  or  blended  school.  In  certain  contracts, revenues are determined directly by per enrollment funding.

To determine the pro rata amount of revenue to recognize in a fiscal quarter, the Company estimates the total expected funds each school will receive in a particular school year. Total funds for a school are primarily a function of the number of students enrolled in the school and established per enrollment funding levels, which are generally published on

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

an annual basis by the state or school district. The Company reviews its estimates of funding periodically, and updates as necessary, by adjusting its year-to-date earned revenues to be proportional to the total expected revenues to be earned during the fiscal year. Actual school funding may vary from these estimates and the impact of these differences could impact the Company's results of operations. Since the end of the school year coincides with the end of the Company's fiscal year, annual revenues are generally based on actual school funding and actual costs incurred (including costs for the Company's services to the schools plus other costs the schools may incur). The Company's schools' reported results are  subject  to  annual  school  district  financial  audits,  which  incorporate  enrollment  counts,  funding  and  other  routine financial audit considerations. The results of these audits are incorporated into the Company's monthly funding estimates for the current and prior periods. For the years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company's aggregate funding estimates  differed  from  actual  reimbursements  impacting  total  reported  revenue  by  approximately 1.4%,  (0.1%),  and 0.6%, respectively.

Each state and/or school district has variations in the school funding formulas and methodologies that it uses to estimate funding for revenue recognition at its respective schools. As the Company estimates funding for each school, it takes into account the state definition for count dates on which reported enrollment numbers will be used for per pupil funding. The parameters the Company considers in estimating funding for revenue recognition purposes include school district  count  definitions,  withdrawal  rates,  new  registrations,  average  daily  attendance,  special  needs  enrollment, academic progress, historical completion, student location, funding caps and other state specified categorical program funding.

Under the contracts where the Company provides products and services to schools, the Company is responsible for substantially all of the expenses incurred by the school and has generally agreed to absorb any operating losses of the schools in a given school year. These school operating losses represent the excess of costs incurred over revenues earned by the  virtual  or  blended  public  school  (the  school's  expected  funding),  as  reflected  in  its  respective  financial statements, including Company charges to the schools. To the extent a school does not receive sufficient funding for each student enrolled in the school, the school would still incur costs associated with serving the unfunded enrollment. If losses due to unfunded enrollments result in a net operating loss for the year that loss is reflected as a reduction in the revenues and net receivables that the Company collects from the school. A school net operating loss in one year does not necessarily mean the Company anticipates losing money on the entire contract with the school. However, a school's net operating loss may reduce the Company's ability to collect its management fees in full and recognized revenues are constrained to reflect the expected cash collections from such schools. The Company records the school's estimated net operating loss against revenues based upon the percentage of actual revenues in the period to total estimated revenues for the fiscal year. Actual school net operating losses may vary from these estimates or revisions, and the impact of these differences could have a material impact on results of operations. For the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the  Company's  revenues  included  a  reduction  for  net  school  operating  losses  at  the  schools  of  $36.3  million, $63.4 million, and $45.4 million, respectively. Because the Company has agreed to absorb any operating losses of the schools, the Company records the expenses incurred by the school as both revenue and expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Amounts recorded as revenues and expenses for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were $460.5 million, $412.1 million and $325.5 million, respectively.

## Subscription-based Contracts

The Company provides certain online curriculum and services to schools and school districts under subscription agreements. Revenues from the licensing of curriculum under subscription arrangements are recognized on a ratable basis over the subscription period. Revenues from professional consulting, training and support services are deferred and recognized ratably over the service period.

In addition, the Company contracts with individual customers who have access for  one to two years to companyprovided online curriculum and generally prepay for services to be received. Adult learners enroll in courses that provide specialized training in a specific industry. Each of these contracts are considered to be one performance obligation. The Company recognizes these revenues pro rata over the maximum term of the customer contract based on the defined contract price.

## Enterprise Contracts

The Company provides job training over a specified contract period to enterprises. Each of these contracts are considered to be one performance obligation. The Company recognizes these revenues based on the number of students trained during the term of the contract based on the defined contract price.

## Disaggregated Revenues

The revenue recognition related to the types of contracts discussed above can span both of the Company's lines of  revenue  as  shown  below.  For  example,  a  funding-based  contract  may  include  both  General  Education  and  Career Learning students. In total,  there  is  one  performance  obligation  and  revenue  is  recognized  over  the  Company's  fiscal year.  The  revenue  is  then  disaggregated  between  General  Education  and  Career  Learning  based  on  the  Company's estimated  full-year  enrollment  totals  of  each  category.  During  the  years  ended  June  30,  2022,  2021  and  2020, approximately 89%, 88%,  and 88%, respectively, of the Company's General Education revenues, and  99% , 98% and 99%,  respectively,  of  the  Company's  Middle  -  High  School  Career  Learning  revenues,  were  from  funding-based contracts.

The following table presents the Company's revenues disaggregated based on its  two lines of business for years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  2020  General Education  $  1,273,783  $  1,280,199  $  933,809  Career Learning  Middle - High School  321,416  200,774  96,003  Adult  91,467  55,787  10,953  Total Career Learning  412,883  256,561  106,956  Total Revenues  $  1,686,666  $  1,536,760  $  1,040,765   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Concentration of Customers

During the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had  no contracts that represented greater than 10% of revenues.

## Contract Balances

The  timing  of  revenue  recognition,  invoicing,  and  cash  collection  results  in  accounts  receivable,  unbilled receivables (a contract asset) and deferred revenue (a contract liability) in the consolidated balance sheets. Accounts receivable  are  recorded  when  there  is  an  executed  customer  contract  and  the  customer  is  billed.  An  allowance  is recorded to reflect expected losses at the time the receivable is recorded. The collectability of outstanding receivables is evaluated regularly by the Company to determine if additional allowances are needed. Unbilled receivables are created when revenue is earned prior to the customer being billed. Deferred revenue is recorded when customers are billed or cash is collected in advance of services being provided.

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

The  opening  and  closing  balance  of  the  Company's  accounts  receivable,  unbilled  receivables  and  deferred revenue are as follows:

| June 30,  2022  2021  (In thousands)  Accounts receivable  $  418,558  $  369,303  Unbilled receivables (included in accounts receivable)  19,702  24,794  Deferred revenue  53,630  38,110  Deferred revenue, long-term (included in other long-term liabilities)  3,099  1,973   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The difference between the opening and closing balance of the accounts receivable and unbilled receivables relates  to  the  timing  of  the  Company's  billing  in  relation  to  month  end  and  contractual  agreements.  The  difference between the opening and closing balance of the deferred revenue relates to the timing difference between billings to customers and the service periods under the contract. Typically, each of these balances are at their highest during the first quarter of the fiscal year and lowest at the end of the fiscal year. The amount of revenue recognized during the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, that was included in the previous July 1 st  deferred revenue balance was $38.9 million,  $25.5  million,  and  $21.5  million,  respectively.  During  the  years  ended  June  30,  2022,  2021  and  2020,  the Company  recorded  revenues  of  $20.8  million,  ($1.4)  million  and  $5.9  million,  respectively,  related  to  performance obligations satisfied in prior periods.

## Performance Obligations

A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, and is the unit of account. A contract's transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue  when,  or  as,  the  performance  obligation  is  satisfied.  For  the  majority  of  its  contracts,  the  Company's performance obligations are satisfied over time, as the Company delivers, and the customer receives the services, over the service period of the contract. The Company's payment terms are generally net 30 or net 45, but can vary depending on the customer or when the school receives its funding from the state.

The  Company  has  elected,  as  a  practical  expedient,  not  to  report  the  value  of  unsatisfied  performance obligations for contracts with customers that have an expected duration of one year or less. The amount of unsatisfied performance  obligations  for  contracts  with  customers  which  extend  beyond one  year  as  of  June  30,  2022  was  $ 3.1 million.

## Significant Judgments

The Company determined that the majority of its contracts with customers contain one performance obligation. The Company markets the products and services as an integrated package building off its curriculum offerings. It does not market distinct products or services to be sold independently from the curriculum offering. The Company provides the significant service of integrating the goods and services into the operation of the school and education of its students, for which the customer has contracted.

The  Company  has  determined  that  the  time  elapsed  method  is  the  most  appropriate  measure  of  progress towards  the  satisfaction  of  the  performance  obligation.  Generally,  the  Company  delivers  the  integrated  products  and services package over the course of the Company's fiscal year. This package includes enrollment, marketing, teacher training, etc. in addition to the core curriculum and instruction. All of these activities are necessary and contribute to the overall education of its students, which occurs evenly throughout the year. Accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue on a straight-line basis.

The Company determined that the expected value method is the most appropriate method to account for variable consideration  and  the  Company's  forecasting  method  is  an  estimation  process  that  uses  probability  to  determine expected funding. On a monthly basis, the Company estimates the total funds each school will receive in a particular school year and the amount of full-year school revenues and operating expenses to determine the amount of revenue the Company will

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

recognize. Enrollment and state funding rates are key inputs to this estimate. The estimates are adjusted monthly, and a cumulative catch-up adjustment is recorded to revenue as necessary to reflect the total revenues earned to date to be proportional  to  the  total  revenues  to  be  earned  in  the  fiscal  year.  The  Company  builds  in  known  constraints  (i.e. enrollment, funding, net operating losses, etc.) into the estimate of the variable consideration to record the most probable amount.

## Sales Taxes

Sales tax collected from customers is excluded from revenues. Collected but unremitted sales tax is included as part of accrued liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Revenues do not include sales tax as the Company considers itself a pass-through conduit for collecting and remitting sales tax.

## Shipping and Handling Costs

Shipping and handling costs are expensed when incurred and are classified as instructional costs and services in the  accompanying  consolidated  statements  of  operations.  Shipping  and  handling  charges  invoiced  to  a  customer  are included in revenues.

## Research and Development Costs

All research and development costs, including patent application costs, are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs totaled $7.5 million, $3.7 million and $9.7 million for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively,  and  are  included  within  selling,  general  and  administrative  expenses  in  the  consolidated  statements  of operations.

## Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash

Cash  and  cash  equivalents  generally  consist  of  cash  on  hand  and  cash  held  in  money  market  and  demand deposit  accounts.  The  Company  considers  all  highly  liquid  investments  with  maturities  of  three  months  or  less  when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company periodically has cash balances which exceed federally insured limits.

Restricted cash consists of amounts held in escrow related to the Company's settlement agreement with Agora Cyber Charter School. The restricted cash which is short-term in nature is included in other current assets, while the portion that is long-term is included in deposits and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.

## Investments in Marketable Securities

The Company's marketable securities  generally  consist  of  bonds  and  other  securities  which  are  classified  as held-to-maturity. The securities with maturities between three months and one year are classified as short-term and are included in other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The securities with maturities greater than one year are classified as long-term and are included in deposits and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Held-tomaturity  securities  are  recorded  at  their  amortized  cost.  Interest  income  and  dividends  are  recorded  within  the consolidated statements of operations.

The Company reviews the held-to-maturity  debt  securities  for  declines  in  fair  value  below  the  amortized  cost basis under the credit loss model of ASC Topic 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses ('ASC 326'). Any decline in fair value related to a credit loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations, with the amount of the loss limited to the difference between fair value and amortized cost. As of June 30, 2022 and 2021, the allowance for credit losses related to held-to-maturity debt securities was zero.

As of June 30, 2022, the Company's marketable securities consisted of investments in corporate bonds, U.S. treasury  notes  and  commercial  paper.  The  short-term  and  long-term  portions  were  $63.0  million  and  $21.7  million, respectively. The maturities of the Company's long-term marketable debt securities range from one to two years. The

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

following table summarizes the amortized cost, net carrying amount, and fair value disaggregated by class of instrument (in thousands).

| Allowance for  Net Carrying  Gross Unrealized  Amortized Cost  Credit Losses  Amount  Gains (Losses)  Fair Value  Corporate Bonds  $  50,067  $  -  $  50,067  $  (691)  $  49,376  U.S. Treasury Notes  16,399  -  16,399  (199)  16,200  Commercial Paper  18,186  -  18,186  -  18,186  Total  $  84,652  $  -  $  84,652  $  (890)  $  83,762   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of June 30, 2021, the Company's marketable securities consisted of investments in corporate bonds, U.S. treasury  notes,  and  commercial  paper.  The  short-term  and  long-term  portions  were  $17.3  million  and  $23.2  million, respectively. The maturities of the Company's long-term marketable debt securities range from one  to two  years. The following table summarizes the amortized cost, net carrying amount, and fair value disaggregated by class of instrument (in thousands).

| Allowance for  Net Carrying  Gross Unrealized  Amortized Cost  Credit Losses  Amount  Gains (Losses)  Fair Value  Corporate Bonds  $  28,852  $  -  $  28,852  $  (24)  $  28,828  U.S. Treasury Notes  8,692  -  8,692  -  8,692  Commercial Paper  2,998  -  2,998  -  2,998  Total  $  40,542  $  -  $  40,542  $  (24)  $  40,518   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

The Company maintains an allowance for uncollectible accounts primarily for estimated losses resulting from the inability  or  failure  of  individual  customers  to  make  required  payments.  The  Company  analyzes  accounts  receivable, historical percentages of uncollectible accounts, and changes in payment history when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for uncollectible accounts. The Company maintains an allowance under ASC 326 based on historical losses, customer-specific information, current economic conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. The allowance under ASC 326 is updated as additional losses are incurred or information becomes available related to the customer or economic conditions.

The Company's allowance for doubtful accounts increased from $ 21.4 million as of June 30, 2021 to $ 27.0 million as of June 30, 2022. The increase of $5.6 million is comprised of an $8.6 million provision, less $ 3.0 million of amounts recovered. The Company's allowance for doubtful accounts increased from $6.8 million as of June 30, 2020 to $ 21.4 million as of June 30, 2021. The increase of $14.6 million is comprised of a $ 6.6 million provision, $8.5 million related to the initial adoption of ASC 326, less $0.5 million of amounts recovered.

The Company writes-off accounts receivable based on the age of the receivable and the facts and circumstances surrounding the customer and reasons for non-payment. Actual write-offs might differ from the recorded allowance.

## Inventories

Inventories consist primarily of textbooks and curriculum materials, a majority of which are supplied to virtual and blended public schools, and utilized directly by students. Inventories represent items that are purchased and held for sale and  are  recorded  at  the  lower  of  cost  (first-in,  first-out  method)  or  net  realizable  value.  The  Company  classifies  its inventory as current or long-term based on the holding period. As of June 30, 2022 and 2021, $11.2 million and $8.8 million, respectively, of inventory, net of reserves, was deemed long-term and included in deposits and other assets on the  consolidated  balance  sheets.  The  provision  for  excess  and  obsolete  inventory  is  established  based  upon  the evaluation of

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

the quantity on hand relative to demand. The excess and obsolete inventory reserve was $ 6.5 million and $5.6 million at June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## Other Current Assets

Other current assets consist primarily of textbooks, curriculum materials and other supplies which are expected to be returned upon the completion of the school year. Materials not returned are expensed as part of instructional costs and services. Additionally, other current assets include short-term marketable securities.

## Property and Equipment

Property  and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated  depreciation  and  amortization.  Depreciation  and amortization expense is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset (or the lesser of  the  term  of  the  lease  and  the  estimated  useful  life  of  the  asset  under  the  finance  lease).  Amortization  of  assets capitalized  under  finance  lease  arrangements  is  included  in  depreciation  expense.  Leasehold  improvements  are amortized over the lesser of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset. The determination of the lease term is discussed below under 'Leases.'

Property and equipment are depreciated over the following useful lives:

| Useful Life  Student and state testing computers  3 - 5 years  Computer hardware  3 - 7 years  Computer software  3 - 5 years  Web site development  3 years  Office equipment  5 years  Furniture and fixtures  7 years  Leasehold improvements  Shorter of useful life or term of the lease   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company makes an estimate of unreturned student computers based on an analysis of recent trends of returns. The Company recorded accelerated depreciation of $3.8 million, $3.2 million and $2.4 million for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to unreturned student computers.

The  Company  fully  expenses  computer  peripheral  equipment  (e.g.  keyboards,  mouses)  upon  purchase  as recovery has been determined to be uneconomical. These expenses totaled $8.6 million, $6.3 million and $3.8 million for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are recorded as instructional costs and services.

## Capitalized Software Costs

The Company develops software for internal use. Software development costs incurred during the application development stage are capitalized. The Company amortizes these costs over the estimated useful life of the software, which is generally three years. Capitalized software development costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortization.

Capitalized  software  additions  totaled  $42.2  million,  $31.3  million  and  $24.0  million  for  the  years  ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were no material write-downs of capitalized software projects for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

## Capitalized Curriculum Development Costs

The Company internally develops curriculum, which is primarily provided as online content and accessed via the Internet. The Company also creates textbooks and other materials that are complementary to online content.

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

The Company capitalizes curriculum development costs incurred during the application development stage, as well as the design and deployment phases of the project. As a result, a significant portion of the Company's courseware development  costs  qualify  for  capitalization  due  to  the  concentration  of  its  development  efforts  on  the  content  of  the courseware.  Capitalization  ends  when  a  course  is  available  for  general  release  to  its  customers,  at  which  time amortization of the capitalized costs begins. The period of time over which these development costs are amortized is generally five years.

Total  capitalized  curriculum  development  additions  were  $ 15.7 million, $17.4  million  and  $19.3  million  for  the years  ended  June  30,  2022,  2021  and  2020,  respectively.  These  amounts  are  recorded  on  the  accompanying consolidated balance sheets, net of amortization charges. There were no material write-downs of capitalized curriculum development costs for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

## Leases

The  Company's  principal  leasing  activities  include  student  computers  and  peripherals,  classified  as  finance leases, and facilities, classified as operating leases.

Leases are classified as operating leases unless they meet any of the criteria below to be classified as a finance lease:

- the lease transfers ownership of the asset at the end of the lease;
- the lease grants an option to purchase the asset which the lessee is expected to exercise;
- the lease term reflects a major part of the asset's economic life;
- the present value of the lease payments equals or exceeds the fair value of the asset; or
- the asset is specialized with no alternative use to the lessor at the end of the term.

## Finance Leases

The Company enters into agreements to finance the purchase of student computers and peripherals provided to students of its schools. Individual leases typically include 1 to 3-year payment terms, at varying rates, with a  $1 purchase option at the end of each lease term. The Company pledges the assets financed to secure the outstanding leases.

## Operating Leases

The Company enters into agreements for facilities that serve as offices for its headquarters, sales and enrollment teams, and school operations. Initial lease terms vary between 1  and 17 years. Certain leases include renewal options, usually based upon current market rates, as well as termination rights. The Company performs an evaluation of each lease to determine if the lease payments included in the renewal option should be included in the initial measurement of the lease liability.

## Discount Rate

The present value of the lease payments is calculated using either the rate implicit in the lease, or the lessee's incremental borrowing rate, over the lease term. For the Company's finance leases, the stated rate is defined within the lease terms; while for the Company's operating leases, the rate is not implicit. For operating leases, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate; determined as the Company's borrowing rate on a collateralized basis for a similar term and amount to the term and amount of the lease. The Company's current incremental borrowing rate of 3.50%  is  based  upon  its  agreements  used  for  its  finance  leases.  The  incremental  borrowing  rate  is  subsequently reassessed upon modification of its leasing arrangements or with the execution of a new lease agreement.

## Policy Elections

## Short-term Leases

The Company has elected as an on-going accounting policy election not to record a right-of-use asset or lease liability on its short-term facility leases of 12 months or less and will expense its lease payments on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The accounting policy election is made by class of underlying asset to which the right of use relates. The Company has elected to apply the accounting policy election only to operating leases.

## Goodwill and Intangible Assets

The Company records as goodwill the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired. Finite-lived intangible assets acquired in business combinations subject to amortization are recorded at their  fair  value.  Finite-lived  intangible  assets  include  trade  names,  acquired  customers  and  distributors,  developed technology  and  non-compete  agreements.  Such  intangible  assets  are  amortized  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  their estimated  useful  lives.  Amortization  expense  for  the  years  ended  June  30,  2022,  2021  and  2020  was  $13.0  million, $11.6 million and $6.1 million, respectively, and is included within selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated  statements  of  operations.  Future  amortization  of  intangible  assets  is  expected  to  be  $12.9  million, $11.9 million, $10.7 million, $9.6 million and $7.9 million in the fiscal years ending June 30, 2023 through June 30, 2027, respectively and $35.4 million thereafter.

The  Company  reviews  its  finite-lived  intangible  assets  for  impairment  whenever  events  or  changes  in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be fully recoverable. If the total of the expected undiscounted  future  cash  flows  is  less  than  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset,  a  loss  is  recognized  for  the  difference between fair value and the carrying value of the asset.

The Company has one reporting unit. The process for testing goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment is performed annually, as well as when an event triggering impairment may have occurred. Companies are also allowed to qualitatively assess goodwill impairment through a screening process which would permit companies to forgo the quantitative impairment test as part of their annual goodwill impairment process. The Company performs its annual assessment on May 31st, which is then updated for any changes in condition as of June 30 th .

During the year ended June 30, 2022, there were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying amount of the goodwill was impaired.

During the year ended June 30, 2021 , the Company qualitatively assessed its goodwill and intangible assets for impairment. It identified Coronavirus disease 2019 ('COVID-19') as a triggering event, however there were no indicators that the fair value of the reporting unit may be less than its carrying amount, and as a result, the Company determined that no impairment was required.

On November 30, 2020, the Company acquired  100% of MedCerts in exchange for $70.0 million and estimated contingent consideration of $10.8 million; and 100% of Tech Elevator in exchange for $ 23.5 million, plus working capital of $2.2 million. The Company's acquisitions are discussed in more detail in Note 12, 'Acquisitions and Investments.'

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

The  following  table  represents  goodwill  additions/reductions  resulting  from  the  acquisitions  mentioned  above during the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| ($ in millions)  Amount  Goodwill  Balance as of June 30, 2020  $  174.9  Acquisition of MedCerts, LLC  51.1  Acquisition of Tech Elevator, Inc.  17.9  Adjustments related to Galvanize, Inc.  (3.5)  Balance as of June 30, 2021  $  240.4  Acquisition of Modern Teacher LLC  0.6  Balance as of June 30, 2022  $  241.0   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table represents the balance of the Company's intangible assets as of June 30, 2022 and 2021:

| June 30, 2022  June 30, 2021  ($ in millions)  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net  Carrying  Value  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net  Carrying  Value  Trade names  $  85.1     $  (23.1)    $  62.0  $  84.5  $  (17.4)  $  67.1  Customer and distributor relationships  38.9  (25.3)  13.6  37.7  (21.2)  16.5  Developed technology  21.7  (8.9)  12.8  21.3  (5.7)  15.6  Other  1.4  (1.1)  0.3  1.4  (1.1)  0.3  Total  $ 147.1  $  (58.4)  $  88.7  $ 144.9    $  (45.4)  $  99.5   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

Long-lived assets include property, equipment,  right-of-use assets, capitalized curriculum  and  software developed or obtained for internal use. Management reviews the Company's recorded long-lived assets for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be fully recoverable. The Company determines the extent to which an asset may be impaired based upon its expectation of the asset's future usability as well as on a reasonable assurance that the future cash flows associated with the asset will be in  excess  of  its  carrying  amount.  If  the  total  of  the  expected  undiscounted  future  cash  flows  is  less  than  the  carrying amount of the asset, a loss is recognized for the difference between fair value and the carrying value of the asset. During the year ended June 30, 2022, there were no events or changes in circumstances that may indicate that the carrying amount of the long-lived assets may not be recoverable. During the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company identified COVID-19 as a triggering event, however based on its assessment, the Company determined that COVID-19 did not impact the recoverability of its long-lived assets.

## Income Taxes

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  computed  based  on  the  difference  between  the  financial  reporting  and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate. The net deferred tax asset is reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax asset will not be realized.

## Stock-Based Compensation

The Company estimates the fair value of share-based awards on the date of grant. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the closing price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. Certain restricted stock awards with a market-based performance component are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model that considers a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the Company's common stock price, risk-free rate, and expected stock price

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

volatility over the expected life of awards. The Company recognizes forfeitures of share-based awards as they occur in the period of forfeiture.

## Advertising and Marketing Costs

Advertising and marketing costs consist primarily of internet advertising, online marketing, direct mail, print media and television commercials and are expensed when incurred.  Advertising costs totaled $86.5 million, $60.3 million and $63.1 million for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included within selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Advertising costs previously reported for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 totaled $23.0 million and $32.7 million, respectively, and excluded $37.3 million and $30.4 million  of  advertising  costs  incurred  during  the  respective  fiscal  years.    These  disclosure  modifications  have  no effect on the Company's consolidated balance sheets, results of operations or cash flows and are considered immaterial to the previously issued annual consolidated financial statements.

## Fair Value Measurements

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability, in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Measurements are described in a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.

The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are:

- Level  1:      Inputs  based  on  quoted  market  prices  for  identical  assets  or  liabilities  in  active  markets  at  the measurement date.
- Level 2:   Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities  in  active  markets;  quoted  prices  for  identical  or  similar  assets  and  liabilities  in  markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.
- Level 3:    Inputs reflect management's best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. The inputs are unobservable in the market and significant to the instrument's valuation.

The carrying values reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, receivables, and short term debt approximate their fair values, as they are largely short-term in nature. The contingent consideration and Tallo, Inc. convertible note are discussed in more detail in Note 12, 'Acquisitions and Investments.' As of  June  30,  2022,  the  estimated  fair  value  of  the  long-term  debt  was  $415.3  million.  The  Company  estimated  the  fair value based on the quoted market prices in an inactive market on the last day of the reporting period (Level 2). The longterm debt, comprised of the Company's convertible senior notes due 2027, is recorded at face value less the unamortized debt  issuance  costs  on  its  consolidated  balance  sheet,  and  is  discussed  in  more  detail  in  Note  7,  'Debt.'  As  of June  30,  2022,  the  estimated  fair  value  of  the  Company's  marketable  securities  was  $83.8  million.  The  Company estimated the fair value based on the quoted market prices in an inactive market on the last day of the reporting period (Level 2). The marketable securities are discussed in more detail in Note 3, 'Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Investments in Marketable Securities.'

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

The following table summarizes certain fair value information at June 30, 2022 for assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis.

| Fair Value Measurements Using:  Quoted Prices  in Active  Significant  Markets for  Other  Significant  Identical  Observable  Unobservable  Assets  Input  Inputs  Description  Fair Value  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3)  (In thousands)  Contingent consideration associated with acquisitions  $  11,290  $  -  $  -  $  11,290  Convertible note received in acquisition  889  -  -  889   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table summarizes certain fair value information at June 30, 2021 for assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis.

| Fair Value Measurements Using:  Quoted Prices  in Active  Significant  Markets for  Other  Significant  Identical  Observable  Unobservable  Assets  Input  Inputs  Description  Fair Value  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3)  (In thousands)  Contingent consideration associated with acquisitions  $  11,082  $  -  $  -  $  11,082  Convertible note received in acquisition  $  5,006  $  -  $  -  $  5,006   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents activity related to the Company's fair value measurements categorized as Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy, valued on a recurring basis, for the year ended June 30, 2022.

| Year Ended June 30, 2022  Purchases,  Fair Value  Issuances,  Unrealized  Fair Value  Description  June 30, 2021  and Settlements      Gains (Losses)     June 30, 2022  (In thousands)  Contingent consideration associated with acquisitions  $  11,082  $  -  $  208  $  11,290  Convertible note received in acquisition  5,006  -  (4,117)  889   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents activity related to the Company's fair value measurements categorized as Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy, valued on a recurring basis, for the year ended June 30, 2021.

| Year Ended June 30, 2021  Purchases,  Fair Value  Issuances,  Unrealized  Fair Value  Description  June 30, 2020     and Settlements     Gains (Losses)      June 30, 2021  (In thousands)  Contingent consideration associated with acquisitions  $  -  $  10,833  $  249  $  11,082  Convertible note received in acquisition  $  5,006  $  -  $  -  $  5,006   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents activity related to the Company's fair value measurements categorized as Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy, valued on a recurring basis, for the year ended June 30, 2020.

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

| Year Ended June 30, 2020  Purchases,  Fair Value  Issuances,  Unrealized  Fair Value  Description  June 30, 2019  and Settlements  Gains (Losses)  June 30, 2020  (In thousands)  Convertible note received in acquisition  $  5,006  $  -  $  -  $  5,006   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share

Basic net income (loss) per common share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. The weighted average number of shares of common stock  outstanding  includes  vested  restricted  stock  awards.  Diluted  net  income  (loss)  per  share  ('EPS')  reflects  the potential dilution that could occur assuming conversion or exercise of all dilutive unexercised stock options and vesting of all  dilutive  unvested  restricted  stock  awards.  The  dilutive  effect  of  stock  options  and  restricted  stock  awards  was determined using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the proceeds received from the exercise of stock options and restricted stock awards, the amount of compensation cost for future service not yet recognized by the  Company and the amount of tax benefits that would be recorded as income tax expense when the stock options become deductible for income tax purposes are all assumed to be used to repurchase shares of the Company's common stock. Stock options and restricted stock awards are not included in the computation of diluted net income (loss) per share when they are antidilutive. Common stock outstanding reflected in the Company's consolidated balance sheets includes restricted  stock  awards  outstanding.  The  dilutive  effect  of  the  Company's  convertible  debt  is  determined  using  the  ifconverted method when the Company's stock is trading above the conversion price. However, based on the structure of the instrument and how it is settled upon conversion, it would produce a similar result as the previously applied treasury stock method.

The following schedule presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share:

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  2020  (In thousands except share and per share data)  Basic net income per share computation:  Net income attributable to common stockholders  $  107,130  $  71,451  $  24,506  Weighted average common shares  - basic  41,451,101  40,211,016  39,478,928  Basic net income per share  $  2.58  $  1.78  $  0.62  Diluted net income per share computation:  Net income attributable to common stockholders  $  107,130  $  71,451  $  24,506  Share computation:  Weighted average common shares  - basic  41,451,101  40,211,016  39,478,928  Effect of dilutive stock options and restricted stock awards  990,423  1,657,564  1,184,296  Weighted average common shares  - diluted  42,441,524  41,868,580  40,663,224  Diluted net income per share  $  2.52  $  1.71  $  0.60   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  the  years  ended  June  30,  2022,  2021  and  2020,  shares  issuable  in  connection  with  stock  options  and restricted stock of 4,939, 296,577 and 729,008, respectively, were excluded from the diluted income per common share calculation because the effect would have been antidilutive.

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

## 4. Property and Equipment and Capitalized Software and Curriculum

Property and equipment consists of the following at:

| June 30,  2022  2021  (In thousands)  Student computers  $ 106,688  $  99,728  Computer software  14,655  16,201  Computer hardware  5,386  9,461  Leasehold improvements  12,612  18,320  State testing computers  7,440  7,440  Furniture and fixtures  3,910  7,104  Office equipment  134  1,455  150,825  159,709  Less accumulated depreciation and amortization  (89,288)  (87,640)  $  61,537  $  72,069   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company recorded depreciation expense related to property and equipment reflected in selling, general, and administrative expenses of $5.1 million, $6.6 million and $4.3 million during the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Depreciation expense of $36.4 million, $31.4 million and $17.9 million related to computers provided to students  is  reflected  in  instructional  costs  and  services  during  the  years  ended  June  30,  2022,  2021  and  2020, respectively.

The  Company  incurs  maintenance  and  repair  expenses,  which  are  expensed  as  incurred,  and  are  generally recorded  in  selling,  general,  and  administrative  expenses.  Maintenance  and  repair  expenses  totaled  $6.1  million, $7.9 million and $10.3 million for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Capitalized software costs consist of the following at:

| June 30,  2022  2021  (In thousands)  Capitalized software  $  274,401  $  281,705  Less accumulated depreciation and amortization  (202,601)  (224,397)  $  71,800  $  57,308   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company  recorded  amortization  expense  of  $ 22.9  million,  $19.7  million  and  $20.8  million  related  to capitalized software reflected in instructional costs and services and $5.4 million, $4.2 million and $5.5 million reflected in selling, general, and administrative expenses during the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Capitalized curriculum development costs consist of the following at:

| June 30,  2022  2021  (In thousands)  Capitalized curriculum development costs  $  189,246  $  173,971  Less accumulated depreciation and amortization  (138,666)  (123,595)  $  50,580  $  50,376   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company  recorded  amortization  expense  of  $ 15.1  million,  $16.4  million  and  $17.5  million  related  to capitalized curriculum development  cost reflected in instructional costs and  services during the  years  ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## 5. Income Taxes

The  provision  for  income  taxes  is  based  on  earnings  reported  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  A deferred  income  tax  asset  or  liability  is  determined  by  applying  currently  enacted  tax  laws  and  rates  to  the  expected reversal  of  the  cumulative  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  value  of  assets  and  liabilities  for  financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred income tax expense or benefit is measured by the change in the deferred income tax asset or liability during the year.

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  result  primarily  from  temporary  differences  in  book  versus  tax  basis accounting. Deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:

| June 30,  2022  2021  (In thousands)  Deferred tax assets  Net operating loss carryforward  $  19,613  $  22,159  Reserves  8,306  5,038  Accrued expenses  11,524  5,552  Stock compensation expense  5,166  8,193  Other assets  5,218  7,466  Convertible debt  11,005  -  Deferred revenue  591  437  Lease liability  21,680  27,812  Total deferred tax assets  83,103  76,657  Deferred tax liabilities  Capitalized curriculum development  (9,269)  (9,307)  Capitalized software and website development costs  (17,789)  (14,026)  Property and equipment  (10,547)  (11,613)  Right-of-use assets  (21,062)  (26,889)  Returned materials  (3,503)  (4,520)  Purchased intangibles  (17,461)  (22,031)  Convertible debt  -  (15,077)  Total deferred tax liabilities  (79,631)  (103,463)  Net deferred tax asset (liability) before valuation allowance  3,472  (26,806)  Valuation allowance  (6,677)  (5,047)  Net deferred tax liability  $  (3,205)  $  (31,853)  Reported as:  Long-term deferred tax liabilities  $  (3,205)  $  (31,853)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company maintained a valuation allowance on net noncurrent deferred tax assets of $ 6.7 million and $5.0 million  as  of  June  30,  2022  and  2021,  respectively,  predominantly  related  to  foreign  income  tax  net  operating  losses ("NOL").

At June 30, 2022, the Company had approximately $ 55.1 million of available federal NOL carryforwards solely related to the acquisition of Galvanize in January 2020.  The available federal NOL carryforwards were generated after 2017 and have an indefinite carryforward period due to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the 'Tax Act').  Section 382 of the Internal  Revenue  Code  limits  the  utilization  of  NOL  carryforwards  following  a  change  of  control.    The  Company  has performed an analysis of the Section 382 ownership changes and have determined that it will be able to fully utilize its available NOLs subject to the Section 382 limitation.

At  June  30,  2022,  the  Company  had  tax  effected  state  NOL  carryforwards  of  $ 2.3  million,  net  of  valuation allowances, and will expire on various dates.

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

The components of the income before income taxes for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  2020  (In thousands)  Domestic  $  131,967  $  81,068  $  27,672  Foreign  15,251  14,922  5,375  Total income before income taxes  $  147,218  $  95,990  $  33,047   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The components of the income tax expense (benefit) for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  2020  (In thousands)  Current:  Federal  $ 27,969  $ 12,290  $  6,907  State  7,550  6,643  1,911  Foreign  3,379  3,057  1,028  Total current  38,898  21,990  9,846  Deferred:  Federal  1,743  2,287  (1,687)  State  (553)  262  382  Total deferred  1,190  2,549  (1,305)  Total income tax expense (benefit)  $ 40,088  $ 24,539  $  8,541   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The provision for (benefit from) income taxes can be reconciled to the income tax that would result from applying the statutory rate to the net income before income taxes as follows:

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  2020  U.S. federal tax at statutory rates  21.0 %  21.0 %  21.0 %  Permanent items  0.4  (0.4)  1.1  Lobbying  0.1  0.2  0.4  Non-deductible compensation  9.3  4.9  9.0  State taxes, net of federal benefit  3.5  5.8  5.3  Research and development tax credits  (0.8)  (0.9)  (1.8)  Change in valuation allowance  0.8  (0.1)  0.1  Effects of foreign operations  0.3  0.4  0.3  Reserve for unrecognized tax benefits  0.5  0.2  (2.4)  Other  (1.2)  (0.5)  (0.8)  Stock-based compensation  (6.7)  (5.0)  (6.4)  Provision for (benefit from) income taxes  27.2 %  25.6 %  25.8 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The increase in the effective income tax rate for the year ended June 30, 2022, as compared to the effective tax rate for the year ended June 30, 2021, was primarily due to the increase in the amount of non-deductible compensation, which was partially offset by the increase in excess tax benefit of stock-based compensation.

## Tax Uncertainties

The Company follows the provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes ('ASC 740') which applies to all tax positions related  to  income  taxes.  ASC  740  provides  a  comprehensive  model  for  how  a  company  should  recognize,  measure, present and disclose in its financial statements uncertain tax positions that the Company has taken or expects to take on a  tax  return.  ASC  740  clarifies  accounting  for  income  taxes  by  prescribing  a  minimum  probability  threshold  that  a  tax position must meet before a financial statement benefit is recognized. If the probability for sustaining a tax position is greater than 50%, then the tax position is warranted and recognition should be at the highest amount which would be expected to be realized upon ultimate settlement related to unrecognized tax benefits.

The  Company  recognizes  interest  and  penalties,  if  any,  related  to  unrecognized  tax  benefits  in  income  tax expense. As of June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had $0.1 million, $0.1 million and $0.1 million in accrued interest and penalties, respectively.

The unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  2020  (In thousands)  Balance at beginning of the year  $  1,057  $  850  $  1,545  Additions for prior year tax positions  364  196  161  Additions for current year tax positions  482  261  179  Reductions for prior year tax positions  (173)  (250)  (1,035)  Balance at end of the year  $  1,729  $  1,057  $  850   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

If recognized, all of the $1.7 million balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2022 would affect the effective tax rate. The Company does not anticipate a significant increase or decrease in unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months.

The Company remains subject to audit by the Internal Revenue Service for federal tax purposes for tax years after June 30, 2018.  Certain state and foreign tax jurisdictions are also either currently under audit or remain open under the statute of limitations for the tax years after June 30, 2016.

## 6. Finance and Operating Leases

## Finance Leases

The Company is a lessee under finance leases for student computers and peripherals under agreements with Banc  of  America  Leasing  &amp;  Capital,  LLC  ('BALC').  As  of  June  30,  2022  and  2021,  the  finance  lease  liability  was $66.3 million and $68.9 million, respectively, with lease interest rates ranging from  1.52% to 3.95%. As of June 30, 2022 and 2021, the balance of the associated right-of-use assets was $42.7 million and $49.0 million, respectively. The rightof-use  asset  is  recorded  within  property  and  equipment,  net  on  the  consolidated  balance  sheets.  Lease  amortization expense  associated  with  the  Company's  finance  leases  is  recorded  within  instructional  costs  and  services  on  the consolidated statements of operations.

The Company entered into an agreement with BALC in April 2020 for $ 25.0 million (increased to $ 41.0 million in July 2020) to provide financing for its leases through March 2021 at varying rates. The Company entered into additional agreements during fiscal year 2021 to provide financing of $54.0 million for its student computers and peripherals leases through October 2022 at varying rates. Individual leases with BALC 36-month payment terms, fixed rates ranging from

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

1.52% to 3.95%, and a $1 purchase option at the end of each lease term. The Company has pledged the assets financed to secure the outstanding leases.

The following is a summary, as of June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, respectively, of the present value of the net minimum lease payments under the Company's finance leases:

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  (in thousands)  2022  $  -  $  28,715  2023  38,600  28,105  2024  24,816  14,303  2025  4,468  -  2026  22  -  Total minimum payments  67,906  71,123  Less: imputed interest  (1,629)  (2,219)  Finance lease liability  66,277  68,904  Less: current portion of finance lease liability  (37,389)  (27,336)  Long-term finance lease liability  $  28,888  $  41,568   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Operating Leases

The Company is a lessee under operating leases for various facilities to support the Company's operations. As of June  30,  2022  and  2021,  the  operating  lease  liability  was  $88.0  million  and  $98.1  million,  respectively.  As  of June  30,  2022  and  2021  the  balance  of  the  associated  right-of-use  assets  was  $85.5  million  and  $94.7  million, respectively. Lease expense associated with the Company's operating leases is recorded within both instructional costs and services and selling, general, and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.

Individual operating leases range in terms of  1 to 11 years and expire on various dates through fiscal year 2034 and the minimum lease payments are discounted using the Company's incremental borrowing rate.

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

The following is a summary as of June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, respectively, of the present value of the minimum lease payments under the Company's operating leases:

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  (in thousands)  2022  $  -  $  23,030  2023  15,120  16,204  2024  16,638  15,032  2025  16,168  14,222  2026  12,900  11,247  2027  8,797  -  Thereafter  27,447  27,432  Total minimum payments  97,070  107,167  Less: imputed interest  (9,113)  (9,060)  Operating lease liability  87,957  98,107  Less: current portion of operating lease liability  (12,830)  (20,649)  Long-term operating lease liability  $  75,127  $  77,458   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company  is  subleasing one  of  its  facilities  through  July  2023,  one  through  November  2024,  and  one through December 2025. Sublease income is recorded as an offset to the related lease expense within both instructional costs and services and selling, general, and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. The following is a summary as of June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, respectively, of the expected sublease income:

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  (in thousands)  2022  $  -  $  1,496  2023  1,396  797  2024  665  66  2025  412  -  2026  140  -  Total sublease income  $  2,613  $  2,359   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

The following  is  a  summary  of  the  Company's  lease  cost,  weighted-average  remaining  lease  term,  weightedaverage discount rate and certain other cash flows as it relates to its operating leases for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Lease cost  Finance lease cost:  Amortization of right-of-use assets  $  34,719  $  28,647  $  16,740  Interest on lease liabilities  1,769  1,111  820  Instructional costs and services:  Operating lease cost  15,718  15,877  6,902  Short-term lease cost  67  181  222  Sublease income  (955)  (920)  (419)  Selling, general, and administrative expenses:  Operating lease cost  6,360  6,681  6,227  Short-term lease cost  125  970  992  Sublease income  (685)  (916)  (760)  Total lease cost  $  57,118  $  51,631  $  30,724  Other information  Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease  liabilities  Operating cash flows from operating leases  $  (20,742)  $  (21,025)  $  (13,124)  Financing cash flows from finance leases  (33,011)  (24,315)  (27,675)  Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease  liabilities  23,232  66,861  17,160  Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease  liabilities  10,589  1,643  6,311  Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance leases  1.85 yrs.  2.52 yrs.  0.79 yrs.  Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases  6.54 yrs.  6.58 yrs.  7.15 yrs.  Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases  2.47 %  2.45 %  2.86 %  Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases  2.75 %  2.75 %  2.76 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. Debt

The following is a summary, as of June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, respectively, of the components of the Company's outstanding long-term debt:

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  (in thousands)  Convertible Senior Notes due 2027  $  420,000  $  420,000  Less: unamortized discount  -  (113,331)  Less: unamortized debt issuance costs  (8,562)  (7,398)  Total debt  411,438  299,271  Less: current portion of debt  -  -  Long-term debt  $  411,438  $  299,271   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

## Convertible Senior Notes due 2027

In  August  and  September  2020,  the  Company  issued  $ 420.0  million  aggregate  principal  amount  of 1.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 ('Notes'). The Notes are governed by an indenture (the 'Indenture') between the Company  and  U.S.  Bank  National  Association,  as  trustee.  The  net  proceeds  from  the  offering  of  the  Notes  were approximately $408.6 million after deducting the underwriting fees and other expenses paid by the Company.

The  Notes  bear  interest  at  a  rate  of  1.125%  per  annum,  payable  semi-annually  in  arrears  on  March  1 st   and September 1 st  of each year, beginning on March 1, 2021. The Notes will mature on September 1, 2027. The Company recorded coupon interest expense of $4.7 million and $3.9 million, respectively, during the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021.

Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company separated the Notes into liability and equity components. The initial carrying amount of the liability component was $294.6 million and was calculated using a discount rate of  6.5%. The discount rate was based on the terms of a similar debt instrument as the Notes without the associated conversion feature. The carrying amount of the equity component representing the conversion option was determined by deducting the fair value of the liability component from the principal amount of the Notes, or $125.4 million. The amount recorded in equity  was  not  subject  to  remeasurement  or  amortization.  The  $125.4  million  also  represented  the  initial  discount recorded  on  the  Notes.  As  discussed  in  Note  3,  'Summary  of  Significant  Accounting  Policies  -  Recent  Accounting Pronouncements,' the discount recorded within debt and equity was eliminated upon the adoption of ASU 2020-06.

The Company incurred debt issuance costs of $ 11.4 million which are amortized over the contractual term of the Notes. The Company recorded interest expense related to the amortization of the debt issuance costs of $1.6 million and $0.6 million, respectively, during the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021.

Before June 1, 2027, noteholders will have the right to convert their Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. After June 1, 2027, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until two days prior to the maturity date. The Company will settle conversions by paying cash up to the outstanding principal amount, and at the Company's election, will settle the conversion spread by paying or delivering cash or shares of its common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock. The initial conversion rate is 18.9109 shares of common stock per $1,000  principal  amount  of  Notes,  which  represents  an  initial  conversion  price  of  approximately  $52.88  per  share  of common stock (lower strike price). The Notes will be redeemable at the Company's option at any time after September 6, 2024 at a cash redemption price equal to the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, subject to certain stock price hurdles as discussed in the Indenture.

In  connection  with  the  Notes,  the  Company  entered  into  privately  negotiated  capped  call  transactions  (the 'Capped  Call  Transactions')  with  certain  counterparties.  The  Capped  Call  Transactions  are  expected  to  cover  the aggregate number of shares of the Company's common stock that initially underlie the Notes, and are expected to reduce potential dilution to the Company's common stock upon any conversion of Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes. The upper strike price of the Capped Call Transactions is $86.174 per share. The cost of the Capped Call Transactions was $ 60.4 million and was recorded within additional paid-in capital.

## 8. Credit Facility

On January 27, 2020, the Company entered into a $ 100.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility ('Credit Facility') to be used for general corporate operating purposes with PNC Capital Markets LLC. The Credit Facility has a five-year  term  and  incorporates  customary  financial  and  other  covenants,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  a  maximum leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio. The majority of the Company's borrowings under the Credit Facility were at LIBOR plus an additional rate ranging from 0.875% - 1.50% based on the Company's leverage ratio as defined in the  agreement.  The  Credit  Facility  is  secured  by  the  Company's  assets.  The  Credit  Facility  agreement  allows  for  an amendment to establish a new benchmark interest rate when LIBOR is discontinued during the five-year term. As of

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

June 30, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the financial covenants. As part of the proceeds received from the Notes,  the  Company  repaid  its  $100.0  million  outstanding  balance  and  as  of  June  30,  2022,  the  Company  had  no amounts outstanding on the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility also includes a $200.0 million accordion feature.

## 9. Equity Incentive Plan

On December 15, 2016 (the 'Effective Date'), the Company's stockholders approved the 2016 Incentive Award Plan (the 'Plan'). The Plan is designed to attract, retain and motivate employees who make important contributions to the Company by providing such individuals with equity ownership opportunities. Awards granted under the Plan may include stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and other stock-based awards. Under the Plan, the following types of shares go back into the pool of shares available for issuance:

- unissued shares related to forfeited or cancelled restricted stock and stock options from Plan awards and Prior Plan awards (that were outstanding as of the Effective Date), and;
- shares tendered to satisfy the tax withholding obligation related to the vesting of restricted stock (but not stock options).

Unlike the Company's 2007 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the 'Prior Plan'), the Plan has no evergreen provision to increase the shares available for issuance; any new shares would require stockholder approval. The Prior Plan expired in  October  2017,  and  the  Company  no  longer  awards  equity  from  the  Prior  Plan.  At  June  30,  2022,  the  remaining aggregate  number  of  shares  of  the  Company's  common  stock  authorized  for  future  issuance  under  the  Plan  was 1,915,531. At June 30, 2022, there were  1,557,236 shares of the Company's common stock that remain outstanding or nonvested under the Plan and Prior Plan.

Compensation expense for  all  equity-based  compensation  awards  is  based  on  the  grant-date  fair  value.  The Company  recognizes  these  compensation  costs  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  requisite  service  period,  which  is generally the vesting period of the award. The vesting of performance-based awards is contingent on the achievement of certain  performance  metrics.  Compensation  expense  is  recognized  retroactively,  through  a  cumulative  catch-up adjustment, when the performance conditions are satisfied or when the Company determines that it is probable that the performance  conditions  will  be  satisfied.  The  amount  of  compensation  expense  recognized  for  a  performance-based award is affected by the level of achievement attained. Management has established three levels of attainment, threshold, target,  and  outperform.  Stock-based  compensation  expense  is  recorded  within  selling,  general,  and  administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.

## Stock Options

Each  stock  option  is  exercisable  pursuant  to  the  vesting  schedule  set  forth  in  the  stock  option  agreement granting such stock option, generally over four years. No stock option shall be exercisable after the expiration of its option term. The Company has granted stock options under the Prior Plan and the Company has also granted stock options to executive officers under stand-alone agreements outside the Prior Plan.

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

Stock option activity including stand-alone agreements during the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows:

| Weighted  Weighted  Average  Average  Remaining  Aggregate  Exercise  Contractual  Intrinsic  Shares  Price  Life (Years)  Value  Outstanding, June 30, 2019  1,036,017  $  19.82  2.64  $  11,312,871  Granted  -  -  Exercised  (4,000)  16.07  Forfeited or canceled  (10,500)  30.92  Outstanding, June 30, 2020  1,021,517  $  19.73  1.65  $  8,325,869  Granted  -  -  Exercised  (990,067)  19.83  Forfeited or canceled  -  -  Outstanding, June 30, 2021  31,450  $  16.58  0.82  $  437,037  Granted  -  -  Exercised  (29,100)  16.14  Forfeited or canceled  (1,000)  31.73  Outstanding and exercisable,  June 30, 2022  1,350  $  14.77  0.98  $  35,127   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  aggregate  intrinsic  value  in  the  table  above  represents  the  total  pre-tax  intrinsic  value  (the  difference between the Company's closing stock price on the last day of the period and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of  in-the-money  options)  that  would  have  been  received  by  the  option  holders  had  all  option  holders  exercised  their options on June 30, 2022. The amount of aggregate intrinsic value will change based on the fair market value of the Company's stock. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $0.5 million, $24.6 million, and $0.0 million, respectively.

As  of  June  30,  2022,  there  was  no  unrecognized  compensation  expense  related  to  nonvested  stock  options granted. During the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized $0.0 million, $0.0 million and $0.1 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to stock options.

## Restricted Stock Awards

The Company has approved grants of restricted stock awards ('RSA') pursuant to the Plan and Prior Plan. Under the  Plan  and  Prior  Plan,  employees,  outside  directors  and  independent  contractors  are  able  to  participate  in  the Company's future performance through the awards of restricted stock. Each RSA vests pursuant to the vesting schedule set  forth  in  the  restricted  stock  agreement  granting  such  RSAs,  generally  over three years.  Under  the  Plan  and  Prior Plan, there have been no awards of restricted stock to independent contractors.

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

Restricted stock award activity during the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows:

| Weighted  Average  Grant-Date  Shares  Fair Value  Nonvested, June 30, 2019  1,322,552  $  17.08  Granted  1,126,227  26.84  Vested  (750,634)  16.93  Canceled  (79,541)  21.48  Nonvested, June 30, 2020  1,618,604  $  23.73  Granted  578,070  37.87  Vested  (704,921)  21.78  Canceled  (82,419)  27.94  Nonvested, June 30, 2021  1,409,334  $  30.26  Granted  582,273  35.27  Vested  (699,346)  28.62  Canceled  (160,795)  34.33  Nonvested, June 30, 2022  1,131,466  $  33.27   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Performance-Based Restricted Stock Awards (included above)

During the year ended June 30, 2022, 37,313 new performance-based restricted stock awards were granted and in total, 374,360 remain nonvested at June 30, 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2022,  221,194 performance-based restricted  stock  awards  vested.  Vesting  of  the  performance-based  restricted  stock  awards  is  contingent  on  the achievement of certain financial performance goals and service vesting conditions.

During  fiscal  year  2021,  the  Company  granted  30,364  performance-based  restricted  stock  awards  to  the Company's  CEO  with  a  weighted  average  grant-date  fair  value  of  $24.70  per  share.  These  awards  were  granted pursuant to the Plan and were subject to the achievement of Adjusted EBITDA metrics for the calendar year 2021. In January 2022, achievement was certified at 133% of target, which resulted in an additional  10,020 shares, and  one-third of the award vested; the remaining two-thirds will vest annually over two years.

During  fiscal  year  2021,  the  Company  granted  82,710  performance-based  restricted  stock  awards  to  the Company's named executive officers ('NEOs') with a weighted average grant-date fair value of $45.33 per share. These awards were granted pursuant to the Plan and were subject to the achievement of Adjusted EBITDA metrics in fiscal year 2021. In August 2021, achievement was certified at 133% of target, which resulted in an additional  27,293 shares, and one-third of the award vested; the remaining  two-thirds will vest annually over two years.

During  fiscal  year  2020,  the  Company  granted  358,294  performance-based  restricted  stock  awards  to  the Company's then CEO with a weighted average grant-date fair value of $27.91 per share. These awards were granted pursuant to the Plan and are subject to the achievement of target free cash flow metrics in each of the fiscal years 2020 through 2022. The metrics are measured at the end of each fiscal year; however if either of the first two tranches are not achieved, the awards may still vest if the free cash flow metric in aggregate is met over the three-year life of the award. In August 2021, the second tranche was achieved at above target resulting in the vesting of 119,431 shares. The Company is currently amortizing the third tranche over the vesting period because it believes that it is probable that the free cash flow target will be met. The free cash flow metric was not met for fiscal year 2020, however, the Company believes that it will be met in aggregate, and therefore is amortizing the first tranche over a three-year period.

## Service-Based Restricted Stock Awards (included above)

During the year ended June 30, 2022, 544,960 new service-based restricted stock awards were granted and in total, 757,107  remain  nonvested  at  June  30,  2022.  During  the  year  ended  June  30,  2022,  478,152  service-based restricted

stock awards vested.

## Summary of All Restricted Stock Awards

As of June 30, 2022, there was $ 19.3 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested restricted  stock  awards.  The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.3 years. The fair value of restricted stock awards granted for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 was $20.5 million and $21.9 million, respectively. The total fair value of shares vested for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 was $23.5 million and $24.5  million,  respectively.  During  the  years  ended  June  30,  2022,  2021  and  2020,  the  Company  recognized $18.4 million, $22.6 million and $17.1 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock awards.

## Performance Share Units ('PSU')

The  Company  has  approved  grants  of  performance  share  units  ('PSU')  pursuant  to  the  Plan.  Each  PSU  is earned through the achievement of a performance-based metric, combined with the continuation of employee service over  a  defined  period.  The  level  of  performance  determines  the  number  of  PSUs  earned,  and  is  generally  measured against threshold, target and outperform achievement levels of the award. Each PSU represents the right to receive one share of the Company's common stock, or at the option of the Company, an equivalent amount of cash, and is classified as an equity or liability award. When the grant is a fixed monetary amount, and the number of shares is not determined until achievement and the value of the Company's stock on that day, the PSU is a liability-classified award. Each PSU vests pursuant to the vesting schedule found in the respective PSU agreement.

In addition to the performance conditions of the PSUs, there is a service vesting condition which is dependent upon continuing service by the grantee as an employee of the Company, unless the grantee is eligible for earlier vesting upon a change in control and qualifying termination, as defined by the PSU agreement. PSUs are generally subject to graduated  vesting  schedules  and  stock-based  compensation  expense  is  computed  by  tranche  and  recognized  on  a straight-line basis over the tranches' applicable vesting period based on the expected achievement level.

Performance share unit activity (excluding liability-classified awards) during the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows:

| Weighted  Average  Grant-Date  Shares  Fair Value  Nonvested, June 30, 2019  2,372,241  $  10.61  Granted  100,964  15.30  Vested  -  -  Canceled  (8,352)  29.93  Nonvested, June 30, 2020  2,464,853  $  10.78  Granted  477,700  40.17  Vested  -  -  Canceled  (64,509)  28.33  Nonvested, June 30, 2021  2,878,044  $  15.26  Granted  346,880  34.90  Vested  (1,810,752)  9.95  Canceled  (1,058,870)  24.95  Nonvested, June 30, 2022  355,302  $  32.62   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fiscal Year 2022 LTIP

During  the  year  ended  June  30,  2022,  the  Company  granted  250,250  PSUs  at  target  under  a  Long  Term Incentive

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

Plan ('LTIP') which are tied to gross margin targets and stock price performance. These PSUs had a grant date fair value of $9.1 million, or a weighted average grant-date fair value of $ 36.30  per  share. Fifty percent of the earned award is based on gross margin performance ('Tranche #1) and fifty percent is based on the performance of the Company's stock price ('Tranche #2), both of which will vest after achievement is certified during the first quarter of fiscal year 2025. For Tranche #1, the level of performance will determine the number of PSUs earned as measured against threshold, target and  outperform  achievement  levels.  For  Tranche  #2,  the  number  of  PSUs  will  be  earned  based  on  the  Company's compounded  annual  stock  price  growth  over  a  completed three-year  performance  period.  In  all  cases,  vesting  is dependent upon continuing service by the grantee as an employee of the Company. The fair value of Tranche #2 was determined  using  a  Monte  Carlo  simulation  model  and  is  amortized  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  vesting  period. Tranche #2 is a market-based award, and therefore is not subject to any probability assessment by the Company. The Company  determined  the  likelihood  of  achievement  of  the  performance  condition  for  Tranche  #1  is  not  able  to  be determined at this time.

## Fiscal Year 2021 Tech Elevator MIP

During fiscal year 2021, the Company granted to the executive team of Tech Elevator a time-based award with a value of $4.0 million and a performance-based award with a target value of $ 4.0 million under a Management Incentive Plan  ('MIP').  The  time-based  award  vests  equally  over three  years  on  the  anniversary  of  the  closing  date  of  the acquisition  of  Tech  Elevator  (see  Note  12,  'Acquisitions  and  Investments'  for  additional  detail  on  the  Company's acquisition). During the second quarter of fiscal year 2022, one-third vested and was settled with the issuance of  38,575 PSUs. The performance-based award is tied to the achievement of certain revenue and EBITDA targets of Tech Elevator. Seventy percent of the award is based on Tech Elevator's revenues for the calendar year 2023 ('Tranche #1') and thirty percent of the earned award is based on Tech Elevator's EBITDA for the calendar year 2023 ('Tranche #2'), both of which are expected to vest after achievement is certified in January 2024. The level of performance will determine the number of PSUs earned as measured against threshold and target achievement levels. In all cases, vesting is dependent upon continuing service by the grantee as an employee of the Company. The MIP is a liability-classified award. The Company determined the likelihood of achievement of the performance conditions is not able to be determined at this time.

## Fiscal Year 2021 LTIP

During  fiscal  year  2021,  the  Company  granted  111,450  PSUs  at  target  under  a  LTIP  which  are  tied  to  the achievement of certain individualized financial and non-financial performance targets. These PSUs had a grant date fair value  of  $2.7  million,  or  a  weighted  average  grant-date  fair  value  of  $ 24.15  per  share. Forty  percent  will  vest  after achievement is certified during the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 and sixty percent will vest one year later. The level of performance  will  determine  the  number  of  PSUs  earned  as  measured  against  threshold,  target  and  outperform achievement levels. In all cases, vesting is dependent upon continuing service by the grantee as an employee of the Company. The fiscal year 2021 LTIP is an equity-classified award. The Company is currently amortizing certain awards over their vesting periods because it believes that it is probable that the specific metrics will be achieved. Three metrics are assumed to be achieved at each of threshold, target and outperform, respectively. The aggregate target grant date fair  value  of  these  metrics  are  $0.3  million.  The  remaining  metrics  are  currently  being  assessed  as  not  probable  of achievement.

## Fiscal Year 2021 Career Learning PSUs

During  fiscal  year  2021,  the  Company  granted  366,250  PSUs  at  target  which  are  tied  to  the  achievement  of Career Learning revenue targets for fiscal years 2021 - 2023. These PSUs had a grant date fair value of $16.5 million, or a weighted average grant-date fair value of $45.05 per share. The vesting is as follows:

- 77,690  PSUs  relate  to  fiscal  year  2021  revenues  and  if  achieved,  one-third  of  the  award  will  vest immediately, and the remaining two-thirds will vest annually over two years;
- 122,080  PSUs  relate  to  fiscal  year  2022  revenues  and  if  achieved,  two-thirds  of  the  award  will  vest immediately, and the remaining one-third will vest the following year; and
- 166,480 PSUs relate to fiscal year 2023 revenues and if achieved, the award will vest immediately.

The level of performance will determine the number of PSUs earned as measured against threshold, target and

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

outperform achievement levels. In all cases, vesting is dependent upon continuing service by the grantee as an employee of the Company. The fiscal year 2021 Career Learning PSUs are equity-classified awards. In August 2021, the Company determined the performance condition of fiscal year 2021 revenues were not achieved resulting in a forfeiture of those shares. Additionally, in October 2021, the two remaining tranches were forfeited as the grantee of the PSUs separated from the Company.

## Fiscal Year 2020 Galvanize TRIP

During fiscal year 2020, the Company granted to the executive team of Galvanize a target level of $ 12.3 million under a Transaction Related Incentive Plan ('TRIP') which is tied to the achievement of certain revenue and EBITDA targets  of  Galvanize. Seventy percent of the earned award is based on the performance of Galvanize for the calendar year  2021  ('Tranche  #1')  and thirty  percent  of  the  earned  award  is  based  on  the  performance  of  Galvanize  for  the calendar year 2022 ('Tranche #2'), both of which are expected to vest after achievement is certified in January following each of the calendar year ends. The revenue and EBITDA targets are split sixty percent and forty percent, respectively, for  both  tranches.  In  all  cases,  vesting  is  dependent  upon  continuing  service  by  the  grantee  as  an  employee  of  the Company. The level of performance will determine the number of PSUs earned as measured against threshold, target and outperform achievement levels. In January 2022, the Company determined that the metrics for calendar year 2021 were  not  met  and  Tranche  #1  was  forfeited.  The  TRIP  is  a  liability-classified  award.  The  Company  determined  the likelihood of achievement of the performance conditions associated with Tranche #2 is not probable.

## Fiscal Year 2019 LTIP

During fiscal year 2019, the Company granted  263,936 PSUs at target under a LTIP which are tied to certain career learning revenue targets and enrollment levels, as well as students' academic progress. These PSUs had a grant date fair value of $7.9 million, or a weighted average grant-date fair value of $ 30.05 per share. During fiscal year 2020, the Company granted an additional 34,030 PSUs at target with a grant date fair value of $ 0.8 million, or $23.51 per share. Forty-five percent of the earned award is based on students' academic progress ('Tranche #1') and  twenty-five percent of the earned award is based on certain enrollment levels ('Tranche #2'). In October 2021, Tranche #2 achievement was certified at approximately 193% of target resulting in the vesting of  115,223 shares, while Tranche #1 was not achieved resulting  in 107,397  forfeited  shares.  The  remaining  thirty  percent  of  the  earned  award  is  based  on  certain  revenue targets ('Tranche #3') and will vest after achievement is certified in August 2022. The level of performance will determine the  number  of  PSUs  earned  as  measured  against  threshold,  target  and  outperform  achievement  levels.  In  all  cases, vesting is dependent upon continuing service by the grantee as an employee of the Company. The Company determined the achievement of the performance conditions associated with Tranche #3 was probable at the outperform level.

## Fiscal Year 2019 SPP

During fiscal year 2019, the Company adopted a new long-term shareholder performance plan ('2019 SPP') that provides for incentive award opportunities to its key senior executives. The awards were granted in the form of PSUs and will  be earned based on the Company's market capitalization growth over a completed three-year performance period. The 2019 SPP was designed to provide the executives with a percentage of shareholder value growth. No amounts will be earned if total stock price growth over the three-year period is below 25% (7.6% annualized). An amount of  6% of total value growth will be earned based on achieving total stock price growth of 33% (10% annualized) and a maximum of 7.5% of total value growth will be earned if total stock price growth equals or exceeds  95% (25% annualized).

During fiscal year 2019, the Company granted  2,108,305 PSUs at a weighted average grant-date fair value of $8.18 per share, based on the highest level of performance. During fiscal year 2020, the Company granted an additional 66,934 PSUs at a weighted average grant-date fair value of $ 12.56 per share, based on the highest level of performance. The final amount of PSUs was determined (and vesting occurred) based on the 30-day average price of the Company's stock  subsequent  to seven  days  after  the  release  of  fiscal  year  2021  results.  The  fair  value  was  determined  using  a Monte Carlo simulation model and is amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The SPP is a marketbased award, and therefore is not subject to any probability assessment by the Company.

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

In October 2021, the Company certified achievement of the 2019 SPP based upon the  30-day average price of the  Company's  stock  during  the  period  of  August  18,  2021  -  September  17,  2021  of  $34.13. The 112%  market capitalization growth over the three-year performance period resulted in the vesting  1,656,594 shares to the Company's six named executive officers.

## Summary of All Performance Share Units

As of June 30, 2022, there was $ 5.1 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested PSUs that are expected to vest based on the Company's probability assumptions discussed above. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.6 years. During the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company recognized $0.1 million, $16.7 million  and  $6.3  million,  respectively,  of  stock-based  compensation  expense related to PSUs. Included in the stock-based compensation expense above, for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 is $1.3 million and $0.8 million, respectively, related to the Tech Elevator time-based portion of the MIP . This amount was recorded in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets because it is a liability-classified award.

## Deferred Stock Units ('DSU')

The DSUs vest on the grant-date anniversary and are settled in the form of shares of common stock issued to the holder upon separation from the Company. DSUs are specific only to board members.

Deferred stock unit activity during the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows:

| Weighted  Average  Grant-Date  Shares  Fair Value  Nonvested, June 30, 2019  18,258  $  25.41  Granted  23,844  20.13  Vested  -  -  Canceled  -  -  Nonvested, June 30, 2020  42,102  $  22.42  Granted  17,252  21.01  Vested  -  -  Canceled  -  -  Nonvested, June 30, 2021  59,354  $  22.01  Granted  14,769  33.24  Vested  (5,006)  23.97  Canceled  -  -  Nonvested, June 30, 2022  69,117  $  24.27   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Summary of All Deferred Stock Units

As of June 30, 2022, there was $ 0.1 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested DSUs. The cost  is  expected  to  be  recognized  over  a  weighted  average  period  of 0.5  years.  During  the  years  ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized $0.5 million, $0.4 million and $0.5 million, respectively, of stockbased compensation expense related to DSUs.

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

## 10. Commitments and Contingencies

## Litigation

In  the  ordinary  conduct  of  the  Company's  business,  the  Company  is  subject  to  lawsuits,  arbitrations  and administrative proceedings from time to time. The Company vigorously defends these claims; however, no assurances can be given as to the outcome of any pending legal proceedings. The Company believes, based on currently available information, that the outcome of any existing or known threatened proceedings, even if determined adversely, should not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations.

## Georgia Cyber Academy Arbitration

On  May  10,  2019,  K12  Virtual  Schools  LLC  filed  a  demand  for  arbitration  with  the  American  Arbitration Association ('AAA'), Case No. 01-19-001-4778, naming Georgia Cyber Academy, Inc. ('GCA') as the respondent.  The demand asserted claims for GCA's breach and anticipatory breach of the Educational Products and Services Agreement between GCA and K12 Virtual Schools LLC, as amended on January 4, 2019, based on GCA's engagement of other educational products and service providers for the school year 2019-2020.  On May 29, 2019, GCA filed counterclaims against  K12  Virtual  Schools,  LLC  for  breach  of  contract,  fraud,  breach  of  the  duty  of  good  faith  and  fair  dealing,  and negligent misrepresentation.  The AAA appointed an arbitrator on June 12, 2019, and the parties presented evidence in support of their respective claims during merits hearings in March and June 2020.  On July 8, 2020, the parties executed an agreement, effective June 30, 2020, to resolve all of their claims.  Under the terms of the settlement agreement, GCA was scheduled to pay the Company $19 million over a period of  two years, of which $10 million was paid in July 2020. The Company and GCA agreed to settle the remaining $9 million for a payment of $ 8.64 million that was received by the Company in August 2021.

## Securities Litigation

On November 19 and December 11, 2020, respectively,  two putative securities class action lawsuits captioned Yun Chau Lee v. K12 Inc., et al, Case No. 1:20-cv-01419 (the 'Lee Case'), and Jennifer Baig v. K12 Inc., et al, Case No. 1:20-cv-01528 (the 'Baig Case') were filed against the Company, one of its current officers, and one of its former officers in  the  United  States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, purportedly on behalf of a class of persons who purchased  or  otherwise  acquired  the  Company's  common  stock  between  April  27,  2020  and  September  18,  2020, inclusive.  On February 17, 2021, the District Court consolidated the Lee Case and the Baig Case under the caption In re K12 Inc. Securities Litigation, Case No. 1:20-cv-01419 (the 'Consolidated Securities Class Action'), and appointed a lead plaintiff.  The lead plaintiff filed a consolidated amended complaint on April 5, 2021, alleging violations by the Company and the individual defendants of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated under the Exchange Act, and violations by the individual defendants of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint alleged, among other  things,  that  the  Company  and  the  individual  defendants  made  false  or  misleading  statements  and/or  omitted  to disclose material facts concerning the Company's technological capabilities and expertise to support increased demand for  virtual  and  blended  education  related  to  the  global  emergence  of  COVID-19,  its  cybersecurity  protocols  and protections,  and  its  administrative  support  and  training  to  teachers,  students,  and  parents.    The  complaint  sought unspecified monetary damages and other relief.  The Company filed a motion to dismiss the complaint in its entirety on May 20, 2021,which the District Court granted, without prejudice, on September 16, 2021. The plaintiffs did not file a second amended complaint, but appealed the District Court's dismissal decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit on December 1, 2021. Briefing in that appeal concluded March 10, 2022, and a decision from the Court of Appeals remains outstanding.

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

On December 21, 2020 and April 30, 2021, respectively, related derivative lawsuits captioned Larry Shemen, et al v. Aida M. Alvarez, et al, Case No. 1:20-cv-01731 (the 'Shemen Case'), and Wajid Ahmed v. Aida M. Alvarez, et al, Case  No.  1:21-cv-00618  (the  'Ahmed  Case)  were  filed  by three  of  the  Company's  shareholders  in  the  United  States District Court for the District of Delaware.  The plaintiffs in the Shemen Case and the Ahmed Case allege substantially the same facts alleged in the Consolidated Securities Class Action.  By stipulation of the parties on May 14, 2021, the Court consolidated the Shemen Case and the Ahmed Case under the caption In re Stride Inc. Derivative Litigation, Case No. 20-01731 (the 'Consolidated Derivative Action'), and designated as operative the complaint filed in the Ahmed Case. The operative complaint purports to assert claims on the Company's behalf against certain of its officers and directors for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, and waste of corporate assets, and for violation of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint seeks unspecified monetary damages, corporate governance reforms, and other relief. The Consolidated Derivative Action is stayed pending resolution of the Consolidated Securities Class Action appeal.

We  intend  to  continue  defending  vigorously  against  each  and  every  allegation  and  asserted  claim  in  these matters.

## Employment Agreements

The  Company  has  entered  into  employment  agreements  with  certain  executive  officers  that  provide  for severance  payments  and,  in  some  cases  other  benefits,  upon  certain  terminations  of  employment.  Except  for  the agreement with the Company's Executive Chairman with an amended extended term to September 30, 2022, all other agreements  provide  for  employment  on  an  'at-will'  basis.  If  the  employee  resigns  for  'good  reason'  or  is  terminated without cause, the employee is entitled to salary continuation, and in some cases benefit continuation, for varying periods depending on the agreement.

## Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As  of  June  30,  2022,  the  Company  provided  guarantees  of  approximately  $ 0.4  million  related  to  lease commitments on the buildings for certain of the Company's schools.

In addition, the Company contractually guarantees that certain schools under the Company's management will not have annual operating deficits and the Company's management fees from these schools may be reduced accordingly to cover any school operating deficits.

Other  than  these  lease  and  operating  deficit  guarantees,  the  Company  did  not  have  any  off-balance  sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company's financial condition, changes  in  financial  condition,  revenues  or  expenses,  results  of  operations,  liquidity,  capital  expenditures  or  capital resources.

## Risks and Uncertainties

## Impacts of COVID-19 on Stride's Business

While the long-term impact of the global emergence of COVID-19 is not estimable or determinable, in late fiscal year 2020, the Company experienced an increase in demand for its products and services.

The Company continues to conduct business as usual with some modifications to employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of certain events. The Company will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter its business operations as may be required by federal, state or local authorities or that it determines is in the best interests of its employees, customers, partners, suppliers and stockholders. It is not clear what the potential effects any such alterations or modifications may have on the Company's business, including the effects on its customers and prospects, or on its long-term financial results.

On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security ('CARES') Act was enacted and signed into  law.  The  Company  has  evaluated  the  business  provisions  in  the  CARES  Act  and  adopted  the  deferral  of  the employer portion of the social security payroll tax (6.2%) outlined within. The deferral was effective from the enactment date

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

through December 31, 2020. The deferred amount of $14.1 million will be paid in  two installments, $7.05 million of the deferred amount was paid in December 2021 and the remaining $7.05 million will be paid by December 31, 2022. The deferred  payroll  taxes  due  on  December  31,  2022  are  recorded  within  accrued  compensation  and  benefits  on  the consolidated balance sheets.

## 11. Severance

During  the  years  ended  June  30,  2022,  2021  and  2020,  the  Company  reduced  its  workforce,  resulting  in severance of $3.7 million, $2.4 million and $1.5 million, respectively. Included in severance expense for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is $0.1 million, $0.5 million and $0.1 million, respectively, associated with accelerated vesting of equity awards to former executives and other employees.

## 12. Acquisitions and Investments

## Acquisition of MedCerts, LLC

On November 30, 2020, the Company acquired  100% of MedCerts in exchange for $70.0 million and estimated contingent  consideration  of  $10.8  million.  The  purchase  price  is  payable  in two  tranches;  $55.0  million  was  paid  at closing, and $15.0 million plus the final contingent consideration will be paid on the  18-month anniversary of the closing. In  addition,  during  the  fourth  quarter  of  fiscal  year  2021,  the  Company  paid  an  additional  $0.3  million  related  to  the finalization of  working capital. MedCerts students participate in online, hands-on career training courses in the healthcare and medical fields as they prepare for more than a dozen national healthcare certifications. The acquisition of MedCerts further expands the Company's post-secondary skills training in the healthcare and medical fields. The Company also plans to use MedCerts' curriculum to create appropriate content to offer high school students.

The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting, which results in acquired assets and assumed liabilities being measured at their fair values as of November 30, 2020, the acquisition date. As of the acquisition date, goodwill was measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

Based on management's valuation of the fair value of tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the purchase price was allocated as follows (in thousands):

## Allocation of Purchase Price

| Cash  $  205  Current assets, excluding cash  5,074  Property and equipment, net  1,896  Intangible assets, net  26,607  Goodwill  51,033  Current liabilities  (2,201)  Deferred revenue  (1,562)  Deferred tax asset (liability)  16  Total consideration  $  81,068   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of the identified intangible assets was determined primarily using an income-based approach of either  the  multi-period  excess  earnings  method  or  relief  from  royalty  method,  as  appropriate.  Intangible  assets  are amortized on a straight-line basis over the amortization periods noted below.

## Intangible Assets

| Estimated  Intangible Assets  Amount  Useful Life  (In thousands)  (In years)  Customer relationships  $  12,072  5.84  Developed technology  11,970  7.00  Trade names  2,565  5.00  $  26,607   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The contingent consideration represents the fair value of additional consideration payable to the seller, estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The amount of consideration to be distributed on the  18-month anniversary of the closing  is  based  on  a  multiplier  calculated  using  the  annualized  earnings  before  interest,  taxes,  depreciation  and amortization ('EBITDA') for the period December 2021 - May 2022. This multiplier is applied to the annualized trailing EBITDA  for  the  period  March  2022  -  May  2022  to  calculate  an  enterprise  value  of  MedCerts  as  of  May  2022.  The payment, if any, will equal 49% of the enterprise value less  49% of the original purchase price of  $70.0 million ($34.3 million). The Company and the MedCerts sellers have executed an agreement to extend the review period related to the earnout to mid-August 2022.

Subsequent  to  the  acquisition  date,  the  Company  is  required  to  reassess  its  estimate  of  the  fair  value  of contingent consideration, and record any changes in earnings when the estimate is based on information not known as of the acquisition date. During fiscal year 2021, the Company recorded an expense of $0.3 million related to the estimate of the fair value of its contingent consideration. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company recorded an expense of $0.2  million,  related  to  the  estimate  of  the  fair  value  of  its  contingent  consideration.  Those  adjustments  are  recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the contingent  consideration  as  of  June  30,  2022  was  $11.3  million  and  is  recorded  within  accrued  liabilities  on  the consolidated balance sheets.

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired business over the fair value of the tangible and  intangible  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed.  Goodwill  will  not  be  amortized  but  instead  will  be  tested  for impairment  at  least  annually  (or  more  frequently  if  indicators  of  impairment  arise).  In  the  event  that  management determines that the goodwill has become impaired, the Company will incur an accounting charge for the amount of the impairment during the fiscal quarter in which the determination is made. Goodwill is deductible for tax purposes.

Included in the Company's consolidated results of operations for the year ended June 30, 2021 are revenues and a loss from operations of $14.6 million and $3.5 million, respectively, related to MedCerts.

## Acquisition of Tech Elevator, Inc.

On  November  30,  2020,  the  Company  acquired  100%  of  Tech  Elevator  in  exchange  for  $ 23.5  million,  plus working capital of $2.2 million. Like Galvanize, Tech Elevator provides talent development for individuals and enterprises in  information  technology  fields.  The  acquisition  of  Tech  Elevator  expands  Galvanize's  student  demographic  profile, geographic footprint, and hiring partner portfolio; as well as provides additional curriculum to create appropriate content to offer high school students.

The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting, which results in acquired assets and assumed liabilities being measured at their fair values as of November 30, 2020, the acquisition date. As of the acquisition date, goodwill was measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

Based on management's valuation of the fair value of tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the purchase price was allocated as follows (in thousands):

## Allocation of Purchase Price

| Cash  $  1,736  Current assets, excluding cash  518  Property and equipment, net  513  Operating lease right-of-use assets, net  724  Intangible assets, net  7,105  Goodwill  17,897  Other assets  377  Current liabilities  (267)  Deferred revenue  (534)  Deferred tax liability  (1,650)  Current operating lease liability  (420)  Long-term operating lease liability  (304)  Total consideration  $  25,695   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of the identified intangible assets was determined primarily using an income-based approach of either the multi-period excess earnings method or relief from royalty method, as appropriate. Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the amortization periods noted below.

## Intangible Assets

| Estimated  Intangible Assets  Amount  Useful Life  (In thousands)  (In years)  Customer relationships  $  311  3.92  Developed technology  2,796  5.00  Trade names  3,998  15.00  $  7,105   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired business over the fair value of the tangible and  intangible  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed.  Goodwill  will  not  be  amortized  but  instead  will  be  tested  for impairment  at  least  annually  (or  more  frequently  if  indicators  of  impairment  arise).  In  the  event  that  management determines that the goodwill has become impaired, the Company will incur an accounting charge for the amount of the impairment during the fiscal quarter in which the determination is made. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.

Included in the Company's consolidated results of operations for the year ended June 30, 2021 are revenues and income from operations of $7.2 million and $0.4 million, respectively, related to Tech Elevator.

## Acquisition of Galvanize, Inc.

On January 27, 2020, the Company acquired  100% of Galvanize in exchange for $ 165.0 million, plus working capital of $9.2  million. Galvanize provides talent development for individuals and enterprises in information technology fields. The acquisition of Galvanize expands the Company's offerings to include post-secondary skills training in software engineering, technology staffing and developing talent and capabilities for companies. The Company also plans to use Galvanize's curriculum to create appropriate content to offer high school students.

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting, which results in acquired assets and assumed liabilities being measured at their fair values as of January 27, 2020, the acquisition date. As of the acquisition date, goodwill was measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

Based  on  management's  valuation  of  the  fair  value  of  tangible  and  intangible  assets  acquired  and  liabilities assumed, the purchase price was allocated as follows (in thousands):

## Allocation of Purchase Price

| Cash  $  9,232  Current assets, excluding cash  8,888  Property and equipment, net  11,270  Operating lease right-of-use assets, net  100,232  Intangible assets, net  68,483  Goodwill  81,225  Other assets  1,802  Current liabilities  (4,370)  Deferred revenue  (3,374)  Deferred tax asset (liability)  2,372  Current operating lease liability  (11,620)  Long-term operating lease liability  (89,782)  Other long-term liabilities  (130)  Total consideration  $  174,228   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company  made  several  adjustments  to  its  fiscal  year  2020  allocation  of  the  preliminary  purchase  price during fiscal year 2021.

- The  value  of  the  operating  lease  right-of-use  assets,  net  increased  from  $99.7  million  to $100.2  million. Lease  expense  in  fiscal  year  2021  was  not  significantly  impacted  by  the  updated  balance  as  of  the acquisition date.
- The  Company  and  the  sellers  finalized  its  working  capital  calculation  resulting  in  an  adjustment  to  the purchase price of $3.0 million.
- Goodwill decreased from $84.7 million to $81.2 million as a result of the adjustments above.

The fair value of the identified intangible assets was determined primarily using an income-based approach of either the multi-period excess earnings method or relief from royalty method, as well as the replacement cost approach, as appropriate. Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the amortization periods noted below.

## Intangible Assets

| Estimated  Intangible Assets  Amount  Useful Life  (In thousands)  (In years)  Customer relationships  $  4,785  4.22  Developed technology  3,357  4.00  Trade names  60,341  15.00  $  68,483   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired business over the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill will not be amortized, but instead will be tested for

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

impairment  at  least  annually  (or  more  frequently  if  indicators  of  impairment  arise).  In  the  event  that  management determines that the goodwill has become impaired, the Company will incur an accounting charge for the amount of the impairment during the fiscal quarter in which the determination is made. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.

## Pro Forma Combined Results of Operations

The following unaudited pro forma combined results of operations give effect to the acquisition of Galvanize as if it had occurred on July 1, 2018, and MedCerts and Tech Elevator as if they had occurred on July 1, 2019. The unaudited pro forma combined results of operations are provided for informational purposes only and do not purport to represent the Company's actual consolidated results of operations had the acquisitions occurred on the dates assumed, nor are these financial statements necessarily indicative of the Company's future consolidated results of operations. The unaudited pro forma combined results of operations do not reflect the costs of any integration activities or any benefits that may result from operating efficiencies or revenue synergies.

| Year Ended June 30,  (In thousands)  2021  2020  Revenues  $  1,552,173  $  1,091,429  Income from operations  111,287  2,647  Net income  72,443  (4,506)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Investments in Limited Partnerships

During fiscal year 2019, the Company invested in  two early stage funds focused on career education with a total commitment of $13.0 million. The Company invested in Rethink Education III, LP ('Rethink') and New Markets Education Partners II, L.P . ('New Markets') to support the development of new technologies that will advance online learning, to find early  opportunities  to  adopt  those  new  technologies  at  Stride,  and  to  simultaneously  achieve  a  reasonable  return  on investment. As of June 30, 2022, the Company has contributed an aggregate $8.5 million to these funds: $ 2.2 million is an investment in New Markets and is recorded at cost and will be adjusted, as necessary, for impairment; and $6.3 million is an investment in Rethink and is recorded under the equity method of accounting. The Company's investments in these funds are included in deposits and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.

## Investment in Tallo, Inc.

In August 2018, the Company made an initial investment of $ 6.7 million for a 39.5% minority interest in Tallo, Inc. ('Tallo'). In August 2020, the Company invested an additional $2.3 million which increased its minority interest to  46.1%. These  investments  in  preferred  stock,  which  contain  additional  rights  over  common  stock  and  have  no  readily determinable fair value, were recorded at cost and will be adjusted, as necessary, for impairment.  In the event Tallo issues equity at a materially different price than what the Company paid, the Company would also assess changing the carrying value.  In conjunction with the Company's initial investment in August 2018, Tallo also issued a convertible note to  the  Company for $5.0 million that is being accounted for as an available-for-sale debt security and adjusted to fair value quarterly. The note bears interest at the mid-term Applicable Federal Rate plus 25 bps per annum with a maturity of 48 months. The note is convertible at the Company's option into  3.67 million Series D Preferred Shares that, combined with the shares resulting from the conversion of the accrued interest, would give the Company an effective ownership of 55% if exercised. In October 2021, the Company agreed to loan Tallo up to $ 3.0 million. This promissory note bears interest at 5% and has a maturity date of  five years. The promissory note does not contain any means of conversion into additional ownership by the Company. During the second and third quarters of fiscal year 2022, the Company funded $3.0 million under the promissory note.

During fiscal year 2022, the Company adjusted its investment in Tallo preferred stock to fair value and recorded an impairment charge of $4.5 million to other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of operations. Also, during fiscal year 2022, the Company recorded a credit loss expense of $4.1 million to reduce the carrying amount of the convertible note and $3.0 million to reduce the carrying amount of the promissory note. The credit loss expenses are recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Additionally,

## STRIDE, INC.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

the Company reversed an aggregate $0.4 million of accrued interest on both instruments and made an accounting policy election  to  record  this  within  interest  income  (expense),  net  on  the  consolidated  statements  of  operations.  The Company's investment in Tallo, the convertible note, and promissory note are included in deposits and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.

## 13. Related Party Transactions

The Company contributed to Future of School, a charity focused on access to quality education. Future of School is  a  related  party  as  an  executive  officer  of  the  Company  serves  on  its  Board  of  Directors.  During  the  years  ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, contributions made by the Company to Future of School were $1.2 million, $1.3 million, and  $1.2  million,  respectively.  In  fiscal  year  2019  and  2021,  the  Company  accrued  $ 2.5  million  and  $3.5  million, respectively, for contributions to be made in subsequent years. The amounts shown for the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 reduced those obligations and as of June 30, 2022, $2.3 million remains outstanding as related to the fiscal year 2021 accrual.

## 14. Employee Benefits

The Company maintains a 401(k) salary deferral plan (the '401(k) Plan') for its employees. Employees who have been employed for at least 30 days may voluntarily contribute to the 401(k) Plan on a pretax basis, up to the maximum allowed by the Internal Revenue Service. The 401(k) Plan provides for a matching Company contribution of 50%, up to first 5% of each participant's contribution. The Company expensed $ 6.1 million, $3.8 million and $1.8 million during the years ended June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, under the 401(k) Plan.

## 15. Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information

| Year Ended June 30,  2022  2021  2020  Cash paid for interest  $  6,641  $  4,504  $  1,287  Cash paid for taxes  $  35,972  18,717  $  3,384  Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities:  Right-of-use assets obtained as a result of the adoption of ASC 842  $  -  $  -  $  17,652  Right-of-use assets obtained from acquisitions  -  1,280  99,676  Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities  23,232  66,861  17,160  Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities:  Stock-based compensation expense capitalized on software development  $  374  $  255  $  229  Stock-based compensation expense capitalized on curriculum  development  88  116  184  Non-cash purchase price related to business combinations  1,145  -  -  Business combinations:  Acquired assets  $  394  $  11,043  $  130,868  Intangible assets  2,157  33,712  68,483  Goodwill  600  68,930  84,741  Assumed liabilities  (58)  (4,826)  (103,490)  Deferred revenue  (1,030)  (2,096)  (3,374)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SCHEDULE II

## STRIDE, INC. VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

## Years Ending June 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020

## 1. ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS

| Additions  Balance at  Charged to  Deductions from  Beginning  Cost and  (Net Increases to)  Balance at  of Period  Expenses  Allowance  End of Period  June 30, 2022  $ 21,383,543  8,555,918  2,946,424  $ 26,993,037  June 30, 2021  $  6,807,674  6,561,243  (8,014,626)  $ 21,383,543  June 30, 2020  $ 11,765,869  2,882,067  7,840,262  $  6,807,674   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2. INVENTORY RESERVES

| Balance at  Charged to  Deductions,  Beginning  Cost and  Shrinkage and  Balance at  of Period  Expenses  Obsolescence  End of Period  June 30, 2022  $ 5,647,283  880,809  71,046  $ 6,457,046  June 30, 2021  $ 4,817,300  1,038,019  208,036  $ 5,647,283  June 30, 2020  $ 4,131,386  877,357  191,443  $ 4,817,300   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3. COMPUTER RESERVE (1)

| Additions  Balance at  Charged to  Deductions,  Beginning  Cost and  Shrinkage and  Balance at  of Period  Expenses  Obsolescence  End of Period  June 30, 2022  $ 2,273,372  135,948  $ 369,549  $ 2,039,771  June 30, 2021  $  811,682  2,007,076  545,386  $ 2,273,372  June 30, 2020  $  788,230  835,488  812,036  $  811,682   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) A  reserve  account  is  maintained  against  potential  obsolescence  of,  and  damage  beyond  economic  repair  to, computers  provided  to  the  Company's  students.  The  reserve  is  calculated  based  upon  several  factors  including historical percentages, the net book value and the remaining useful life. During fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, certain computers were written off against the reserve.

## 4. INCOME TAX VALUATION ALLOWANCE

| Additions to    Deductions in  Balance at  Net Deferred  Net Deferred  Beginning  Tax Asset  Tax Asset  Balance at  of Period  Allowance  Allowance  End of Period  June 30, 2022  $ 5,047,078  1,630,274  -  $ 6,677,352  June 30, 2021  $ 4,990,768  123,249  66,939  $ 5,047,078  June 30, 2020  $ 4,548,900  441,868  -  $ 4,990,768   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ITEM 9. CHANGES  IN  AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND  FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

## ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

## Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As required by Rule 13a-15(d) under the Exchange Act management has evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end  of  the  period  covered  by  this  report.  Disclosure  controls  and  procedures  refer  to  controls  and  other  procedures designed  to  ensure  that  information  required  to  be  disclosed  in  the  reports  the  Company  files  or  submits  under  the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding our required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level.

## Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.

Internal control over financial reporting refers to a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles  and  includes  those  policies  and procedures that:

- pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;
- provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  and  that  our  receipts  and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and members of our board of directors; and
- provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.

Internal  control  over  financial  reporting  cannot  provide  absolute  assurance  of  achieving  financial  reporting objectives  because  of  inherent  limitations.  Internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  that  involves  human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial  reporting.  However,  these  inherent  limitations  are  known  features  of  the  financial  reporting  process,  and  it  is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk.

Management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2022 using the framework set forth in the report of the Treadway Commission's Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO), 'Internal  Control-Integrated  Framework  (2013).'  As  a  result  of  management's  evaluation  of  our  internal  control  over financial reporting, management concluded that as of June 30, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was

effective. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2022 has been audited by BDO USA, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which appears on the subsequent page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting:

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2022 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Board of Directors and Stockholders Stride, Inc. Reston, Virginia

## Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited Stride, Inc.'s (the 'Company's') internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the 'COSO criteria'). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2022, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited,  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  Public  Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board (United States) ('PCAOB'), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of June 30, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years  in  the  period  ended  June  30,  2022,  and  the  related  notes  and  financial  statement  schedule  listed  in  the accompanying index and our report dated August 9, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying 'Item 9A, Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting'. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We  conducted  our  audit  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the PCAOB. Those standards require  that  we  plan  and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and  evaluating  the  design  and  operating  effectiveness  of  internal  control  based  on  the  assessed  risk.  Our  audit  also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A  company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly  reflect  the  transactions  and  dispositions  of  the  assets  of  the  company;  (2)  provide  reasonable  assurance  that transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with  authorizations  of  management  and  directors  of  the  company;  and  (3)  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because  of  its inherent limitations, internal control over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may  become  inadequate  because  of  changes  in  conditions,  or  that  the  degree  of  compliance  with  the  policies  or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ BDO USA, LLP

## ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

## Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws

On August 4, 2022, our Board of Directors amended and restated the Company's bylaws (the 'Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws') to, among other things (i) reflect  amendments to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and (ii) clarify certain corporate procedures. Included among the amendments are additions to the procedures for stockholders to properly bring business before an annual or special meeting of stockholders (Article III, Sections 3 and 4)  and  modernized  procedures  regarding  how  stockholders  may  vote  or  authorize  a  proxy  at  a  stockholder  meeting (Article III, Section 9) and examine the list of stockholders entitled to vote at a stockholder meeting (Article III, Section 10). The  amendment  also  removes  the  requirement  for  75%  of  the  members  of  the  Board  of  Directors  to  approve  an amendment  to  Article  IV,  Section  1  of  the  Fourth  Amended  and  Restated  Bylaws,  which  determines  the  number  of directors that shall constitute the whole Board of Directors.

The foregoing description of the Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 3.2 and incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.

## Medina Transition Agreement

On August 5, 2022, the Company and Timothy Medina, the Company's former Chief Financial Officer and current Special  Advisor  to  the  Chief  Executive  Officer,  entered  into  a  transition  agreement  (the  'Transition  Agreement').  The Transition Agreement provides that Mr. Medina will continue as a non-executive employee of the Company in his role as Special Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer until June 30, 2023 (the 'Employment Period'). During the Employment Period, Mr. Medina will receive a base salary at an annualized rate equal to $475,000 until September 30, 2022, reduced to $36,000 for the remainder of the Employment Period, and continue to vest in his outstanding equity awards.  Provided that  Mr.  Medina  remains employed through January 1, 2023, the Company will pay Mr. Medina a one-time lump sum cash  payment  in  the  amount  of  $237,500,  on  or  before  January  15,  2023. If  Mr.  Medina  remains  employed  with  the Company through June 30, 2023, or, if prior to that date his employment with the Company is terminated for reasons other than his voluntary resignation, then, subject to Mr. Medina executing and not revoking a release of claims, he will receive a lump-sum payment equal to $237,500 (plus the amount in the preceding sentence if not previously paid).

The foregoing description of the Transition Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Transition Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.20 and incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10K by reference.

## ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not Applicable.

## PART III

We  will  file  a  definitive  Proxy  Statement  for  our  2022  Annual  Meeting  of  Stockholders  (the  2022  Proxy Statement') with the SEC, pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal  year.  Accordingly,  certain  information  required  by  Part  III  has  been  omitted  under  General  Instruction  G(3)  to Form  10-K.  Only  those  sections  of  the  2022  Proxy  Statement  that  specifically  address  the  items  set  forth  herein  are incorporated by reference.

## ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference to our 2022 Proxy Statement under the captions 'Proposal 1: Election of Directors,' 'Corporate Governance and Board Matters' and, if applicable, 'Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports.'

We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all directors, officers and employees. The  Code  of  Business  Conduct  and  Ethics  is  available  on  our  website  at  www.stridelearning.com  under  the  Investor Relations - Governance section. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements under the Exchange Act regarding any amendment to, or waiver from a material provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics involving our principal executive, financial or accounting officer or controller by posting such information on our website.

## ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference to our 2022 Proxy Statement under the captions 'Compensation  Discussion and Analysis,' 'Compensation  Tables,' 'Compensation  Committee  Report,' 'Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation' and 'Director Compensation for Fiscal 2022.'

## ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND, MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference to our 2022 Proxy Statement under the caption 'Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.'

## Stock-based Incentive Plan Information

The following table provides certain information as of June 30, 2022, with respect to our equity compensation plans under which common stock is authorized for issuance:

| ## Equity Compensation Plan Information As of June 30, 2022  Number of  Number of Securities  Securities to be  Remaining Available for  Issued Upon  Future Issuance under  Exercise of  Weighted-Average  Equity Compensation  Outstanding  Exercise Price of  Plans (Excluding Securities  Options  Outstanding Options  Reflected in First Column)  Equity compensation plans approved by security  holders  1,350 (1)$  14.77  1,915,531 (2)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Includes shares under the 2016 Incentive Award Plan ('2016 Plan') and the 2007 Equity Incentive Award Plan ('2007 Plan').

(2) The  2016  Plan,  which  became  effective  upon  its  approval  by  the  stockholders  on  December  15,  2016, authorizes the issuance of up to 9,768,550 shares as of the effective date.

## ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference to our 2022 Proxy Statement under the captions 'Certain Relationships and Related-Party Transactions' and 'Director Independence.'

## ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference to our 2022 Proxy Statement under the caption 'Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.'

## PART IV

## ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

## (a)(1) Financial Statements.

The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the financial statements and notes thereto listed in Item 8 of Part II and included in this Annual Report.

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules.

Except for Schedule II, which was presented separately, all financial statement schedules are omitted because the required information is included in the financial statements and notes thereto listed in Item 8 of Part II and included in this Annual Report.

## (c) Exhibits.

The following exhibits are incorporated by reference or filed herewith.

See Exhibit Index

## ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

## Exhibit Index

| Exhibit No.  Description of Exhibit  2.1  Agreement  and  Plan  of  Merger,  dated  January  21,  2020,  by  and  among  K12  Management  Inc.  and  KAcquisitionCo Inc., on the one hand, and Galvanize Inc. and Fortis Advisors LLC, as Securityholders'  Representative (solely with respect to Article XIII), on the other hand (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  2.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 27, 2020, File No. 001-  33883).  3.1  Fifth Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Stride, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the  Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 16, 2020, File No. 001-33883).  3.2  Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Stride, Inc.  4.1  Form of stock certificate of common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's  Amendment No. 4 to Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on November 8, 2007, File  No. 333-144894).  4.2*  Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2016 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2017, filed with  the SEC on August 9, 2017, File No. 001-33883).  4.3*  Form  of  Restricted  Stock  Award  Agreement  under  the  2016  Incentive  Award  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,  2017, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2017, File No. 001-33883).  4.4*  K12 Inc. 2016 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Post-  Effective Amendment to Form S-8, filed on March 22, 2017, File No. 333-213033).  4.5*  K12 Inc. 2007 Equity Incentive Award Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the  Registrant's  Definitive  Proxy  Statement  on  Schedule  14A,  filed  on  October  28,  2015,  File  No.  001-  33883).  4.6*  Form  of  Indemnification  Agreement  for  Non-Management  Directors  and  for  Officers  of  K12  Inc.  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.1  to  the  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter ended September 30, 2008, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2008, File No. 001-33883).  4.7  Form  of  Director's  Indemnification  Agreement  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.1  to  the  Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 22, 2008, File No. 001-33883).  4.8  Form  of  Second  Amended  and  Restated  Stockholders  Agreement  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on July 27, 2007,  File No. 333-144894).  4.9  Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Registrant's Annual Report  on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2019, filed with the SEC on August 7, 2019, File No. 001-  33883).  4.10  Indenture, 1.125% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2027, dated as of August 31, 2020, between K12 Inc.  and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the  Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020, File No. 001-33883)  4.11  Form of Global Note representing the 1.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC  on September 1, 2020, File No. 001-33883).  10.1*  Amendment  to  Amended  and  Restated  Stock  Option  Agreement,  dated  December  23,  2010  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.1  to  the  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter ended December 31, 2010, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2011, File No. 001-33883).  10.2*  Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement of Nathaniel A. Davis, dated January 27, 2016.  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.1  to  the  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on January 28, 2016, File No. 001-33883).  10.3*  Form  of  Performance  Share  Unit  Agreement  under  the  2016  Incentive  Award  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,  2017, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2017, File No. 001-33883).  10.4*  Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement under the 2007 Equity Incentive Award Plan, as amended  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.3  to  the  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter ended September 30, 2015, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2015, File No. 001-33883).  10.5*  Form of Executive Change in Control Severance Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to  the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 11, 2020, File No. 001-33883).   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit No.  Description of Exhibit  10.6  Deed of Lease by and between ACP/2300 Corporate Park Drive, LLC and K12 Inc., dated December 7,  2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant's Amendment No. 1 to Registration  Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 26, 2007, File No. 333-144894).  10.7  First Amendment to Deed of Lease by and between ACP/2300 Corporate Park Owner, LLC and K12 Inc.,  dated November 30, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant's Annual Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended  June  30,  2008,  filed  with  the  SEC  on  September  26,  2008,  File  No. 001-33883).  10.8  Second  Amendment  to  Deed  of  Lease  by  and  between  ACP/2300  Corporate  Park  Owner,  LLC  and  K12 Inc., dated March 26, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant's Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2008, filed with the SEC on September 26, 2008, File  No. 001-33883).  10.9*  Form  of  Stock  Option  Agreement  under  the  2007  Equity  Incentive  Award  Plan,  as  amended  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year  ended June 30, 2015, filed with the SEC on August 4, 2015, File No. 001-33883).  10.10*  Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2007 Equity Incentive Award Plan, as amended  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year  ended June 30, 2015, filed with the SEC on August 4, 2015, File No. 001-33883).  10.11*  First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement of Nathaniel A. Davis,  dated April 20, 2018. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed with the SEC on April 25, 2018, File No. 001-  33883).  10.12*  Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement of Nathaniel A. Davis,  dated August 29, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on  Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 3, 2019, File No. 001-33883).  10.13  Credit Agreement, dated January 27, 2020, by and among K12 Inc., the guarantors party thereto, the  lenders  party  thereto,  PNC  Bank,  National  Association,  as  administrative  agent  (incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January  27, 2020, File No. 001-33883).  10.14*  Employment  Agreement  of  Timothy  J.  Medina,  dated  April  6,  2020  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.1  to  the  Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 8, 2020, File  No. 001-33883).  10.15*  Third  Amendment  to  Second  Amended  and  Restated  Employment  Agreement  of  Nathaniel  A.  Davis,  dated June 10, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on  Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 11, 2020, File No. 001-33883).  10.16  Form of Capped Call Transaction Confirmation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the  Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020, File No. 001-33883).  10.17  First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated August 25, 2020, by and among K12 Inc., the guarantors  party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the  SEC on August 26, 2020, File No. 001-33883).  10.18*  Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement of Nathaniel A. Davis,  dated January 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on  Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021, File No. 001 33883).  10.19  Employment Agreement of James J. Rhyu, dated February 25, 2022 (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022,  File No. 001-33883).  10.20  Employment Transition Agreement between Stride, Inc. and Timothy Medina, dated August 5, 2022  21.1  Subsidiaries of K12 Inc.  23.1  Consent of BDO USA, LLP.  24.1  Power of Attorney (included in signature pages).  31.1  Certification of Principal Executive Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act  of 1934, as amended.  31.2  Certification of Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act  of 1934, as amended.  32.1  Certification of Principal Executive Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act  of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit No.  Description of Exhibit  32.2  Certification of Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act  of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  99.1†  Third  Amended  and  Restated  Educational  Products  and  Administrative,  and  Technology  Services  Agreement  between  the  Ohio  Virtual  Academy  and  K12  Virtual  Schools  L.L.C.,  dated  July  1,  2017  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year  ended June 30, 2017, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2017, File No. 001-33883).  101.INS  Inline  XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File  because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document  101.SCH  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  101.CAL  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation  101.LAB  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels  101.PRE  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation  101.DEF  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition  104  The cover page from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, formatted in Inline XBRL (contained in Exhibit  101)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes management compensation plan or arrangement.

† Confidential treatment requested with the Securities and Exchange Commission as to certain portions. Confidential materials omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

August 10, 2022

## STRIDE, INC.

| By:  /s/ JAMES J. RHYU  Name:  James J. Rhyu  Title:  Chief Executive Officer   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## POWER OF ATTORNEY

Know all persons by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints James J.  Rhyu,  Donna  M.  Blackman  and  Vincent  W.  Mathis,  and  each  of  them  severally,  his  or  her  true  and  lawful attorney-in-fact with power of substitution and resubstitution to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities,  to  do  any  and  all  things  and  execute  any  and  all  instruments  that  such  attorney  may  deem  necessary  or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S.  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  in  connection  with  the  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  and  any  and  all amendments hereto, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said

attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

| Signature  Title  Date  /s/ JAMES J. RHYU  Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  August 10, 2022  James J. Rhyu  /s/ DONNA M. BLACKMAN  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting  Officer)  August 10, 2022  Donna M. Blackman  /s/ NATHANIEL A. DAVIS  Executive Chairman  August 10, 2022  Nathaniel A. Davis  /s/ AIDA M. ALVAREZ  Director  August 10, 2022  Aida M. Alvarez  /s/ CRAIG R. BARRETT  Director  August 10, 2022  Craig R. Barrett  /s/ ROBERT L. COHEN  Director  August 10, 2022  Robert L. Cohen  /s/ STEVEN B. FINK  Director  August 10, 2022  Steven B. Fink  /s/ VICTORIA D. HARKER  Director  August 10, 2022  Victoria D. Harker  /s/ ROBERT E. KNOWLING, JR.  Director  August 10, 2022  Robert E. Knowling, Jr.  /s/ LIZA McFADDEN  Director  August 10, 2022  Liza McFadden  Director  August 10, 2022  Joseph A.Verbrugge   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|