<!-- image -->

## ANNUAL REPORT 2022

<!-- image -->

## CONTENTS

- 1 Corporate	Profile
- 2 Message	to	Shareholders
- 4 Financial	Highlights
- 5 Financial	Review
- 6 Board	of	Directors
- 9 Key	Executives
- 11 Corporate	Social	Responsibility
- 12 Corporate	Information
- 13 Financial	Contents

<!-- image -->

Headquartered in Singapore, SUTL Enterprise Limited ('SUTL Enterprise' or together with its subsidiaries, the 'Group') is a leading developer, operator and consultant of integrated marinas. It is currently the only marina business listed on the SGX. The Group develops infrastructure for integrated marinas and also provides consultancy services for such projects. It operates its own marinas under its proprietary ONE°15 brand, as well as those of third parties under management contracts. In addition, the Group has a complementary yacht chartering business with a fleet of more than 40 luxury yachts, under its fully-owned subsidiary, ONE15 Luxury Yachting.

SUTL Enterprise's pipeline of to be completed marinas, which will bear its ONE°15 brand includes the Indonesia Navy Club managed by ONE°15 in Jakarta, Indonesia; Taihu International Marina  managed  by  ONE°15  Marina  in  Suzhou,  China; ONE°15 Marina Nirup Island, Indonesia and ONE°15 Marina Logan Cove Zhongshan, China. SUTL Enterprise's vision is to be Asia's leading premier integrated marina developer.

SUTL Global Pte Ltd, which is a privately held lifestyle consumer goods and services enterprise, holds a 55.07% stake in SUTL Enterprise.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Dear Shareholders,

2022 marked the year when most of the world broke free from the shackles of COVID-19 restrictions and shifted to an endemic phase. With most countries throwing open their borders  and  allowing  economic  and  leisure  activities  to resume, many industries roared back to life.

Against  this  backdrop,  the  Group  rebounded  strongly  as marina and related activities kicked into full swing. It was such  a  delight  to  see  our  members  enjoying  our  marina again.  Families  were  dining  in  and  enjoying  the  facilities and we were able to host and organise more events that they could partake of. Beyond the onsite activities, boating enthusiasts and lifestyle seekers drove up demand for yacht chartering services, while we saw an increase in the number of vessels coming in and out of our marina.

What a joy it was to witness the return of all that compared to  the  highly  subdued  mood  during  the  pandemic.  We will continue to roll out more marketing and promotional activities to drive revenue across our segments.

During the year, the Group  organised  and  held the inaugural  Blue  Water  EduFest.  The  four-day  non-profit event - comprising an educational conference and nightly networking  cocktail  parties  -  sought  to  raise  awareness about ocean and marine conservation and to highlight the efforts of eco-champions around the region.

The  event  was  well  attended  by  policy  makers,  players involved in infrastructure development, boaters and yacht  owners,  entrepreneurs  and  social-preneurs,  ecopersonalities and celebrities, media influencers and individuals with a keen interest in protecting the world's oceans and coastlines. Mr Desmond Lee, and Minister-inCharge of Social Services, was the Guest of Honour for the festival and Fabien Cousteau, a renowned Oceanographic Explorer  and  aquanaut,  was  the  keynote  speaker  at  the conference.

We aim to make the Blue Water EduFest an annual fixture in  our activity calendar. Through it, we hope to put our marina, and Singapore, on the map not only as a yachting destination  to  attract  more  boaters  and  international yachting events, but also as the region's leading stalwart for ocean and marine conservation.

In line with the higher activity level, the Group performed strongly for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 ('FY2022'). Net attributable profit surged 53% to S$7.5 million in FY2022 from S$4.9 million in the previous year ('FY2021'). Sales of goods and services leapt 35% yearon-year  ('YoY')  to  S$27.5  million  in  FY2022,  due  to  an increase in banquet, F&amp;B, room and marina income. This had more than offset the 8% YoY decline in membershiprelated fees and management fees to S$10.6 million due to  lesser  deferred  membership  income  recognised  in FY2022.

The  Group's  balance  sheet  also  remained  robust.  Net asset value per share was 70.56 Singapore cents as at 31 December 2022, compared to 63.29 Singapore cents as at 31 December 2021.

<!-- image -->

To  share  the  fruits  of  a  good  year  with  shareholders, the  Board  of  Directors  proposed  a  final  cash  dividend of  5  Singapore  cents  per  ordinary  share  for  FY2022, representing  57.2%  of  net  attributable  profit  during  the year. This compares to FY2021's final cash dividend of 2.0 Singapore cents per ordinary share.

## Robust outlook

Moving forward, the marina industry is expected to grow from strength to strength driven by the growing lifestyle of luxurious leisure and sports activities. According to research house  IMARC  Group,  the  global  luxury  yacht  market  is forecast to expand at an annual compounded rate of 9.8% to US$12.7 billion by 2028. The global luxury yacht market size was valued at US$7.2 Billion in 2022.

The Group will continue to derive its revenue mainly from operating the ONE°15 Marina Club in Sentosa, Singapore ('ONE°15 Sentosa'). The Group will also continue to provide consultancy to and managing of third-party owned marinas located in China and Indonesia under the ONE°15 brand.

In Malaysia, ONE°15  Puteri Harbour  Marina (the 'JB project') has filed the deed of cessation of the membership program with the Companies Commission of Malaysia. The Group is now in the process of selling the assets in the JB project and winding down all operations in the country. We believe we have taken the right decision in this given the sluggish demand for long term memberships in that region. Meanwhile,  the  Group  has  resumed  its  hunt  for  suitable opportunities  in  Asia-Pacific.  These  include  management contracts for third party marinas, potential acquisition of existing marinas and projects to develop new integrated marinas.

## Appreciation

In  closing,  we  would  like  to  thank  our  fellow  Directors for  their  invaluable  insight  and  guidance  in  navigating through  another  year.  We  are  also  grateful  to  the management and staff of the Group for their hard work and dedication to deliver a robust set of FY2022 results. We  would  also  like  to  express  our  appreciation  to  our business partners and other stakeholders for their confidence and support. Finally, from the bottom of our hearts, we are thankful to our shareholders for their belief in the Group through thick and thin.

With the wind back in our sails, we will work towards a better FY2023.

Richard Eu Yee Ming Non-executive Chairman and Independent Director

Arthur Tay Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

With COVID-19 restrictions largely lifted and most  borders  open,  this  has  brought  about resumption of leisure and lifestyle activities. As a result, the Group is able to deliver a robust set of results for the year.

## Income Statement

The Group's sales of goods and services rose 35% year-onyear ('YoY') to S$27.5 million in FY2022 due to an increase in banquet, F&amp;B, chartering, room and marina income. This more than offset the 8% YoY decline in membership-related fees and management fees to S$10.6 million due to less deferred membership income recognised in FY2022.

The Group's overall expenses rose in line with the higher activity  level  with  more  being  spent  on  advertising, publication  and  events  as  well  as  maintenance  related expenses. Staff costs, which form the largest expense, rose 11% YoY to S$12.1 million in FY2022 as the Group boosted headcount to support the ramp-up in operations. Along the same thread, cost of sales increased 76% YoY to S$5.6 million. In view of economic uncertainties, the Group also made allowance for receivables of S$0.4 million in FY2022 as  compared  to  S$2,000  in  the  previous  corresponding financial year ('FY2021').

On the back of the strong top line growth, the Group's net attributable profit surged 53% to S$7.5 million in FY2022 from S$4.9 million in FY2021.

## Financial Position

The  Group's  financial  position  strengthened  as  at  31 December 2022 with equity attributable to owners of the Company at S$60.7 million as compared to S$54.4 million as at 31 December 2021.

The net assets of S$57.6 million as at 31 December 2022 included cash and cash equivalents of S$25.7 million and S$29.7 million of short term financial assets, as compared to  net  assets  of  S$51.6  million  including  cash  and  cash equivalents of S$46.7 million as at 31 December 2021.

In line with the Group's stellar performance for FY2022, basic earnings per share was 8.74 Singapore cents (5.74 Singapore  cents  in  FY2021).  Net  asset  value  per  share was  70.56  Singapore  cents  as  at  31  December  2022 (63.29 Singapore cents as at 31 December 2021).

## Cash Flow

The  Group's  net  cash  flows  generated  from  operating activities were S$11.7 million in FY2022 (S$7.7 million in  FY2021).  Net  cash  flows  used  in  investing  activities totalled  to  S$30.6  million  in  FY2022  (S$2.0  million  in FY2021) including purchase of short term financial assets issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and other financial institutions amounting to S$29.7 million (NIL in FY2021). The Company paid dividends of S$1.7 million in FY2022 (S$10.3 million in FY2021).

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Richard Eu Yee Ming

Non-executive Chairman and Independent Director

Mr Richard Eu was appointed as Non-Executive Chairman and Independent Director of the company since 31 December 2021 and was last re-elected in April 2022.

Mr  Eu  is  the  Chairman  of  Eu  Yan  Sang  International  Ltd  (EYSIL).  In respect of EYSIL, he leads the board in providing governance oversight, deliberating Group strategy, and providing counsel to the Group CEO. Richard joined the business in 1989 and served as the Group CEO from 2002 until 2017. He has been instrumental in transforming EYSIL into one of the largest Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) groups in Asia today.

Mr Eu was named the Ernst &amp; Young Entrepreneur of the Year 2011 (Singapore)  and  represented  Singapore  at  the  Ernst  &amp;  Young  World Entrepreneur of The Year 2012 Award in Monte Carlo, Monaco.

Mr Eu is also currently the Chairman of Tuan Sing Holdings Limited. He also sits on the board of other private companies including Nippon Life India  Asset  Management  Singapore  Pte  Ltd  and  Dragonfly  Education Group.  He  is  also  active  in  the  non-profit  sector,  serving  as  the  ProChancellor of the Singapore University of Social Sciences and as well as on the boards of the Thye Hua Kuan Moral Charities group, one of the largest charitable bodies in Singapore.

Mr Eu holds a LL.B (Hons) degree from the University of London.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Arthur Tay Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer

Mr Arthur Tay is an Executive Director and CEO of the Company and is  responsible for the overall management of the Group. He was first appointed as Non-Executive Director in January 2010 and was last reelected in April 2021. He was made the CEO of the Company on 1 May 2010.

Mr Tay is also the Chairman and CEO of the SUTL Group of Companies, a family-owned, professionally-managed lifestyle consumer goods and services enterprise, which has businesses globally. He is also an active philanthropist and grassroots leader.

He holds an MBA in Real Estate and Finance.

Peter Tay Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Mr Peter Tay was appointed as Non-Executive Director of the Company in January 2010 and was last re-elected in April 2022.

Mr Tay is also a shareholder and Executive Director of SUTL Group of Companies. He  has  been  with  SUTL  Group  of  Companies  for  more  than  20  years  and  is responsible for building projects, building management, logistics and warehouse management.

Mr Tay was the Project Director for the development of ONE°15 Marina Sentosa Cove. He graduated from Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh, UK with a Bachelor of Engineering.

Chan Kum Tao Non-Executive Director

Mr Chan Kum Tao was appointed a Non - Executive Director in January 2010 and was last re-elected in June 2020.

Mr Chan is  also  the  Chief  Financial  Officer  of  SUTL  Group  of  Companies.  Prior to that, he held senior financial positions in Singapore companies as well as in multinational corporations in Singapore and overseas.

He is a Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountant (UK), and a Fellow of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.

Yeo Wee Kiong Independent Director

Mr Yeo Wee Kiong was appointed an Independent Director on 7 August 2019 and was last re-elected in June 2020. Mr Yeo is a board member of AF Global Ltd and Pacific Century Regional Development Ltd. He is also an adviser of Heliconia Management Pte Ltd, a wholly owned fund management subsidiary of Temasek Holdings (Private) Ltd. Mr Yeo is an ex-Director of a leading Singapore Law Firm and is currently a retiree. Prior to this, he was the founder and managing partner of a law firm. Before his career progression into law, Mr Yeo was a former investment banker with a Singapore-based UK merchant bank and an ex-senior industry officer with a government statutory board.

Mr Yeo holds a Bachelor degree in Engineering (Mechanical) (First Class Honours) and a Master in Business Administration from the then University of Singapore and  the  National  University  of  Singapore  respectively.  He  also  graduated  with an Honours degree in law from the University College of London and is also a Barrister-at-Law of Lincoln's Inn for England and Wales.

Darren Oh General Manager Business Development (Marina)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Mr Darren Oh was appointed as General Manager, Group Business Development. He is responsible for the expansion of ONE°15 Marina in Asia, Europe &amp; Americas by providing management consultancy in major cities and tourist destinations. He develops and customises each marina operating model based on the marina developmental stage and locality of the marina industry to achieve the overall master plan objectives.

Prior  to  this,  Mr  Oh  spent  over  20  years  in  the  service  industry  in  both  public and private sectors including DBS Bank, Singapore Tourism Board and Gardens by the Bay. His other professional experience includes heading Singapore Tourism Board  offices  in  Vietnam  and  Taiwan,  and  served  as  founding  member  of  the management team that developed and operated the award-winning Gardens by the Bay.

Mr Oh graduated with a Bachelor in Business (1st Class Honours) from Nanyang Technological University and a Master of Management in Hospitality from Cornell University.

Jonathan Sit General Manager, ONE°15 Marina Sentosa Cove, Singapore

Mr Jonathan Sit was appointed General Manager of ONE°15 Marina Sentosa Cove. He is responsible for strategic and operational activities in ONE°15 Marina Sentosa Cove. Under his leadership, he oversaw the completion of the marina upgrade and reconfiguration to cater for more superyachts. ONE°15 Marina Sentosa Cove also achieved the 'Marina World' International Marina of the Year award by the Marina Industries Association (MIA) in 2021.

Mr  Sit  joined  the  company  as  a  Management  Associate.  He  had  successfully helmed various managerial positions across a number of revenue centres within the company for 8 years prior to his most recent appointment.

A Hong Kong native, Mr Sit earned his bachelor's degree at Cornell University's School  of  Hotel  Administration  in  New  York.  He  also  holds  an  MBA  from  the National University of Singapore.

Sabrina Shi Deputy General Manager,

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

ONE°15 Marina Sentosa Cove, Singapore

Ms Sabrina  Shi  was  appointed  as  Deputy  General  Manager  of  ONE°15  Marina Sentosa Cove. She is responsible for in assisting Mr Jonathan Sit in developing and implementing strategies to improve the company's profitability and reputation, as well as ensuring excellence in guests' experience across all touchpoints of the Club.

Prior  to  this  role,  Ms  Shi  had  23  years  of  global  experience  in  the  hospitality industry,  including  17  years  in  managerial  positions  at  TFE  Hotel  in  Sydney, Orchard Parksuites in Singapore, Fraser Suites in Perth, and Ascott in Shanghai. Ms Shi was also selected as one of the five candidates globally to complete and graduate from TFE Hotels' Senior Management Leadership program.

Ms. Shi graduated with a degree in Hotel Management from Shanghai University.

Brian Werner General Manager,

ONE°15 Marina Puteri Harbour, Malaysia

Mr  Brian  Werner  was  appointed  General  Manager  of  ONE°15  Marina  Puteri Harbour, Malaysia. He is responsible for the day to day operations of the ONE°15 Estuari Sports Centre and the public marina.

Spanning over 30 years of work experience, Mr Werner's vast areas of expertise includes project development, sales and marketing, and the management and administration of award- winning resorts, hotels, golf and country clubs as well as dining outlets, sports facilities, trade events, and marinas in Asia, Mexico, Central America and the United States. In addition, he also served as General Manager of ONE°15 Marina Sentosa Cove from 2012 to 2016. Prior to returning to SUTL Enterprise, he also managed Sutera Harbour Golf Club and Marina in Malaysia as well  as  successfully  secured  management  contracts  and  agreements  in  China, Thailand, Indonesia, Philippines, and Malaysia.

Mr Werner graduated with a B.A. in Recreation Administration from San Diego State University.

Tan Choon Kiat Jeffery Group Financial Controller

Mr Jeffery Tan was appointed as Group Financial Controller. He is responsible for the overall financial management of the Group.

Mr Tan was with KPMG LLP for several years before joining  SUTL  Group  as  an Accountant. He had held various managerial positions in the group for 7 years prior to his current appointment in 2014.

Mr Tan graduated from the National University of Singapore and University of Melbourne (U21 Global) with a Bachelor in Business Administration and Master in Business Administration respectively. He is also a member of Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.

<!-- image -->

## Blue Water EduFest, an inaugural ocean and marine conservation event, was staged in November 2022

Marine and eco-champions around the region converged at Blue Water EduFest which took place from 3-6 November 2022 at ONE°15 Marina Sentosa Cove Singapore.

Organised by ONE15 Events Management, a subsidiary of SUTL Enterprise Limited, the event opened with a welcome address  by  Guest-of-Honour,  Mr  Desmond  Lee,  Minister for National Development and Minister-in-Charge of Social Services Integration, who shared about Singapore's commitment to marine and coastal conservation.

The event highlights included a 2-day educational conference, nightly networking cocktail parties, an awards ceremony that recognised eco-heroes and a marina clean up that comprised over 100 land and diver volunteers.

A donation of $130,000 was made to World Wide Fund for Nature - Singapore (WWF-Singapore) to fund a dedicated marine project to work with local researchers  to understand the biodiversity of marine creatures that live around key islands in Singapore through underwater surveys.

The inaugural conference, The Ocean Collective Summit, featured  keynote  speaker,  Fabien  Cousteau,  renowned Aquanaut,  Oceanographic  Explorer,  and  Environmental Advocate.

The Blue Water Heroes Awards featured 10 finalists from Southeast  Asia  who  have  made  significant  contributions to  marine  conservation  in  their  areas  of  work  and  the communities they support.  Three  winners  emerged  with cash prizes and additional benefits in a bid to assist them in further developing their causes. This event served as an inspiration for the public to play their part in protecting our waters in various aspects.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Board Of Directors

Richard Eu Yee Ming Non-executive Chairman and Independent Director

Arthur Tay Teng Guan Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer

Peter Tay Teng Hock Non-Executive Director

Chan Kum Tao Non-Executive Director

Yeo Wee Kiong Independent Director

Registered Office 100J Pasir Panjang Road SUTL House, #05-00, Singapore 118525 T: (65) 6590 7100 F: (65) 6590 7101

Company Registration Number 199307251M

## Audit Committee

Yeo Wee Kiong Chairman

Richard Eu Yee Ming Member

Chan Kum Tao Member

## Nominating Committee

Richard Eu Yee Ming Chairman

Yeo Wee Kiong Member

Arthur Tay Teng Guan Member

## Remuneration Committee

Yeo Wee Kiong Chairman

Richard Eu Yee Ming Member

Chan Kum Tao Member

ISIN CODE SG1I63883082

Company Secretary Adrian Chan Pengee Lee &amp; Lee

## Share Registrar

Boardroom Corporate &amp; Advisory Services Pte. Ltd. 1 Harbourfront Avenue Keppel Bay Tower #14-07 Singapore 098632

## Auditor

Naveen Sasidaran Partner-in-charge (Since 2021) RSM Chio Lim LLP 8 Wilkie Road, #03-08, Wilkie Edge Singapore 228095

## Share Listing

The Company's shares are listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST) Main Board since 2000

## Principal Bankers

Overseas - Chinese Banking Corporation Limited DBS Bank Ltd Malayan Bank Berhad RHB Bank Berhad The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited CIMB Bank Berhad

## General Enquiry/ Investor Relations

For further information about SUTL Enterprise Limited, please contact the Secretariat at the Registered Office E: investors\_relations@sutl.com W: www.sutlenterprise.com

| 14  Corporate Governance  36  Sustainability Reporting  38  Directors' Statement  44  Independent Auditor's Report  48  Consolidated Statement of  Comprehensive Income  49  Statement of Financial Position  50  Statements of Changes in Equity  53  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  54  Notes to the Financial Statements  94  Statistics of Shareholdings  96  Notice of Annual General Meeting  Proxy Form   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FINANCIAL CONTENTS

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Board of Directors (' Board ' or ' Directors ') and the management (the ' Management ') of SUTL Enterprise Limited  (the  ' Company ')  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively,  the  ' Group ')  recognise  the  importance  of  good corporate governance practices. In compliance with Rule 710 of the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST '),  this  report describes the Group's corporate governance practices with specific references to the principles and provisions of the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (' Code '). The Company confirms that it has complied with the principles of the Code and where the Company's practices vary from any provisions of the Code, this is stated with an explanation of the reason for the variation and an explanation on how the practices it had adopted are consistent with the intent of the relevant principle.

## (A) BOARD MATTERS

## The Board's conduct of affairs

## Principle 1: The company is headed by an effective Board which is collectively responsible and works with Management for the long-term success of the company.

The Company is headed by an effective Board. The Board is collectively responsible and works with Management for the long-term success of the Company. 1

All  Directors  objectively discharge their duties and responsibilities at all times as fiduciaries in the best interests of the Company and hold Management accountable for performance. 2

The Group has put in place a code of conduct and ethics, which sets appropriate tone-from-the-top and  desired  organization  culture,  and  ensures  proper  accountability  within  the  Group. 3   To  acquaint the  Group's  employees  with  the  policies  and  procedures  of  the  Group,  which  are  relevant  to  their employment, an employee handbook is made available to all employees. The employee handbook sets out, inter alia , an introduction to the Group's business, its vision and mission statement, and the Group's policies and procedures on unlawful harassment, gratuities and gifts, and prohibited conduct.

Directors  facing  conflicts  of  interest  recuse  themselves  from  discussions  and  decisions  involving  the issues of  conflict. 4  The Company's Constitution provides, inter  alia ,  that  a  Director  who  is  in  any  way whether  directly  or  indirectly  interested  in  a  transaction  or  proposed  transaction  with  the  Company shall  declare  the  nature  of  his  interest  at  a  meeting  of  the  Directors,  and  shall  not  vote  in  respect  of any transaction or proposed transaction or arrangement with the Company in which he has directly or indirectly a personal material interest and if he shall do so his vote shall not be counted.

## Board orientation and development

Directors understand the Company's business as well as their directorship duties. 5

Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training courses conducted from time to time by external third parties, such as the Singapore Institute of Directors or the SGX-ST, to keep themselves abreast of developments affecting listed companies. As and when required, the Directors may request to attend training  and  development courses at the Company's expense. 6 Updates on relevant legal, accounting and regulatory developments are also provided to Directors in written hand-outs, or by way of briefings and presentations by the external auditors and/or the lawyers from time to time during Board meetings. 7

1 Principle 1 of the Code

2 Provision 1.1 of the Code

3 Provision 1.1 of the Code

4 Provision 1.1 of the Code

5 Provision 1.2 of the Code

6 Provision 1.2 of the Code

7 Provision 1.2 of the Code

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Newly appointed Directors will be given an orientation on the Group's business strategies, operations and  organisation  structure  as  well  as  the  statutory  and  regulatory  obligations  of  being  a  Director  to ensure that  they  are  aware  of  the  responsibilities  and  obligations  of  being  an  Independent  Director. 8 There were no new Directors appointed by the Company during FY2022.

## Board approval

The Board decides on matters that require its approval. Written guidelines are established to specify which material transactions require the Board's approval, and such guidelines are clearly communicated to Management. 9

Matters which are reserved for the Board's decision are as follows: 10

- (a) approving announcements for the half-yearly and full year financial results;
- (b) approval of annual audited financial statements for the Group and the Directors' Statement thereto;
- (c) approving the appointments and remuneration of directors;
- (d) approving  material  acquisitions  and  disposal  of  assets  (materiality  thresholds  applicable  -  any transaction  outside  the  ordinary  course  of  business  amounting  to  3%  or  more  of  the  relative figures set out in Rule 1006 of the Listing Manual);
- (e) share  issuances  (including  stock  options  or  other  equity  awards),  dividends  and  other  capital transactions and returns to shareholders;
- (f) any interested  person  transaction  of  a  value  equal  to,  or  more  than,  3%  of  the  Group's  latest audited net tangible assets;
- (g) creating any fixed or floating charge, lien (other than a lien arising by operation of law) or other encumbrance over the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking, property or assets of any company of the Group;
- (h) the  Group giving any guarantee or indemnity to secure the liabilities or obligations of any third party amounting to more than S$2.0 million;
- (i) the  Group  entering  into  any  contract,  arrangement,  commitment  or  transaction  of  any  nature whatsoever amounting to more than S$2.0 million, that is not entered into in the ordinary and proper course of business on arm's length terms;
- (j) capital expenses of the Group amounting to more than S$2.0 million; and
- (k) any matters involving a conflict or potential conflict of interest involving a substantial shareholder or a director.

The Board has established board committees, which are the Audit Committee (' AC '),  the  Nominating Committee  (' NC ')  and  the  Remuneration  Committee  (' RC ')  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  ' Board Committees ').  Each  Board  Committee  has  its  own  written  terms  of  reference  setting  out  its composition, authorities  and  duties,  including  reporting  back  to  the  Board.  The  names  of  the  Board Committee members, the terms of reference, any delegation of the Board's authority to make decisions, and a summary of each Board Committee's activities are disclosed respectively in the sections headed 'Audit Committee', 'Nominating Committee' and 'Remuneration Committee' below. 11

8 Provision 1.2 of the Code

9 Provision 1.3 of the Code

10 Provision 1.3 of the Code

11 Provision 1.4 of the Code

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## Directors' attendance at Board and Board Committee meetings in FY2022

Directors attend and actively participate in Board and Board Committee meetings. The number of such meetings and each individual director's attendances at such meetings in FY2022 are disclosed in the table below. 12

| Meetings  Main Board  Audit  Committee  Nominating  Committee  Remuneration  Committee  No. of meetings held  3  4  1  2  Directors  Richard Eu Yee Ming (Independent)  3  4  1  2  Tay Teng Guan Arthur (Executive)  3  NA  1  NA  Tay Teng Hock (Non-Executive)  3  NA  NA  NA  Chan Kum Tao (Non-Executive)  3  4  NA  2  Yeo Wee Kiong (Independent)  3  4  1  2   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Directors are allowed to hold directorships in companies outside the Group. The NC and the Board have determined that a director should not have more than six listed company board representations. Directors with  multiple  board  representations  ensure  that  sufficient  time  and  attention  are  given  to  the  affairs  of each company. 13  As part of the assessment of the performance of the individual Directors, further details of which are set out on pages 6 to 8, this included an assessment of the individual Directors' commitment of  time,  contributions  at  meetings,  and  where  a  Director  has  a  significant  number  of  listed  company directorships and principal commitments, the adequacy of the carrying out of the Director's duties. The Board has considered the results of the assessment and is satisfied that all Directors were able to and have adequately carried out their duties as a Director of the Company for FY2022.

## Access to information

To enable the Directors to make informed decisions and discharge their duties and responsibilities, the Management provides the Board with complete, adequate and timely information prior to meetings and on an on-going basis. 14

On  an  on-going  basis,  the  Directors  have  separate  and  independent  access  to  Management,  the corporate secretarial  agent,  and  external  advisers  (where  necessary)  at  the  Company's  expense.  The corporate secretarial agent attends all of the Board meetings at which the draft announcements for the half  year  and  full  year  financial  results  are  considered. The appointment and removal of the company secretary is subject to the approval of the Board as a whole. 15

Overall, the Board's role is to:

- (a) provide entrepreneurial leadership, and set strategic objectives, which should include appropriate focus on value creation, innovation and sustainability;
- (b) ensure that the necessary resources are in place for the Company to meet its strategic objectives;
- (c) establish  and  maintain  a  sound  risk  management framework to effectively monitor and manage risks, and to achieve an appropriate balance between risks and company performance;
- (d) constructively challenge Management and review its performance;

12 Provision 1.5 of the Code

13 Provision 1.5 of the Code

14 Provision 1.6 of the Code

15 Provision 1.7 of the Code

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

- (e) instill  an  ethical corporate culture and ensure that the Company's values, standards, policies and practices are consistent with the culture;
- (f) ensure transparency and accountability to key stakeholder groups; and
- (g) decide on matters that require its approval and communicate such matters clearly to Management in writing.

In  discharging  these  responsibilities,  the  Directors  rely  on,  among  other  things,  the  Company's  officers and external advisers.

## Board Composition and Guidance

## Principle  2:  The  Board  has  an  appropriate  level  of  independence  and  diversity  of  thought  and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.

Under  Provision  2.1  of  the  Code,  an  'independent'  director  is  one  who  is  independent  in  conduct, character  and  judgement,  and  has  no  relationship  with  the  company,  its  related  corporations 16 ,  its substantial shareholders 17  or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the director's independent business judgement in the best interests of the company. 18

Rule 210(5)(d) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST also sets out circumstances under which a director will not be independent.

The Chairman of the Board is Mr Richard Eu Yee Ming, who is an Independent Director. 19  The Board currently  comprises  five  Directors,  of  which  two  are  Independent  Directors  based  on  the  provisions relating  to  independence as set out in the Code 20  and the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST, and two are Non-Executive Directors. During FY2022, non-executive Directors made up a majority of the Board 21  and Independent Directors made up at least one-third of the Board. 22  The Company is in compliance with Rule 210(5)(c) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST, which requires the Board to have at least two nonexecutive Directors who are independent and free of any material business or financial connection with the Company and (with effect from 1 January 2022) that independent directors must comprise at least one-third of the Board.

The Board is of the view that the current size of the Board and the Board Committees is adequate and appropriate after taking into account the size of the Group and the costs involved. 23

The  Company has a written  board  and  management  diversity  policy.  The  Company  recognises  that having diversity in respect of the Board would foster a diversity of perspectives and opinions and would encourage an active discussion on issues raised before the Board, which the management personnel could  benefit  from,  and  is  an  important  element  in  supporting  the  achievement  of  the  Company's strategic  objectives  and  its  long-term  development.  In  terms  of  the  composition  of  the  Board,  the Company seeks  to  have  a  Board  that  comprises  directors  who  as  a  group  provide  an  appropriate balance and have diversity from a number of aspects, including in terms of skills, experience, gender, and knowledge of the Company, as well as to have a balance between executive, non-executive and independent directors.

16 The term 'related corporation', in relation to the company, has the same meaning as currently defined in the Companies Act 1967, i.e. a corporation that is the company's holding company, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary.

17 A 'substantial shareholder' is a shareholder who has an interest or interests in one or more voting shares (excluding treasury shares) in the company and the total votes attached to that share, or those shares, is not less than 5% of the total votes attached to all voting shares (excluding treasury shares) in the company, in line with the definition set out in section 2 of the Securities and Futures Act 2001.

18 Provision 2.1 of the Code

19 Provision 2.2 of the Code

20 Provision 2.2 of the Code

21 Provision 2.3 of the Code

22 Footnote 7 to Provision 2.2 states that: 'Rule 210(5)(c) of the SGX Listing Rules (Mainboard) / Rule 406(3)(c) of the SGX Listing Rules (Catalist) requires independent directors to make up at least one-third of the Board. This rule will come into effect on 1 January 2022. Prior to 1 January 2022, the corresponding Guideline 2.1 in the 2012 Code of Corporate Governance will continue to apply.'

23 Provision 2.4 of the Code

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

With  regard  to  the  current  composition  of  the  Board,  together,  the  Directors  bring  a  wide  range  of business,  legal  and  financial  experiences  relevant  to  the  Group  and  provide  an  appropriate  balance and diversity  of  skills,  knowledge,  experience  and  other  aspects  of  diversity.  They  also  provide  core competencies  such  as  accounting  or  finance,  business  or  management  experience  and  strategic planning experience.

The  board  and  management  diversity  policy  sets  out  certain  criteria  which  are  relevant  to  having diversity on the Board, and provides that these shall be included in the criteria used for evaluating the performance and effectiveness of the Board, Board committees and individual directors.

In respect of the process for selecting and appointing new Directors to the Board, and the evaluation by the  NC of potential candidates and their suitability, the criteria considered by the NC shall include the qualifications and experience of the candidate and their likely contributions to the Board. Candidates will be considered based on merit; however, consideration will also be given to having diversity to the Board. In  particular,  in  identifying  suitable  candidates  for  appointment  to  the  Board,  the  NC  will  ensure  that where possible, female candidates are included for consideration. Nevertheless, the Company views that diversity is not merely limited to gender or any other personal attributes, but should be considered as a whole.

The  board  and  management  diversity  policy  also  provides  that  the  Company  seeks  to  have  female representation  on  the  management  team.    Under  the  board  and  management  diversity  policy,  the Company aimed that by 2025 not less than 20% of the personnel on the management team are female. With the appointment of Ms Sabrina Shi to the management team during FY2022, the Company has met the target that not less than 20% of the personnel on the management team are female.

During FY2022, the AC met without the presence of the Management at least once annually.  24

The AC comprises 2 Independent Directors and 1 Non-Executive Director, and the Chairman of the AC is currently Mr. Yeo Wee Kiong, an Independent Director. The Chairman of the AC provides feedback to the Board and/or the Chairman of the Board, as appropriate. 25

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

## Principle 3: There is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and Management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

The Chairman, Mr. Richard Eu Yee Ming, and the Chief Executive Officer (' CEO '),  Mr.  Tay  Teng  Guan Arthur,  are  separate  persons  to  ensure  an  appropriate  balance  of  power,  increased  accountability,  and greater  capacity  of  the  Board  for  independent  decision  making. 26   The  Chairman  and  the  CEO  are  not immediate family members. 27

Provision  3.2  of  the  Code  provides  that  the  Board  establishes  and  sets  out  in  writing  the  division  of responsibilities  between  the  Chairman  and  the  CEO.  Principle  3  states  that  there  is  a  clear  division of  responsibilities  between  the  leadership  of  the  Board  and  Management,  and  no  one  individual  has unfettered powers of decision-making. The Board has not established and set out in writing the division of  responsibilities  between  the  Chairman  and  the  CEO,  which  constitutes  a  variation  from  Provision 3.2  of  the  Code.  The  Company is of the view that the intent of Principle 3 was met, as the Chairman and the CEO have been carrying out different roles and responsibilities, and these respective roles and responsibilities  are  set  out  below.  Mr  Tay  Teng  Guan  Arthur  has  been  the  CEO  of  the  Company  since 2010. In 2015, the Company acquired the marina and yacht chartering business, which was operated by SUTL Marina Development Pte. Ltd. (' SUTL Marina ') and One15 Luxury Yachting Pte. Ltd. (' One15 Luxury Yachting ') respectively. Mr Tay Teng Guan Arthur has been involved in the management of SUTL Marina since 2004 and of One15 Luxury Yachting since 2007. In addition, Mr Richard Eu Yee Ming who is currently the Chairman, has extensive experience as a director on the boards of various companies.

24 Provision 2.5 of the Code

25 Provision 2.5 of the Code

26 Provision 3.1 of the Code

27 Rule 1207(10A) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Chairman provides leadership to the Board. He also reviews and approves the meeting agenda for Board meetings and seeks to ensure that adequate time is available for discussion of all agenda items, in particular strategic issues. The Chairman assumes the lead role in overseeing the corporate governance processes.  The  Chairman  also  seeks  to  ensure  that  Board  members  engage  the  Management  in constructive debate on various matters including strategic issues, facilitates the effective contribution of non-executive Directors in particular, ensures effective communication with shareholders and that the Directors receive complete, adequate and timely information before meetings. 28

The CEO is responsible for the day-to-day management of the affairs of the Group. He is accountable to the Board for the overall performance of the Group's business operations and strategic planning, and also executes the strategic plans set out by the Board and ensures that the Directors are kept updated and informed of the Group's business through management reports. 29

The Group's business is conducted by its employees, managers and corporate officers led by the CEO, with  oversight  from  the  Board.  The  Board  works  with  the  CEO  to  elect/appoint  other  officers  who  are charged with managing the businesses of the Group. The CEO has the responsibility of overseeing and directing the officers to ensure that the interests of the Company are served. 30

The Company has not appointed a lead independent director as the Chairman is independent. 31

## Board Membership

Principle  4:  The  Board  has  a  formal  and  transparent  process  for  the  appointment  and  reappointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board.

## Nominating Committee

According  to  the  written  terms  of  reference  of  the  NC,  the  NC's  duties  and  responsibilities  are  as follows: 32

- (a) making recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating to:
- (i) the  review  of  succession  plans  for  Directors,  in  particular  the  appointment  and/or replacement of the Chairman, the CEO and key management personnel; 33
- (ii) the  process  and  criteria  for  evaluation  of  the  performance  of  the  Board,  its  board committees and Directors;
- (iii) the  review  of  training  and  professional  development  programmes  for  the  Board  and  its Directors;
- (iv) the appointment and re-appointment of Directors (including alternate directors, if any);
- (b) determining annually, and as and when circumstances require, if a Director is independent, having regard to the circumstances set forth in Provision 2.1 of the Code, the Listing Manual of the SGXST, and the Code Practice Guidance;
- (c) ensuring that new Directors are aware of their duties and obligations;

28 Provision 3.2 of the Code

29 Provision 3.2 of the Code

30 Provision 3.2 of the Code

31 Provision 3.3 of the Code

32 Provision 4.1 of the Code

33 The term 'key management personnel' shall mean the CEO and other persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

- (d) deciding whether a Director is able to and has been adequately carrying out his or her duties as a  Director  of  the  Company,  and  where  a  Director  holds  a  significant  number  of  listed  company directorships  and  principal  commitments 34 ,  assessing  the  ability  of  the  Director  to  diligently discharge his or her duties;
- (e) considering,  and  if  appropriate,  establishing  guidelines  on  what  a  reasonable  and  maximum number of such directorships and principal commitments for each Director (or type of Director) should be;
- (f) without limiting the effect of sub-paragraph (a)(ii) above, recommending for the Board's approval the  objective  performance  criteria  and  process  for  the  evaluation  of  the  effectiveness  of  the Board as a whole, and of each board committee separately, as well as the contribution by the Chairman and each individual Director to the Board, in order for the Board to undertake a formal annual assessment of the performance of the Board as a whole, each board committee and each individual Director; and
- (g) reporting to the Board from time to time on its activities.

The  NC  currently  comprises  three  Directors,  two  of  whom,  including  its  Chairman,  are  Independent Directors. 35

For FY2022 the members of the NC were: 36

| Mr. Eu Yee Ming Richard, Chairman of the NC Mr. Yeo Wee Kiong, Member of the NC Mr. Tay Teng Guan Arthur, Member of the NC  (Independent Director) (Independent Director) (Executive Director and CEO)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Nomination and selection of Directors

The Company has in place a process for selecting and appointing new Directors to the Board. 37  The search and nomination process for new Directors will be via contacts and recommendations. The NC evaluates  potential  candidates  and  their  suitability,  and  makes  recommendations  to  the  Board  for approval. 38  The criteria considered by the NC include the qualifications and experience of the candidate and his likely contributions to the Board. 39  The screening process is handled by the NC with direct input from the other Directors.

The Company has in place a process for the re-appointment of Directors to the Board. 40  The Company's Constitution provides, inter alia , that one-third of the Directors for the time being or, if their number is not 3 or a multiple of 3, then the number nearest one-third, shall retire from office at each Annual General Meeting (' AGM ') of the Company, provided that all Directors shall retire from office at least once in every 3  years.  Retiring  Directors  are  selected  on  the  basis  of  those  who  have  been  longest  in  office  since their  last  election,  failing  which  they  shall  be  selected  by  agreement  or  by  lot. 41   The  NC  will  consider and recommend the re-appointment of the retiring Directors to the Board. The Board will consider and approve the recommendation of the NC, and will recommend that the re-appointment of the retiring Directors be submitted to the shareholders for approval at the AGM. 42

34 The term 'principal commitments' includes all commitments which involve significant time commitment such as full-time occupation, consultancy  work,  committee  work,  non-listed  company  board  representations  and  directorships  and  involvement  in  non-profit organisations.  Where  a  director  sits  on  the  boards  of  non-active  related  corporations,  those  appointments  should  not  normally  be considered principal commitments.

35 Provision 4.2 of the Code

36 Provision 4.2 of the Code

37 Provision 4.3 of the Code

38 Provision 4.3 of the Code

39

Provision 4.3 of the Code

40 Provision 4.3 of the Code

41 Provision 4.3 of the Code

42 Provision 4.3 of the Code

## Continuous review of Directors' independence

The  NC  determines  annually,  and  as  and  when  circumstances  require,  the  independence  of  each Independent Director, having regard to the circumstances set forth in Provision 2.1 of the Code and the Listing  Manual  of  the  SGX-ST. 43   Annually,  each  Independent  Director  completes  and  executes  a  form declaring and affirming his independence and acknowledging that any relationship with the Company, its  related  corporations,  its  substantial  shareholders  or  its  officers  which  may  affect  his  independence should be disclosed. 44

The NC and Board were satisfied that Mr Richard Eu Yee Ming and Mr Yeo Wee Kiong are independent in  light  of  the  provisions  of  the  Code  and  Rule  210(5)(d)  of  the  Listing  Manual  of  the  SGX-ST.  The  NC also  considered  the  Directors'  evaluation  results  in  respect  of  the  performance  of  the  Independent Directors, including the evaluation of their independence of judgement and contributions to the Board.

Pursuant to Rule 210(5)(d)(iv) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST, which came into effect on 11 January 2023, a director will  not  be  independent  if, inter  alia ,  he  has  been  a  director  for  an  aggregate  period of  more  than  9  years.  Currently,  there  are  no  Independent  Directors  who  have  been  a  director  for  an aggregate period of more than 9 years.

## Directors' time commitments

The NC ensures that new Directors are aware of their duties and obligations. 45

The NC also decides if a Director is able to and has been adequately carrying out his or her duties as a director of the Company. 46  The NC considered and was satisfied that all Directors were able to and have adequately carried out their duties as a Director of the Company for FY2022.

The listed company directorships and principal commitments of each Director are disclosed on pages 6 to 8 of the Annual Report. 47

Directors are allowed to hold directorships in companies outside the Group. The NC and the Board have determined that a Director should not have more than six listed company board representations. 48  During FY2022, none of the Directors exceeded the limit on listed company Board representations.

Provision 1.4 of the Code recommends, inter  alia, that  a  summary of the NC's activities be disclosed in  the  annual  report.  During  FY2022,  the  NC, inter  alia ,  made  recommendations to the Board on the appointment and re-appointment of Directors and determined if a Director is independent (having regard to the circumstances set forth in Provision 2.1 of the Code, the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST, and the Practice Guidance accompanying the Code).

## Board Performance

## Principle 5: The Board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.

The NC recommends for the Board's approval the objective performance criteria and process for the evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board as a whole, and of each Board Committee separately, as well as the contribution by the Chairman and each individual Director to the Board. 49

43 Provision 4.4 of the Code

44 Provision 4.4 of the Code

45 Provision 4.5 of the Code

46 Provision 4.5 of the Code

47 Provision 4.5 of the Code

48 Provision 4.5 of the Code

49 Provision 5.1 of the Code

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Annually, each Director submits an assessment of the performance of the Board, its Board Committees, and of each of the other individual Directors for the financial year under review. These assessment forms assess various aspects, including matters relating  to  the  Director's  experiences  as  a  member  of  the Board, his perception of the focus of the Board, the structure and functioning of the Board Committees, the contributions as Chairman by the Chairman of the Board and the Chairman of a Board Committee, and  the  individual  Directors'  contributions  at  meetings.  The  responses  are  collated  by  the  external corporate secretarial agent and a consolidated report is submitted to the Board. The responses are then discussed by the Board. 50

## (B) REMUNERATION MATTERS

## Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies

Principle 6: The Board has a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on director and executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual directors and key management personnel. No director is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.

## Remuneration Committee

According  to  the  written  terms  of  reference  of  the  RC,  the  RC's  duties  and  responsibilities  are  as follows: 51

- (a) reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on:
- (i) a framework of remuneration for the Board and key management personnel;   and
- (ii) the  specific  remuneration  packages for each Director as well as for the key management personnel,

and in  doing  so  the  RC  considers  all  aspects  of  remuneration,  including  termination  terms,  to ensure they are fair, and having regard to the provisions of the Code;

- (b) reviewing the Company's obligations arising in the event of termination of the Executive Directors' and key management personnel's contracts of service, to ensure that such contracts of service contain fair and reasonable termination clauses which are not overly generous;
- (c) where  an  external  remuneration  consultant  is  appointed,  reviewing  whether  the  remuneration consultant has any relationship with the Company that could affect his or her independence and objectivity;
- (d) reviewing  annually  the  remuneration  of  employees  who  are  substantial  shareholders  of  the Company, or are immediate family members of a Director, the CEO or a substantial shareholder of the Company, and whose remuneration exceeds S$100,000 during the year;
- (e) considering the advice from the AC on risk weighting to be applied to performance objectives incorporated in executive remuneration;
- (f) reviewing  whether  executive  directors,  non-executive  and  independent  Directors  and  key management personnel should be eligible for options, share incentives, awards and other benefits under the schemes; and
- (g) reporting to the Board from time to time on its activities.

50 Provision 5.2 of the Code

51 Provision 6.1 of the Code

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The RC currently comprises three directors, all of whom are non-executive Directors, and two of which, including its Chairman, are Independent Directors.

For FY2022, the members of the RC were: 52

| Mr Yeo Wee Kiong, Chairman of the RC Mr Chan Kum Tao, Member of the RC Mr Eu Yee Ming Richard, Member of the RC  (Independent Director) (Non-Executive Director) (Independent Director)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The RC considers all aspects of remuneration, including termination terms, to ensure they are fair. 53  No Director is involved in deciding his own remuneration. 54

During FY2022, the Company engaged Mercer (Singapore) Pte. Ltd to provide salary benchmarking for the company staff members in Singapore against a mutually selected peer market. The Company has no relationship with the consultant which would affect their independence and objectivity.

Provision 1.4 of the Code recommends, inter alia ,  that a summary of the RC's activities be disclosed in the annual report. During FY2022, the RC considered the framework of remuneration as well as specific remuneration packages for each Director as well as for the key management personnel, and reviewed whether  Directors  and  key  management  personnel  should  be  eligible  for  options,  share  incentives, awards and other benefits.

## Level and Mix of Remuneration

Principle 7: The level and structure of remuneration of the Board and key management personnel are  appropriate  and  proportionate  to  the  sustained  performance  and  value  creation  of  the company, taking into account the strategic objectives of the company.

The  remuneration  of  the  Executive  Director  (who  is  also  the  CEO)  and  key  management  personnel comprises a fixed component, a variable component and also other benefits and long term incentives where  applicable.  The  fixed  component  is  in  the  form  of  a  base  salary.  The  variable  component is in  the  form  of  a  variable  bonus  that  is  linked  to  the  performance  of  the  Group  and  each  individual's performance. 55   In  setting  remuneration  packages,  the  RC  takes  into  account  the  performance  of  the Group, as well as the performance of the Executive Director and key management personnel.

A  meaningful  and  appropriate  portion  of  Executive  Director's  and  key  management  personnel's remuneration is structured so as to link rewards to corporate and individual performance. Performancerelated remuneration is aligned with the interests of shareholders and other stakeholders and promotes the long-term success of the Company. 56

Directors  are  paid  Directors'  fees,  subject  to  approval  at  the  Company's  AGM.  The  RC  makes  a recommendation to the Board of the Directors' fees payable for each year, and seeks to fix Directors' fees  that  are  appropriate  to  the  level  of  contribution,  taking  into  account  factors  such  as  effort,  time spent and responsibilities of Directors. 57

The remuneration packages are appropriate to attract, retain and motivate the Directors to provide good stewardship of the Company and key management personnel to successfully manage the Company for the long term. 58

52 Provision 6.2 of the Code

53 Provision 6.3 of the Code

54 Principle 6 of the Code

55 Provision 7.1 of the Code

56 Provision 7.1 of the Code

57 Provision 7.2 of the Code

58 Provision 7.3 of the Code

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## Disclosure on Remuneration

Principle  8:  The  company  is  transparent  on  its  remuneration  policies,  level  and  mix  of remuneration,  the  procedure  for  setting  remuneration,  and  the  relationships  between remuneration, performance and value creation.

The Group's remuneration policy is to provide remuneration packages which are appropriate to attract, retain  and  motivate  the  Directors  to  provide  good  stewardship  of  the  Company  and  key  management personnel to successfully manage the Company for the long term. 59

The Group adopts a remuneration policy 60   for  the  Executive  Director  (who  is  also  the  CEO)  and  key management personnel comprising a fixed component and a variable component and also other benefits and long term incentives where applicable. The fixed component is in the form of a base salary, and is  based on various criteria, including the individual's role and responsibilities, and practices within the industry and comparable companies. The variable component is  in  the  form of a variable bonus that is linked  to  the  performance  of  the  Group  and  each  individual's  performance,  which  is  based  on  various criteria including the Company's profitability and other financial and operational indicators as determined by the Board. Staff appraisals are conducted once a year.

The Group adopts a remuneration policy for non-executive Directors, which takes into consideration the knowledge and expertise of each individual non-executive Director, the responsibilities vested upon them and the effort and time commitment required from the non-executive Directors given the nature of the Group's business. 61

The breakdown (in percentage terms) of the remuneration for FY2022, of Directors of the Company, is set out below: 62

| Remuneration band &amp;  name of Directors  Base/  fixed  salary  Variable or  performance  related  income/  Bonus  Fees  (A)  Benefits  And  Allowances  Central  Provident  Fund  ('CPF')  and other  long-term  incentives  Equity  based  incentives  Total  %  %  %  %  %  %  %  Above S$500,000 Below  S$750,000  Tay Teng Guan Arthur  66  25  7  -  2  -  100  Below S$250,000  Tay Teng Hock  -  -  100  -  -  -  100  Chan Kum Tao  -  -  100  -  -  -  100  Yeo Wee Kiong  -  -  100  -  -  -  100  Eu Yee Ming Richard  -  -  100  -  -  -  100  Note:   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(A) Directors' fees in an aggregate amount are subject to approval by shareholders at the Company's forthcoming AGM.

59 Provision 7.3 of the Code

60 Provision 8.1 of the Code

61 Provision 8.1 of the Code

62 Provision 8.1(a) of the Code

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Provision  8.1(a)  of  the  Code  provides, inter  alia ,  that  the  amounts  of  remuneration  of  each  individual director  and  the  CEO  are  disclosed  in  the  annual  report.  Principle  8  of  the  Code  states  that  the company is transparent on its remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure for setting  remuneration,  and  the  relationships  between  remuneration,  performance  and  value  creation. The Company has not disclosed the amounts of remuneration of each individual Director and the CEO, which constitutes a variation from Provision 8.1(a) of the Code. The Board supports and is aware of the  need for  transparency.  However, after deliberation of, inter  alia ,  the  competitive  pressures  and  the sensitive nature of the matter, the Board has decided to disclose the remuneration of Directors, including the CEO, in remuneration bands of S$250,000 and by a percentage breakdown in terms of categories and components instead of the specific remuneration for FY2022. The Board is of the view that the intent  of  Principle  8  was  nevertheless  met,  as  the  remuneration  policies  and  the  procedure  for  setting remuneration applicable to the Directors, including the CEO, as well as the level and mix of remuneration applicable, are disclosed above.

The breakdown (in percentage terms) of the remuneration for FY2022, of the top five key management personnel who are not also Directors of the Company, is set out below: 63

| Remuneration band  &amp; name of Top Key  Management Personnel  Base/  fixed  salary  Variable or  performance  related  income/  bonus  Fees  Benefits  and  allowances  CPF,  pension  funds and  other  long-term  incentives  Equity  based  incentives  Total  %  %  %  %  %  %  Above S$250,000 Below  S$500,000  Darren Oh  84  7  -  2  7  -  100  Below S$250,000  Teo Joo Leng  (1)  85  -  -  -  8  7  100  Tan Choon Kiat  69  16  -  3  11  -  100  Jonathan Sit  72  17  -  2  9  -  100  Brian Werner  93  -  -  7  -  -  100  Sabrina Shi  84  13  -  3  -  -  100  Tan Choon Kiat Jeffery  69  16  -  3  11  -  100   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

(1) Mr. Teo Joo Leng has resigned with effect from 30 November 2022.

Total remuneration paid to the above top key management personnel (who are not Directors or the CEO) of the Group for FY2022 was approximately S$890,000. 64

Provision 8.2 of the Code provides, inter alia ,  that  the company discloses the names and remuneration of  employees who are substantial shareholders of the company, or are immediate family members of a  director,  the  CEO  or  a  substantial  shareholder  of  the  company,  and  whose  remuneration  exceeds $100,000 during the year, in bands no wider than $100,000, in its annual report.

63 Provision 8.1(b) of the Code

64 Provision 8.1(b) of the Code

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

In respect of Provision 8.2 of the Code, Mr Tay Teng Guan Arthur, an Executive Director and the CEO, is a sibling of Mr Tay Teng Hock, a Non-Executive Director. Principle 8 of the Code states that the company is  transparent  on  its  remuneration  policies,  level  and  mix  of  remuneration,  the  procedure  for  setting remuneration, and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation. For FY2022, the Company wishes to disclose the remuneration of Mr. Tay Teng Guan Arthur and Mr. Tay Teng Hock in the manner set out above, instead of in bands no wider than $100,000, for the reasons which are also set out above.

In  respect  of  Provision  8.2  of  the  Code,  Mr  Tay  Kuan  Jin  Alvin,  the  Senior  Manager,  Business Development of the Company, is a son of Mr Tay Teng Hock, a Non-Executive Director, and a nephew of Mr Tay Teng Guan Arthur, Executive Director and CEO. The remuneration of Mr Tay Kuan Jin Alvin for FY2022 was within the band of S$100,000 to S$200,000.

Other than the above, during FY2022, the Group did not employ any substantial shareholders of the Company or any immediate family members of any Director or the CEO or a substantial shareholder of the Company, and whose remuneration exceeded S$100,000 during the year . 65

On 29 April  2011,  the  Company  put  in  place  a  share  option  scheme  approved  by  shareholders  (the ' Share Option Scheme 2011 ').  The  Share Option Scheme 2011 was adopted for an initial duration of up to a maximum of ten (10) years, and was extended at the Company's AGM on 28 April 2021 for a further  period  of  ten  (10)  years  from  29  April  2021  to  28  April  2031.  Under  the  Share  Option  Scheme 2011, the number of shares in respect of which options may be granted shall be determined at the discretion of the RC who shall take into account, inter alia , the rank, past performance, years of service and  potential  contribution  of  the  employee.  Details  of  the  options  granted  under  the  Share  Option Scheme 2011 are set out in the Directors' Statement on pages 40 to 41 of this Annual Report. 66

## (C) ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## Risk Management and Internal Controls

Principle 9: The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.

The Board determines the nature and extent of the significant risks which the Company is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives and value creation. The duties and responsibilities of the AC, which are set out in the section headed 'Audit Committee' below, include having oversight of risk governance and risk management. 67

The Board requires and has received assurance from:

- (a) the  CEO  and  the  Group  Financial  Controller  that  the  financial  records  have  been  properly maintained and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the Group's operations and finances; and 68
- (b) the CEO and other key management personnel who are responsible, regarding the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's risk management and internal control systems. 69

65 Provision 8.2 of the Code

66 Provision 8.3 of the Code

67 Provision 9.1 of the Code

68 Provision 9.2(a) of the Code

69 Provision 9.2(b) of the Code

## Audit Committee

## Principle 10: The Board has an Audit Committee which discharges its duties objectively.

## Audit Committee

According  to  the  written  terms  of  reference  of  the  AC,  the  AC's  duties  and  responsibilities  are  as follows: 70

- (a) reviewing the significant financial  reporting  issues  and  judgements  so  as  to  ensure  the  integrity of  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  any  announcements  relating  to  the  Company's financial performance;
- (b) reviewing at least annually the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's internal controls and risk management systems;
- (c) reviewing  the  assurance  from  the  CEO  and  the  GFC  on  the  financial  records  and  financial statements;
- (d) making  recommendations  to  the  Board  on:  (i)  the  proposals  to  the  shareholders  on  the appointment and removal of external auditors; and (ii) the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors;
- (e) reviewing the adequacy, effectiveness, independence, scope and results of the external audit;
- (f) reviewing the adequacy, effectiveness, independence, scope and results of the Company's internal audit function;
- (g) reviewing  the  policy  and  arrangements  for  concerns  about  possible  improprieties  in  financial reporting  or  other  matters  to  be  safely  raised,  independently  investigated  and  appropriately followed up on. The Company publicly discloses, and clearly communicates to employees, the existence of a whistle-blowing policy and procedures for raising such concerns; 71
- (h) deciding  on  the  appointment,  termination  and  remuneration  of  the  head  of  the  internal  audit function, as the primary reporting line of the internal audit function is to the AC;
- (i) meeting  with  the  external  auditors,  and  with  the  internal  auditors,  in  each  case  without  the presence of Management, at least annually;
- (j) carrying out the functions set out in Section 201B of the Companies Act;
- (k) reviewing  and  recommending  the  nature  and  extent  of  significant  risks  which  the  Company  is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives and value creation;
- (l) advising on the Company's overall risk tolerance and strategy;
- (m) overseeing and advising on the current risk exposures and future risk strategy of the Company;
- (n) in relation to risk assessment:
- (i) keeping  under  review  the  Company's  overall  risk  assessment  processes  that  inform  the Board's decision making;
- (ii) reviewing  regularly  and  approving  the  parameters  used  in  these  measures  and  the methodology adopted; and

70 Provision 10.1 of the Code

71 Provision 10.1(f) of the Code

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

- (iii) setting a process for the accurate and timely monitoring of large exposures and certain risk types of critical importance;
- (o) reviewing the Company's capability to identify and manage new risk types;
- (p) before a decision to proceed is taken by the Board, advising on proposed strategic transactions, focusing in particular on risk aspects and implications for the risk tolerance of the company, and taking independent external advice where appropriate and available;
- (q) reviewing reports on any material breaches of risk limits and the adequacy of proposed action;
- (r) providing  advice  to  the  RC  on  risk  weightings  to  be  applied  to  performance  objectives incorporated in executive remuneration;
- (s) monitoring the independence of risk management functions throughout the organization;
- (t) reviewing promptly all relevant risk reports on the Company;
- (u) reviewing and monitoring Management's responsiveness to the findings;
- (v) reviewing  any  matters  relating  to  suspected  fraud  or  irregularity,  or  suspected  infringement of  any  Singapore  laws  or  regulations  or  rules  of  the  SGX-ST  or  any  other  regulatory  authority in  Singapore,  of  which  the  AC  is  aware,  which  has  or  is  likely  to  have  a  material  impact  on  the Company's or Group's operating results and/or financial position, and the findings of any internal investigations, and Management's response thereto; and
- (w) reporting to the Board from time to time on its activities.

The  Group  has  in  place  a  'Whistle  Blowing  Policy',  which  is  made  available  to  employees,  which sets  out  the  procedures  for  a  whistle-blower  to  make  a  report  to  the  Company  on  any  misconduct or  wrongdoing  relating  to  the  Company  and  its  officers  or  any  breach  or  suspected  breach  of  law or  regulation  that  may  adversely  impact  the  Company. 72     The  Whistle  Blowing  Policy  provides  an independent  and  confidential  channel  for  employees  to  communicate  concerns  of  wrongdoings, malpractices and illegal acts directly to the Chairman of the AC through the method of communication set  out  in  the  policy. 73   The  Company has designated the General Manager, Risk Management to carry out investigations on reports made in good faith. 74  All reports are communicated directly to the Chairman of  the  AC.  All  reports,  including  the  identity  of  the  whistle-blower,  will  be  treated  strictly  confidentially, unless the Company is required by law to disclose this, for example, to the police. 75  Reports can be made anonymously, if desired. The Company committed to protect those who come forward to report such activities from punishment or detrimental or unfair treatment for disclosing concerns in good faith in  accordance to the procedure set out in the policy, as well as protect those who are subsequently assigned to assist in the investigation of the report. 76  The oversight of and monitoring of the Company's whistle  blowing  policy  is  undertaken  by  the  AC.    The  duties  and  responsibilities  of  the  AC  include  (i) reviewing the whistleblowing policy and arrangements for whistleblowing reports to be safely raised, independently investigated and appropriately followed up on, and (ii) reviewing certain matters including matters relating to suspected fraud or irregularity or suspected infringement of any Singapore laws, and which has or is likely to have a material impact on the Company's or Group's operating results and/or financial position. 77

The AC currently comprises three directors, all of whom are non-executive Directors, and the majority of which, including its Chairman, are Independent Directors. 78

72 Provision 10.1(f) of the Code, Rule 1207(18A) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST

73 Provision 10.1(f) of the Code

74 Provision 10.1(f) of the Code, Rule 1207(18B)(a) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST

75 Provision 10.1(f) of the Code, Rule 1207(18B)(b) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST

76 Provision 10.1(f) of the Code, Rule 1207(18B)(c) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST

77 Provision 10.1(f) of the Code, Rule 1207(18B)(d) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST

78 Provision 10.2 of the Code

For FY2022, the members of the AC were: 79

| Mr. Yeo Wee Kiong, Chairman of the AC Mr. Chan Kum Tao, Member of the AC Mr. Eu Yee Ming Richard, Member of the AC  (Independent Director) (Non-Executive Director) (Independent Director)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At least two members of the AC (including the Chairman of the AC) have recent and relevant accounting or related financial management expertise or experience. 80

The  AC  does  not  comprise  former  partners  or  directors  of  the  Company's  existing  auditing  firm  or auditing corporation: (a) within a period of two years commencing on the date of their ceasing to be a partner of the auditing firm or director of the auditing corporation; and in any case, (b) for as long as they have any financial interest in the auditing firm or auditing corporation. 81

The  primary  reporting  line  of  the  internal  audit  function  is  to  the  AC. 82   The  internal  audit  function is  conducted  by  the  Company's  internal  auditor.  The  AC  decides  on  the  appointment,  termination and remuneration of the internal auditor. 83   The  internal  auditor  has  unfettered  access  to  the  Group's documents, records, properties and personnel, including access to the AC, and has appropriate standing within the Company. 84

To ensure the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal audit function, the AC reviews the scope of work of the internal auditor on an annual basis. Non-compliance and internal control weaknesses noted during internal audits and the recommendations thereof are reported to the AC as part of the review of the Group's internal control system.

The AC is satisfied that, for FY2022, the internal audit function of the Group is independent, effective and adequately resourced. 85

The  Company's  external  auditors  are  RSM  Chio  Lim  LLP  (an  accounting  firm  registered  with  the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore).

The  AC  meets  with  the  external  auditors,  and  with  the  internal  auditors,  in  each  case  without  the presence of Management, at least once annually. 86

During  FY2022,  the  AC  held  4  meetings.  The  external  auditors  were  in  attendance  at  2  of  these meetings, and the internal auditor was in attendance at 4 of these meetings. 87  In addition, the internal auditor also communicates directly with the AC from time to time.

The AC has reviewed all non-audit services to the Group by the external auditors, and is satisfied that the nature and extent of such services will not prejudice the independence and objectivity of the external auditors. 88     The  independence  of  the  external  auditors  is  reviewed  by  the  AC  annually.  The  Company confirms that it has complied with Rules 712 and 715 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST in relation to its auditing firms. 89 The audit service and non-audit service fees paid or payable for FY2022 are stated in page 68 of this Annual Report. 90

79 Provision 10.2 of the Code

80 Provision 10.2 of the Code

81 Provision 10.3 of the Code

82 Provision 10.4 of the Code

83 Provision 10.4 of the Code

84 Provision 10.4 of the Code

85 Rule 1207(10C) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST

86 Provision 10.5 of the Code

87 Provision 10.5 of the Code

88 Rule 1207(6)(b) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST

89 Rule 1207(6)(c) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST

90 Rule 1207(6)(a) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Management has in place a system of internal controls to  safeguard  shareholders'  investments and the assets of the Group. It should be noted that such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve the Group's business objectives. It should be further noted that no system of internal controls can provide absolute assurance in this regard, or absolute assurance against the occurrence of material errors, poor judgement in decision-making, human error, losses, fraud or other irregularities.

The  Board  of  Directors  and  the  AC  have  reviewed  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  the  Group's internal  controls  (including  financial,  operational,  compliance  and  information  technology  controls) and risk management systems. Following from the foregoing and based on work done by the internal and external auditors and reviews performed by the Management throughout FY2022, the Board, with the  concurrence of the AC, is of the opinion that, for FY2022, the Group's internal controls (including financial,  operational,  compliance  and  information  technology  controls)  and  risk  management  systems are  adequate  and  effective  in  providing  reasonable  assurance  of  the  effectiveness  of  the  Group  in safeguarding its assets and shareholders' value under the current business environment. 91

Provision 1.4 of the Code recommends, inter alia ,  that a summary of the AC's activities be disclosed in the annual report. During FY2022, the AC considered, inter alia ,  the  audit  plan,  the  unaudited quarterly financial  statements  of  the  Company,  the  audit  review  presented  by  the  auditors,  and  the  scope  and results of the internal audits conducted.

## (D) SHAREHOLDERS RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

## Shareholder Rights and Conduct of General Meetings

Principle 11: The company treats all shareholders fairly and equitably in order to enable them to exercise shareholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters affecting  the  company.  The  company  gives  shareholders  a  balanced  and  understandable assessment of its performance, positions and prospects.

The Company provides shareholders with the opportunity to participate effectively in and vote at general meetings of shareholders, and informs them of the rules governing general meetings of shareholders, including voting procedures. 92 Shareholders have the opportunity to vote in person or by proxy.

The Company tables separate resolutions at general meetings of shareholders on each substantially separate issue unless the issues are interdependent and linked so as to form one significant proposal. Where the resolutions are 'bundled', in that a resolution(s) may be conditional upon another resolution(s) being passed, the Company explains the reasons and material implications in the notice of meeting. 93

All  resolutions  at  general  meetings  are  put  to  the  vote  by  way  of  poll  and  the  detailed  results  of  the voting for each of the resolutions are announced on the SGX-ST.

All  Directors,  senior  management  and  the  corporate  secretarial  agent  attend  general  meetings  of shareholders. The external auditors are also present at the AGMs to address shareholders' queries about the conduct of audit and the preparation and content of the auditors' report. 94  During FY2022, the AGM of the Company was the only general meeting that was held, and this was attended by all the Directors at the time. 95

Provision 11.4 of the Code provides that the company's constitution (or other constitutive documents) allow for  absentia  voting  at  general  meetings  of  shareholders.  Principle  11  of  the  Code  provides, inter alia, that  the  company  treats  all  shareholders  fairly  and  equitably  in  order  to  enable  them  to  exercise shareholders'  rights  and  have  the  opportunity  to  communicate  their  views  on  matters  affecting  the

91 Rule 1207(10) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST

92 Provision 11.1 of the Code

93 Provision 11.2 of the Code

94 Provision 11.3 of the Code

95 Provision 11.3 of the Code

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

company. Voting in absentia by mail, facsimile or email, is currently not permitted by the Company's Constitution,  which  constitutes  a  variation  from  Provision  11.4  of  the  Code. 96   The  Company  is  of  the view that the intent of Principle 11 is met, as the existing arrangement whereby shareholders have the opportunity to vote by proxy is adequate in enabling shareholders to exercise their rights and have the opportunity to vote. Moreover, to allow voting in absentia by mail, facsimile or email would require careful consideration of various factors, including the integrity of information and authentication of the identity of shareholders.

Provision 11.5 of the Code provides, inter alia , that the company publishes minutes of general meetings of  shareholders  on  its  corporate  website  as  soon  as  practicable.  Principle  11  of  the  Code  provides, inter  alia, that  the  company  treats  all  shareholders  fairly  and  equitably  in  order  to  enable  them  to exercise shareholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters affecting the  company.  Save as set out below, customarily the Company does not publish minutes of general meetings of shareholders on its corporate website, which constitutes a variation from Provision 11.5 of the Code. The Company is of the view that the intent of Principle 11 is met, as the corporate secretarial agent  prepares  minutes  of  general  meetings,  which  would  be  provided  to  shareholders  upon  their request made in accordance with the Companies Act 1967. The minutes of general meetings would include substantial and relevant comments or queries from shareholders relating to the agenda of the general meeting, and responses from the Board and Management. 97

In  light  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  during  FY2022,  the  Company's  AGM  was  held  by  electronic means on 27 April 2022 pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for  Meetings  for  Companies,  Variable  Capital  Companies,  Business Trusts,  Unit  Trusts  and  Debenture Holders) Order 2020 (the ' Order '). Pursuant to the Order, the minutes of the AGM held on 27 April 2022 were published on the Company's website and SGXNet within one (1) month after the date of the AGM.

In  view of the revised safe management measures, the Company's forthcoming AGM to be held on 20 April 2023 will be held only by physical means, and at which shareholders will have the right to attend, ask questions and communicate their views, as well as to appoint proxies or to vote at the AGM. The minutes  of  the  AGM  to  be  held  on  20  April  2023  will  be  published  on  the  Company's  website  and SGXNet within one (1) month after the date of the AGM.

The declaration of final  dividends,  if  any,  is  to  be  recommended  by  the  Directors  and  subject  to  the approval  of  the  shareholders  by  ordinary  resolution.  The  Company's  dividend  policy  is  to  distribute dividends based on the Company's performance, taking into consideration the resources needed for the  Company's  continuing  and  future  operations  and  possible  future  plans. 98   After  considering  the Company's dividend policy, the Board is of the view that it is in the Company's interest to distribute a final cash dividend of 5 cents per ordinary share representing 57.2% of the Group's net attributable profit to shareholders in FY2022 (based on the total number of issued shares of the Company (excluding any shares held as treasury shares or which comprise subsidiary holdings) as at the latest practicable date of 21 March 2023). 99

## Engagement with Shareholders

Principle  12:  The  company  communicates  regularly  with  its  shareholders  and  facilitates  the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.

The  Company's  website  is  at  http://sutlenterprise.com/.  The  Company  provides  avenues  for communication between the Board and all shareholders. 100  The AGM is the principal forum for dialogue with  shareholders.  All  shareholders  of  the  Company  receive  a  copy  of  the  Annual  Report  and  notice of  the  Company's AGM. The notice is also advertised in the newspaper and made available via timely SGXNET announcements. The  Company  encourages  active  shareholder  participation  at  its  general

96 Provision 11.4 of the Code

97 Provision 11.5 of the Code

98 Provision 11.6 of the Code

99 Provision 11.6 of the Code

100 Provision 12.1 of the Code

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

meetings.  Shareholders'  views  are  sought  at  general  meetings,  and  shareholders  are  given  the opportunity to air their views and ask Directors and Management questions regarding the Company and the Group.

The  Company's  latest  annual  reports,  financial  results,  corporate  announcements  and  share  trading information  are  available  on  the  Company's  website,  and  the  Company  also  provides  an  email  alert service  so  that  shareholders  and  investors  may  be  automatically  alerted  by  email  once  the  Company releases any announcements or filings on the SGX-ST.

The Company is committed to providing timely and transparent disclosures to enable the investment community  to  make  reasonable  assessments  about  the  Group's  performance.  From  time  to  time, SGXNET announcements are made in relation to the Group or its business.

Provision 12.2 of the Code provides that the company has in place an investor relations policy which allows for an ongoing exchange of views so as to actively engage and promote regular, effective and fair communication with shareholders. Principle 12 of the Code provides that the company communicates regularly  with  its  shareholders  and  facilitates  the  participation  of  shareholders  during  general  meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company. The Company does not currently have a written investor relations policy, which constitutes a  variation  from  Provision  12.2  of  the  Code.  The  Company  is  of  the  view  that  the  intent  of  Principle 12 is  met,  as  there  is  a  section  on  'Investor  Relations'  on  the  Company's  website.  From  this  section, the  Company's  latest  annual  reports,  financial  results,  corporate  announcements  and  share  trading information can be assessed, and the Company also provides an email alert service so that shareholders and investors may be automatically alerted by email once the Company releases any announcements or filings on the SGX-ST. Shareholders and investors may also communicate with the Company and, as the case may be, submit any notices of interests or questions, via the Company's investor relations email address of investors\_relations@sutl.com, through which shareholders may contact the Company with questions and through which the Company may respond to such questions. 101

## (E) MANAGING STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIPS

## Engagement with Stakeholders

Principle 13: The Board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the company are served.

The Company has arrangements in place to identify and engage with its material stakeholder groups and to manage its relationships with such groups. 102

The Company's key stakeholders comprise its members and customers, employees, the community, regulators  and  policy  makers.  The  Company actively  engages in  meaningful and productive dialogue with its stakeholders and participate in various industry and government forums to keep abreast of any material stakeholder issues. 103

Details of the Company's strategy and key areas of focus in relation to the management of stakeholder relationships during FY2022 were set out in the Company's Sustainability Report for FY2022, which was posted electronically on SGXNET and the Company's corporate website on 30 April 2023. 104

The Company maintains a current corporate website at http://sutlenterprise.com/, to communicate and engage with stakeholders. 105

101 Provision 12.3 of the Code

102 Provision 13.1 of the Code

103 Provision 13.1 of the Code

104 Provision 13.2 of the Code

105 Provision 13.3 of the Code

## (F) OTHER MATTERS

## Interested Person Transactions

The Company does not have a shareholder's mandate for interested person transactions pursuant to Rule 920 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST.

During  FY2022,  there  were  no  interested  person  transactions  (excluding  transactions  less  than S$100,000) entered into.

## Material Contracts

Save as disclosed in this Annual Report, there were no material contracts entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries involving the interests of the CEO, Directors or controlling shareholders which were still subsisting as at 31 December 2022 or if not then subsisting, entered into since 31 December 2021.

## Securities Transactions

The Group has adopted and implemented an internal policy governing securities transactions by its officers and employees. Under the internal policy, officers and other employees are reminded that (i) an officer of the Company should not deal in the securities of the Company on short-term considerations; and (ii) the Company and its officers should not deal in the securities of the Company during the period commencing two weeks before the announcement of the Company's financial statements for each of the first  three  quarters  of  its  financial  year  and  one  month before the announcement of the Company's full year financial statements (if the Company announces its quarterly financial statements, whether required by the SGX-ST or otherwise), or one month before the announcement of the Company's half year and full year financial statements (if the Company does not announce its quarterly financial statements), and ending on the date of announcement of the relevant results.

## (G) ADDITIONAL  INFORMATION  RELATING  TO  DIRECTORS  WHO  ARE  PROPOSED  TO  BE  REELECTED TO THE BOARD

## Mr Chan Kum Tao

| Ag  e  71  Country of Principal Residence  Singapore  Any relationship (including immediate family  relationships)  with  any  existing  director,  existing  executive  officer,  the  issuer  and/or  substantial shareholder of the listed issuer or  of any of its principal subsidiaries  Nil  Conflict of interest (including any competing  business)  Nil  Undertaking (in the format set out in Appendix  7.7) under Rule 720(1)  Submitted to the Company   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Any prior experience as a director of an issuer  listed on the Exchange?  If  yes,  please  provide  details  of  prior  experience.  If no, please state if the director has attended  or  will  be  attending  training  on  the  roles  and  responsibilities  of  a  director  of  a  listed  issuer  as  prescribed  by  the  Exchange.  Please provide details of relevant experience  and the nominating committee's reasons for  not requiring the director to undergo training  as prescribed by the Exchange (if applicable).  No   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Mr Yeo Wee Kiong

| Age  67  Country of Principal Residence  Singapore  Any relationship (including immediate family  relationships)  with  any  existing  director,  existing  executive  officer,  the  issuer  and/or  substantial shareholder of the listed issuer or  of any of its principal subsidiaries  Nil.  Conflict of interest (including any competing  business)  Nil.  Undertaking (in the format set out in Appendix  7.7) under Rule 720(1)  Submitted to the Company.  Any prior experience as a director of an issuer  listed on the Exchange?  If  yes,  please  provide  details  of  prior  experience.  If no, please state if the director has attended  or  will  be  attending  training  on  the  roles  and  responsibilities  of  a  director  of  a  listed  issuer  as  prescribed  by  the  Exchange.  Please provide details of relevant experience  and the nominating committee's reasons for  not requiring the director to undergo training  as prescribed by the Exchange (if applicable).  Yes.  Independent director- Bonvests Holdings Limited  Independent director - AF Global Limited  Independent Director - SMRT Corporation Limited   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Further information relating to the Directors who are proposed to be re-elected to the Board is also set out on page 8 of the Annual Report.

The re-election of Mr Yeo Wee Kiong as the Independent Director of the Company and re-election of Mr Chan Kum Tao as the Non-Executive Director of the Company were recommended by the NC, and the Board has accepted the recommendations, after taking into consideration each of their qualifications, expertise and overall contributions to the Company from each of their initial appointment as a Director of the Company.

The shareholding interest of Mr Yeo Wee Kiong and Mr Chan Kum Tao in the Group is set out on pages 38, 39 and 41 of the Annual Report.

Mr Yeo Wee Kiong and Mr Chan Kum Tao have individually confirmed that for each of the questions as set out in paragraphs (a) to (k) of Appendix 7.4.1 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST, the answer is 'no'.

## SuStainability RepoRting

ONE°15 Marina has a strong focus on sustainability and recognizes the importance of environmental, social and governance factors in creating value for our business and stakeholders. Our FY2022 Sustainability Report will disclose the Group's sustainability policies, practices and performance for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, and will also present our inaugural climate report based on the Taskforce for Climate-related Financial Disclosures  ('TCFD')  Recommendations.  The  TCFD  report  will  further  contain  the  Group's  consideration  of climate-related risks and opportunities when formulating our overall business strategy, objectives and performance measurements.

Our business goals are also aligned with the United Nations Sustainability Development Goals (UN SDGs), and we are committed to contributing towards the relevant goals through long-term sustainability efforts as outlined below:

UNSDG 6: We are working towards ensuring clean water and sanitation for all by improving our water-use efficiency, monitoring water consumption to reduce wastage and leaks, preventing seawater pollution, and educating vessel owners on proper discharge practices.

UNSDG 12: We manage waste responsibly and ensure that all waste is discharged via proper channels. Food waste is recycled into compost wherever possible, while non-reusable and non-recyclable waste is discharged into the sewage system.

UNSDG 13: We recognise the potential risks of climate change on our operations and are integrating climate resilience into our strategy formulation and decision-making processes.

UNSDG 14: We are collaborating with the National University of Singapore to protect and restore the marine ecosystem surrounding the marina at Sentosa. The ONE°15 Marina Coral Garden project and annual marina clean ups are some of the initiatives undertaken to protect the surrounding ecosystem

ONE°15 Marina has joined the Sentosa Carbon Neutral Network with an aim to achieve carbon neutrality by 2030. We are enroute to commissioning a study to benchmark our greenhouse gas emissions, develop a roadmap on how we can reduce them by making modifications to our hardware and operations, and obtain other internationally recognised green certifications for our clubhouse and marina.

Our sustainability achievements in 2022 include:

## ONE°15 Marina Coral Garden

- In 2019, 239 corals from 14 genera were transplanted to the nursery frames. As of 2022, the project has increased in coral area and diversity with 110 transplanted corals growing well and contributing to around 2m 2  of coral cover.

## Blue Water EduFest (BWE)

- Through ONE15 Marina's inaugural ocean conservation event, S$20,000 was given to winners of the Blue Water Heros whom made significant contribution in ocean and marine conservation.
- S$130,000 was donated to World Wildlife Fund for Nature to support the Baited Remote Underwater Video (BRUV) project that monitors sharks and stingrays in the Southern waters of Singapore.
- A total of 301kg of marine trash were collected at the marina clean up on the last day of BWE.

## Water Saving Initiatives

- In 2022, ONE°15 Marina achieved a reduction in water withdrawal from public utilities by implementing water saving initiatives such as switching to water-saving taps, mandatory use of nozzle on hoses, etc.

## ONE°15 Flora Garden - Indoor Vertical Garden

- Our indoor vertical garden cultivates over 15 types of vegetables and herbs that are being served in the restaurant's menu.

## Energy Saving Initiatives

- The Club managed to reduce our energy intensity in 2022 compared to 2021. This is largely due to the energy saving initiatives implemented by the Club in 2022.

## Oil Spill Management

- We prioritize  effluent  management  and  oil  spill  prevention  by  monitoring  vessel  discharges  and  swiftly managing any spills. Our oil spill kits include sprays, pads, and booms to contain spills of varying severity. We enforce strict penalties on those responsible for significant spills.

## Waste Oil Management

- Approximately 5,800 litres of engine oil disposed by yachts in the marina were collected, filtered and sent for recycling in 2022.

## Single-use plastics

- At least 37,000 single-use plastic bottles were saved by replacing mineral water bottles with glassware in our hotel and meeting rooms.

## Recycling Bins

- In 2022, we increased the size of all our recycling bins in the Marina to meet the volume of recyclables collected.

As the first marina in Southeast Asia to be accredited as a 'Fish Friendly Marina', ONE°15 Marina Sentosa Cove Singapore is committed to minimising its impact to the environment by actively engaging in exemplary environmental practices. Refer to ONE°15 Marina's Environmental Policy at www.one15marina.com/environmental-policy/

To reflect our continued commitment to global sustainability efforts, the Group has identified the following 6 focus areas to guide our sustainability strategy:

<!-- image -->

More information on the Group's efforts on sustainability management in FY2022 can be found in our FY2022 Sustainability Report which will be posted electronically on SGXNet and our corporate website in April 2023.

## SuStainability RepoRting

## Directors' statement

The directors of the Company are pleased to present their statement to the members with the audited consolidated financial statements of SUTL Enterprise Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively, the 'Group') and the financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

## 1. Opinion of the directors

In the opinion of the directors,

- (a) the accompanying financial statements and the consolidated financial statements are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position and performance of the Company and, of the financial position and performance of the Group for the reporting year covered by the financial statements or consolidated financial statements; and
- (b) at the date of the statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

The board of directors approved and authorised these financial statements for issue.

## 2. Directors

The directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are:

Eu Yee Ming Richard Tay Teng Guan Arthur Tay Teng Hock Chan Kum Tao Yeo Wee Kiong

## 3. Directors' interests in shares and debentures

The following directors of the Company, who held office at the end of the financial year, had, according to the register of directors' shareholdings required to be kept under Section 164 of the Singapore Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act'), an interest in the shares and share options of the Company and related corporations (other than wholly-owned subsidiaries) as stated below:

| Direct interests  Deemed interests  Name of director and company  in which interests are held  At the  beginning of  the financial  year  At the end  of the  financial year  At the  beginning of  the financial  year  At the end  of the  financial year  The Company  Number of ordinary shares  Tay Teng Guan Arthur  125,000  125,000  47,389,942  47,389,942  Tay Teng Hock  50,000  50,000  -  -  Chan Kum Tao  50,000  50,000  -  -  Yeo Wee Kiong  50,000  50,000  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3. Directors' interests in shares and debentures (cont'd)

| Direct interests  Deemed interests  Name of director and company  in which interests are held  At the  beginning of  the financial  year  At the end  of the  financial year  At the  beginning of  the financial  year  At the end  of the  financial year  The Company  Number of shares under option  Eu Yee Ming Richard  -  125,000  -  -  Tay Teng Guan Arthur  625,000  863,000  -  -  Tay Teng Hock  250,000  350,000  -  -  Chan Kum Tao  250,000  350,000  -  -  Yeo Wee Kiong  150,000  250,000  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

By virtue of his direct interest in SUTL Global Pte. Ltd., Tay Teng Guan Arthur is deemed, under section 7 of the Act, to have an interest in the shares of the Company held by SUTL Global Pte. Ltd.

Tay Teng Guan Arthur, who by virtue of his deemed interest of not less than 50% of the issued share capital of the Company, is deemed to have an interest in the whole of the share capital of the Company's wholly owned subsidiaries and in the shares held by the Company in the following subsidiaries that are not wholly owned by the Group:

| Direct interests  Deemed interests  At the  beginning of  the financial  year  At the end  of the  financial year  At the  beginning of  the financial  year  At the end  of the  financial year  Number of ordinary shares  Sarandra Malaysia Sdn Bhd  -  -  3,480,000  3,480,000  One15 Marina Development Bhd  -  -  5,000,000  5,000,000  One15 Marina Management Sdn Bhd  -  -  100  100   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The directors' interests as at 21 January 2023 were the same as those at the end of the financial year.

## 4. Arrangements to enable directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares and debentures

Neither  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  year  nor  at  any  time  during  the  reporting  year  did  there  subsist arrangements to which the Company is a party, being arrangements whose objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate except for the options rights and other rights mentioned below.

## Directors' statement

## Directors' statement

## 5. Share options

Share Option Scheme 2011 for the employees of the Group and directors of the Company ('SOS 2011') was approved by the members of the Company at an Extraordinary General Meeting held on 29 April 2011.

SOS 2011 was extended for a period of ten years from 29 April 2022 up to and including 28 April 2031.

Pursuant to the SOS 2011, participants would be granted options to subscribe for ordinary shares of the Company, and the options granted will have an exercise period expiring at the end of five years (for NonExecutive Directors) and ten years (for the employees of the Group inclusive of executive directors) from the date of the grant.

The exercise price is at:

-  A price which is equivalent to the market price (as determine under the rules of the SOS 2011); or
-  A price which is set at a discount to the market price (as determined under the rules of the SOS 2011), provided that the maximum discount shall not exceed 20% of the market price.

The options will be exercisable after the expiration of the first and second anniversaries of the date the options were granted.

The SOS 2011 is administered by the Remuneration Committee whose members are:

Yeo Wee Kiong

(Chairman)

Eu Yee Ming Richard

(Member)

Chan Kum Tao

(Member)

On 19 May 2022, the Company granted options to directors and employees of the Group to subscribe for 1,343,000 (24 May 2021: 1,335,000) shares in the Company. 50% of the share options will be exercisable after the first anniversary of the date of grant. The balance of the share options will be exercisable after the second anniversary of the date of grant, provided that the options granted to the executive employees and executive director shall be exercised before the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, and the share options granted to non-executive directors shall be exercised before the fifth anniversary of the relevant date of grant. The exercise price is S$0.48 (2021: S$0.50) per share.

## 5. Share options (cont'd)

Details of the options to subscribe for ordinary shares of the Company granted to directors, controlling shareholders and their associates and employees of the Group pursuant to SOS 2011 are as follows:

| Name of holders  Options  granted  during the  financial  year under  review  Aggregate  options  granted since  commencement  of Scheme to  end of financial  year under  review  Aggregate  options  exercised since  commencement  of Scheme to  end of financial  year under  review  Aggregate  options  lapsed since  commencement  of Scheme to  end of financial  year under  review  Aggregate  options  outstanding  as at year  end of  financial  year under  review  SOS 2011  Directors  Eu Yee Ming Richard  125,000  125,000  -  -  125,000  Chan Kum Tao  100,000  400,000  (50,000)  -  350,000  Yeo Wee Kiong  100,000  300,000  (50,000)  -  250,000  Retired directors  -  475,000  (62,500)  (100,000)  312,500  Controlling  shareholder and his  associate  Tay Teng Guan  Arthur  238,000  988,000  (125,000)  -  863,000  Tay Teng Hock  100,000  400,000  (50,000)  -  350,000  Employees  680,000  2,370,000  (275,000)  (680,000)  1,415,000  1,343,000  5,058,000  (612,500)  (780,000)  3,665,500   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The outstanding number of options at the end of the reporting year was:

| Exercise price  Grant date  Exercise period  Number of shares  outstanding as at  31 December  2022  2021  57.70 cents  5 July 2019  5 July 2020 to 4 July 2024  325,000  325,000  57.70 cents  5 July 2019  5 July 2020 to 4 July 2029  450,000  600,000  38.00 cents  5 July 2020  3 July 2021 to 2 July 2025  212,500  212,500  38.00 cents  3 July 2020  3 July 2021 to 2 July 2030  300,000  375,000  50.00 cents  24 May 2021  24 May 2022 to 24 May 2026  425,000  425,000  50.00 cents  24 May 2021  24 May 2022 to 24 May 2031  760,000  910,000  48.00 cents  19 May 2022  19 May 2023 to 19 May 2026  425,000  -  48.00 cents  19 May 2022  19 May 2023 to 19 May 2031  768,000  -  3,665,500  2,847,500   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Aggregate options granted since commencement of SOS 2011 to end of the financial year under review is 5,058,000 (2021: 3,715,000).

During the reporting year, 75,000 shares were issued by virtue of the exercise of share options.

## Directors' statement

42

## Directors' statement

## 6. Independent auditor

RSM Chio Lim LLP has expressed willingness to accept re-appointment.

## 7. Report of audit committee

The members of the audit committee ('AC') at the date of this report are as follows:

Yeo Wee Kiong (Chairman) Eu Yee Ming Richard (Member) Chan Kum Tao (Member)

The AC performs the functions specified by section 201B (5) of the Act. Among other functions, it performed the following:

- Reviewed with the independent external auditor their audit plan.
- Reviewed with the independent external auditor their evaluation of the Company's internal accounting controls relevant to their statutory audit, and their report on the financial statements and the assistance given by management to them.
- Reviewed with the internal auditor the scope and results of the internal audit procedures (including those relating  to  financial,  operational,  compliance  and  information  technology  controls)  and  risk management systems, and the assistance given by the management to the internal auditor.
- Reviewed the financial statements of the Group and the Company prior to their submission to the directors of the Company for adoption.
- Reviewed the interested person transactions (as defined in Chapter 9 of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited Listing Manual).

Other functions performed by the AC are described in the report on corporate governance included in the annual report of the Company. It also includes an explanation of how independent auditor objectivity and independence is safeguarded where the independent auditor provides non-audit services.

The AC has recommended to the board of directors that the independent auditor, RSM Chio Lim LLP , be nominated for re-appointment as the independent auditor at the next annual general meeting of the Company.

## 8. Directors' opinion on the adequacy of internal controls

Based on the internal controls established and maintained by the Group, work performed by the internal and external auditors, and reviews performed by management, other committees of the board and the board, the AC and the board are of the opinion that the Group's internal controls and risk management systems, addressing financial, operational, compliance and information technology risks, are adequate and effective as at the end of the reporting year 31 December 2022.

## 9. Subsequent developments

There  are  no  significant  developments  subsequent  to  the  release  of  the  Group's  and  the  Company's preliminary financial statements, as announced on 28 February 2023, which would materially affect the Group's and the Company's operating and financial performance as of the date of this report.

On behalf of the board of directors

…………………………………

…………………………………

Tay Teng Guan Arthur Director

Tay Teng Hock

Director

23 March 2023

## Directors' statement

## Independent AudItor's report

To the members of SUTL Enterprise Limited

## Report on the audit of the financial statements

## Opinion

We have audited the accompanying financial statements of SUTL Enterprise Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (the 'Group'), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows of the Group, and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the reporting year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including accounting policies.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position  and  statement  of  changes  in  equity  of  the  Company  are  properly  drawn  up  in  accordance  with  the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 ('the Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS (I)') so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group and the changes in equity of the Company for the reporting year ended on that date.

## Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing ('SSAs'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority ('ACRA') Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities ('ACRA Code') together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current reporting year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

1. Classification of non-current assets held for sale

Refer to Note 2 on accounting policies and Note 2C on critical judgements, assumptions and estimation uncertainties. Further information in relation to assets held for sale are provided in Note 19 to the financial statements.

The Group's assets held for sale comprise of freehold land, furniture and fittings, equipment, pontoons and fixtures (the 'Assets') with an aggregate sum of $4,423,000 (2021:$4,710,000) as at 31 December 2022.

We identified the classification and the assessment of the carrying value of the assets held for sale as a key audit matter as the determination of whether these Assets meet the criteria for classification as held for sale, as set out under SFRS(I) 5 - Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations ('SFRS(I) 5'), required judgement. Further, the determination of the fair value less costs to sell required estimations, including expected future selling prices and the costs necessary to complete the sale of these Assets.

As required by SFRS(I) 5, management measured the Assets in accordance with SFRS(I) 1-36 - Impairment of Assets ('SFRS(I) 1-36') and recorded an impairment loss of $2,790,000 in 2021 in conjunction with the classification of the Assets as held for sale. No further impairment loss was recorded in 2022, with the decline in value being attributable to foreign exchange differences.

## Key audit matters (cont'd)

1. Classification of non-current assets held for sale (cont'd)

We reviewed management's assessment of the basis for continuing to classify of these Assets as held for  sale,  particularly  in  light  of  no  disposal  occurring  in  2022.    We  assessed  the  reasonableness  of  the recoverable  amounts  of  these  Assets,  which  had  been  determined  by  management  with  reference  to expected sale prices less costs to sell. We also assessed the adequacy of the disclosures made in the financial statements.

## 2. Assessing expected credit loss allowance on trade receivables

Refer to Note 2 on accounting policies and Note 2C on critical judgements, assumptions and estimation uncertainties. Further information in relation to impairment of trade receivables are provided in Note 15 of the financial statements.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group's gross trade receivables amounted to $3,099,000 (2021: $2,970,000). The estimated credit loss allowance for trade receivables amounted to $804,000 (2021: $425,000).

We identified the assessment of impairment of trade receivables as a key audit matter as the collectability of trade receivables is essential to the Group's working capital management. In addition, the level of allowance for  expected  credit  losses  ('ECL')  on  trade  receivables  requires  significant  management's  judgement regarding the expected future financial condition and ability to collect amounts from the debtors.

Management's approach for assessing the ECL on trade receivables  includes  the  identification  of  two distinct debtor groups with differing credit risk profiles, corporate and individual, and individually analysing the historical collection trends for each aged bracket. There is a risk that the Group's trade receivables which are past due but not impaired may not be recoverable and allowance for ECL on doubtful trade receivables may not be adequate or reasonable. The Group uses historical loss rates which are based on bad debts written off in the prior years for each aged bracket. The historical loss rates are also adjusted with forward-looking information which incorporate forecasted macroeconomic factors.

We reviewed management's process over the recoverability of outstanding trade receivables and evaluated management's assumptions used to estimate the ECL allowance amount. For trade receivables of which recoverability is in doubt, we assessed the Group's processes and controls relating to the monitoring of trade receivables and considered ageing of debts to identify collection risks. We also performed other audit procedures that included reviewing payment history and verifying to receipts subsequent to the year end. Lastly, we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures made in the financial statements.

## Other information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the statement by directors but does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Independent AudItor's report

To the members of SUTL Enterprise Limited

## Independent AudItor's report

To the members of SUTL Enterprise Limited

## Responsibilities of management and directors for the financial statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the financial reporting standards, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Company's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- (a) Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting  from  fraud  is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- (b) Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- (c) Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- (d) Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
- (e) Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- (f) Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

## Independent AudItor's report

To the members of SUTL Enterprise Limited

## Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (cont'd)

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and by those subsidiary  corporations  incorporated  in  Singapore  of  which  we  are  the  auditors  have  been  properly  kept  in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Naveen Sasidaran.

RSM Chio Lim LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants Singapore

## 23 March 2023

Engagement partner - effective from reporting year ended 31 December 2021.

## Consolidated statement of Comprehensive inCome

Year Ended 31 December 2022

| Group  Notes  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Revenue  Sales of goods and services  5  27,515  20,353  Membership related fees and management fees  5  10,617  11,529  Total revenue  38,132  31,882  Other income  6  1,432  1,281  Items of expense  Employee benefits expense  7  (12,131)  (10,948)  Advertising, publication and event expenses  (898)  (518)  Depreciation expense  12  (5,612)  (5,678)  Cost of sales  (5,602)  (3,182)  Repair, maintenance and cleaning expenses  (1,876)  (1,677)  Utilities  (811)  (818)  Property tax  (883)  (830)  Allowance for expected credit losses on trade receivables  15  (406)  (2)  Loan interest, bank and credit card charges  (776)  (616)  Other expenses  (2,467)  (4,392)  Total expenses  (31,462)  (28,661)  Profit before tax from continuing operations  8,102  4,502  Income tax expense  9  (1,156)  (1,523)  Profit from continuing operations for the year  6,946  2,979  Other comprehensive income:  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:  Exchange differences on translating foreign operations, net of tax  473  32  Total comprehensive income  7,419  3,011  Profit attributable to:  Owners of the Company  7,520  4,921  Non-controlling interests  (574)  (1,942)  Profit net of tax  6,946  2,979  Total comprehensive income attributable to:  Owners of the Company  7,806  4,941  Non-controlling interests  (387)  (1,930)  Total comprehensive income  7,419  3,011  Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company (cents)  Basic  11  8.74  5.74  Diluted  11  8.73  5.72   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

## StatementS of financial PoSition

As at 31 December 2022

| Group  Company  Notes  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  12  61,316  66,220  -  -  Investment in subsidiaries  13  -  -  20,640  20,901  61,316  66,220  20,640  20,901  Current assets  Inventories  14  174  171  -  -  Prepayments  436  351  3  4  Trade and other receivables  15  2,629  2,810  197  25  Amounts due from related companies  17  -  102  230  80  Other financial assets  16  29,661  -  29,661  -  Cash and cash equivalents  18  25,742  46,699  16,817  34,535  58,642  50,133  46,908  34,644  Non-current assets classified as held for sale  19  4,423  4,710  -  -  63,065  54,843  46,908  34,644  Total assets  124,381  121,063  67,548  55,545  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity  Share capital  20  47,072  47,034  41,102  41,064  Treasury shares  20A  (495)  (495)  (495)  (495)  Retained earnings  13,206  7,360  5,513  7,866  Other reserves  22  932  516  473  343  Equity, attributable to owners of the  Company  60,715  54,415  46,593  48,778  Non-controlling interests  (3,162)  (2,775)  -  -  Total equity  57,553  51,640  46,593  48,778  Non-current liabilities  Deferred membership income  23  39,600  43,936  -  -  Deferred tax liabilities  9C  6,699  5,611  -  -  Bank borrowings  25  674  1,029  -  -  46,973  50,576  -  -  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  26  10,585  9,657  388  304  Amount due to related companies  17  -  25  5  -  Loan from a subsidiary  27  -  -  20,500  6,450  Loans from non-controlling interests  24  5,155  5,224  -  -  Bank borrowings  25  361  361  -  -  Income tax payable  61  13  62  13  Deferred membership income  23  3,693  3,567  -  -  19,855  18,847  20,955  6,767  Total liabilities  66,828  69,423  20,955  6,767  Total equity and liabilities  124,381  121,063  67,548  55,545   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

## StatementS of ChangeS in equity

Year Ended 31 December 2022

| Attributable  Total  to owners  of the  Company  Share  Retained  Treasury  Other  Non-  controlling  Group  equity  sub-total  capital  earnings  shares  reserves  interests  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Current year:  Balance at 1 January 2022  51,640  54,415  47,034  7,360  (495)  516  (2,775)  Profit/(loss) for the year  6,946  7,520  -  7,520  -  -  (574)  Other comprehensive income  Foreign  currency  translation  gain  473  286  -  -  -  286  187  Total  comprehensive  income  for the year  7,419  7,806  -  7,520  -  286  (387)  Contributions by and  distributions to owners  Dividends on ordinary shares  (Note 10)  (1,720)  (1,720)  -  (1,720)  -  -  -  Share-based payment  expense (Note 21)  185  185  -  46  -  139  -  Issuance of shares pursuant  to the exercise of employee  share options  29  29  38  -  -  (9)  -  Total contributions by and  distributions to owners  (1,506)  (1,506)  38  (1,674)  -  130  -  Balance at 31 December  2022  57,553  60,715  47,072  13,206  (495)  932  (3,162)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

## StatementS of ChangeS in equity

Year Ended 31 December 2022

| Attributable  Total  to owners  of the  Company  Share  Retained  Treasury  Other  Non-  controlling  Group  equity  sub-total  capital  earnings  shares  reserves  interests  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Previous year:  Balance at 1 January 2021  58,588  59,433  46,780  12,748  (431)  336  (845)  Profit/(loss) for the year  2,979  4,921  -  4,921  -  -  (1,942)  Other comprehensive income  Foreign  currency  translation  gain  32  20  -  -  -  20  12  Total  comprehensive  income  for the year  3,011  4,941  -  4,921  -  20  (1,930)  Contributions by and  distributions to owners  Dividends on ordinary shares  (Note 10)  (10,309)  (10,309)  -  (10,309)  -  -  -  Share-based payment  expense (Note 21)  210  210  -  -  -  210  -  Purchase of treasury shares  (Note 20A)  (64)  (64)  -  -  (64)  -  -  Issuance of shares pursuant  to the exercise of employee  share options  204  204  254  -  -  (50)  -  Total contributions by and  distributions to owners  (9,959)  (9,959)  254  (10,309)  (64)  160  -  Balance at 31 December  2021  51,640  54,415  47,034  7,360  (495)  516  (2,775)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

## StatementS of ChangeS in equity

Year Ended 31 December 2022

| Total  Share  Retained  Treasury  Other  Company  equity  capital  earnings  shares  reserves  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Current year:  Balance at 1 January 2022  48,778  41,064  7,866  (495)  343  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (679)  -  (679)  -  -  Contributions by and distributions to owners  Dividends on ordinary shares (Note 10)  (1,720)  -  (1,720)  -  -  Share-based payment expense (Note 21)  185  -  46  -  139  Issuance of shares pursuant to the exercise of  employee share options  29  38  -  -  (9)  Total contributions by and distributions to owners  (1,506)  38  (1,674)  -  130  Balance at 31 December 2022  46,593  41,102  5,513  (495)  473  Previous year:  Balance at 1 January 2021  53,472  40,810  12,910  (431)  183  Total comprehensive income for the year  5,265  -  5,265  -  -  Contributions by and distributions to owners  Dividends on ordinary shares (Note 10)  (10,309)  -  (10,309)  -  -  Share-based payment expense (Note 21)  210  -  -  -  210  Purchase of treasury shares (Note 20A)  (64)  -  -  (64)  -  Issuance of shares pursuant to the exercise of  employee share options  204  254  -  -  (50)  Total contributions by and distributions to owners  (9,959)  254  (10,309)  (64)  160  Balance at 31 December 2021  48,778  41,064  7,866  (495)  343   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

## Consolidated statement of Cash flows

Year Ended 31 December 2022

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Cash flows from operating activities  Profit before income tax  8,102  4,502  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  5,612  5,678  Deferred membership income recognised  (3,877)  (4,276)  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (16)  -  Property, plant and equipment written off  244  142  Impairment of property, plant and equipment (Note 8)  -  2,790  Interest expense  291  248  Interest income  (542)  (163)  Share-based payment expense  185  210  Foreign exchange adjustment unrealised losses  433  72  Operating cash flows before changes in working capital  10,432  9,203  Increase in inventories  (3)  (52)  Decrease in trade and other receivables  96  18  (Increase)/decrease in amounts due from related companies  102  (46)  Increase/(decrease) in amounts due to related companies  (25)  (89)  Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables  928  (1,502)  Increase/(decrease) in deferred membership income  (333)  112  Cash flows generated from operations  11,197  7,644  Interest paid  (39)  (24)  Interest received  542  163  Income tax paid  (13)  (44)  Net cash flows generated from operating activities  11,687  7,739  Cash flows from investing activities  Purchase of other financial assets  (29,661)  -  Proceed from sale of property, plant and equipment  25  -  Purchase of property, plant and equipment (Note 12)  (962)  (1,995)  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (30,598)  (1,995)  Cash flows from financing activities  Purchase of treasury shares  -  (64)  Dividends paid on ordinary shares  (1,720)  (10,309)  Loans from non-controlling interests  -  842  Proceeds from issuance of shares pursuant to the exercise of employee share  options  29  204  Repayment of bank borrowing  (355)  (90)  Net cash flows used in financing activities  (2,046)  (9,417)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (20,957)  (3,673)  Cash and cash equivalents, statement of cash flows, beginning balance  46,699  50,372  Cash and cash equivalents, statement of cash flows, ending balance (Note 18)  25,742  46,699   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 1. General

The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Singapore and listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST'). The financial statements are presented in Singapore dollars ('$'000') and they cover the Company and its subsidiaries.

The board of directors approved and authorised these financial statements for issue on the date of the statement by directors. The directors have the power to amend and reissue the financial statements.

The principal  activities  of  the  Company  are  those  of  investment  holding  and  provision  of  management services.

The principal activities of the subsidiaries are described in the notes to financial statements below.

The registered office is: 100J Pasir Panjang Road #05-00 SUTL House Singapore 118525.

## Uncertainties relating to the current economic conditions

Management  has  considered  the  current  economic  conditions  caused  by  the  Covid-19  pandemic, commodities inflation, as well as the war in Ukraine at the end of the reporting year and reviewed the probable impact and plausible downside scenarios. No material uncertainties were identified in connection with the reporting entity's ability to continue in operational existence for the near future.

## Statement of compliance with financial reporting standards

These  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  Singapore  Financial  Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS (I)') and the related Interpretations to SFRS (I) ('SFRS (I) INT') as issued by the Singapore Accounting Standards Council. They comply with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 and with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

## Accounting convention

The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis under the historical cost convention except where a financial reporting standard requires an alternative treatment (such as fair values) as disclosed where appropriate in these financial statements. The accounting policies in the financial reporting standards may not be applied when the effect of applying them is not material. The disclosures required by financial reporting standards may not be provided if the information resulting from that disclosure is not material.

## Basis of preparation of the financial statements

The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements made up to the end of the reporting year of the Company and all of its subsidiaries. The consolidated financial statements are the financial statements of the Group (the parent and its subsidiaries) presented as those of a single economic entity and  are  prepared  using  uniform  accounting  policies  for  like  transactions  and  other  events  in  similar circumstances.  All  significant  intragroup  balances  and  transactions  are  eliminated  on  consolidation. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date the reporting entity obtains control of the investee. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.

Changes in the Group's ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result  in  the  loss  of  control  are accounted for within equity as transactions with owners in their capacity as owners.  The carrying amounts of the Group's and non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiary. When the Group loses control of a subsidiary it derecognises the assets and liabilities and related equity components of the former subsidiary. Any gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.  Any investment retained in the former subsidiary is measured at fair value at the date when control is lost and is subsequently accounted as equity investments financial assets in accordance with the financial reporting standard on financial instruments.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Significant accounting policies and other explanatory information

## 2A. Significant accounting policies

## Revenue recognition

Revenue is measured based on the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties.

Revenue  is  recognised  when  the  Group  satisfies  a  performance  obligation  by  transferring  a  promised good or service to the customer, which is when the customer obtains control of the good or service. A performance obligation may be satisfied at a point in time or over time. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount allocated to the satisfied performance obligation.

Sales of goods and services comprise all income and proceeds from sales resulting from the operations of the marina and all facilities therein and are recognised as and when goods and services are provided. Revenue arising from chartering of vessels is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the contracted charter periods.

Membership related fees and management fees - Membership related fees comprise all income relating to the club membership, which are as follows:

-  Subscription  fee  -  Subscription  fee  is  recognised  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  period  of  the subscription.
-  Entrance fee - Entrance fee is recognised on a straight-line basis over the membership tenure period in which the entrance fee is paid. Non-refundable upfront entrance fee is deferred and presented in balance sheet as deferred membership income. If a member is to terminate the membership before the end of the membership tenure, the deferred membership income pertaining to the membership will be recognised in full in the year of termination.
-  Transfer fee - Transfer fee is recognised upon transfer of membership.
-  Management fee - Management fee is recognised as and when services are provided.

## Government grants

Government grants are recognised at fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the conditions attaching to them will be complied with and that the grants will be received. Grants in recognition of specific expenses are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods necessary to match them with the related costs that they are intended to compensate.

## Employee benefits

-  Defined contribution plans

The Group participates in the national pension schemes as defined by the laws of the countries in which it has operations. In particular, the Singapore companies in the Group make contributions to the Central Provident Fund scheme in Singapore, a defined contribution pension scheme. Contributions to defined contribution pension schemes are recognised as an expense in the period in which the related service is performed.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2A. Significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Employee benefits (cont'd)

-  Employee share option plans

Employees of the Group may receive remuneration in the form of share options as consideration for services rendered.

The cost of these equity-settled share-based payment with employees is measured by reference to the fair value of the options at the date on which the options are granted which takes into account market conditions and non-vesting conditions. This cost is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income, with a corresponding increase in the employee share option reserve, over the vesting period. The cumulative expense recognised at each reporting date until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group's best estimate of the number of options that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the statement of comprehensive income for a period represents the movement in cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period and is recognised in employee benefits expense.

The employee share option reserve is transferred to retained earnings upon the forfeiture of the share option scheme.

-  Employee leave entitlement

Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised as a liability when they are accrued to the employees. The undiscounted liability for leave expected to be settled after the end of the reporting period is recognised for services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs are interest and other costs incurred in connection with the borrowings and are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred. Interest expense is calculated using the effective interest rate method.

## Presentation currency

The financial statements are presented in Singapore Dollars ('$'), which is also the Company's functional currency. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.

## Foreign currency transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are measured in the respective functional currencies of the Company and its subsidiaries and are recorded on initial recognition in the functional currencies at exchange rates approximating those ruling at the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rate of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items at the end of the reporting period are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income except for exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part of the Group's net investment in foreign operations, which are recognised initially  in  other  comprehensive  income  and  accumulated  under  foreign  currency translation  reserve  in  equity.  The  foreign  currency  translation  reserve  is  reclassified  from  equity  to  the statement of comprehensive income of the Group on disposal of the foreign operation.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2A. Significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Translation of financial statements of foreign operations

Each foreign operations determine the appropriate functional currency as it reflects the primary economic environment in which the relevant reporting entity operates. In translating the financial statements of such an entity for incorporation in the combined financial statements in the presentation currency the assets and liabilities denominated in other currencies are translated at end of the reporting year rates of exchange and income and expense items for each statement presenting profit or loss and other comprehensive income are translated at average rates of exchange for the reporting year. The resulting translation adjustments (if any) are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in a separate component of equity until the disposal of that relevant reporting entity. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.

In the case of a partial disposal without loss of control of a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of the cumulative amount of the exchange differences is re-attributed to non-controlling interest and is not recognised in the statement of comprehensive income. For partial disposals of associates or jointly controlled entities that are foreign operations, the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is reclassified to the statement of comprehensive income.

## Income tax

The income taxes are accounted using the asset and liability method that requires the recognition of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequence of events that have been recognised in the financial statements or tax returns. The measurements of current and deferred tax liabilities  and  assets  are  based  on  provisions  of  the  enacted  or  substantially  enacted tax laws; the effects of future changes in tax laws or rates are not anticipated. Tax expense (tax income) is  the aggregate amount included in the determination of profit or loss for the reporting year in respect of current tax and deferred tax. For items recognised outside profit or loss the current tax and deferred tax are recognised (a) in other comprehensive income if the tax is related to an item recognised in other comprehensive income and (b) directly in equity if the tax is related to an item recognised directly in equity. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they relate to income taxes levied by the same income tax authority. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each end of the reporting year and is reduced, if necessary, by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realised. A deferred tax amount is recognised for all temporary differences, unless the deferred tax amount arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction which (i) is not a business combination; and (ii) at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit (tax loss).

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2A. Significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost on initial recognition and after initial recognition at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is provided on a straight-line method to allocate the gross carrying amounts of the assets less their residual values over their estimated useful lives of each part of an item of these assets (or, for leasehold improvements and certain leased assets, the shorter lease term). The annual rates of depreciation are as follows:

Leasehold land

- Remaining lease term

Building

- Remaining lease term

Renovations

- 5 - 10 years

Furniture and fittings

- 3 - 7 years

Office and operating equipment

- 5 years

Motor vehicles

- 10 years

Pontoons and fixtures -

3 - 10 years

Computers

- 3 - 10 years

Other equipment

- 5 - 7 years

An upfront payment was made for the leasehold land and building for the marina operations of a subsidiary. They are amortised over the period of the lease term on the straight-line method. Freehold land has an unlimited useful life and therefore is not depreciated.

The gain or loss arising from the derecognition of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss. The residual value and the useful life of an asset is reviewed at least at each end of the reporting year and, if expectations differ significantly from previous estimates, the changes are accounted for as a change in an accounting estimate, and the depreciation charge for the current and future periods are adjusted.

Cost also includes acquisition cost, borrowing cost capitalised and any cost directly attributable to bringing the asset or component to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Subsequent costs are recognised as an asset only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the entity and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss when they are incurred.

## Right-of-use assets

The  Group  recognises  right-of-use  assets  at  the  commencement  date  of  the  lease  (i.e.,  the  date  the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets, as follows:

Office and operating equipment -5 years

If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2A. Significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Leases of lessee

A  lease  conveys  the  right  to  use  an  asset  (the  underlying  asset)  for  a  period  of  time  in  exchange  for consideration.  Where a lease arrangement is identified, a liability to the lessor is recognised as a lease obligation calculated at the present value of minimum lease payments. A corresponding right-of-use asset is recorded (or included in property, plant and equipment). Lease payments are apportioned between finance costs and reduction of the lease liability so as to reflect the interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Finance charges are recorded as a finance cost. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset and the lease term. Leases with a term of 12 months or less and leases for low value are not recorded as a liability and lease payments are recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Leases of lessor

For a lessor a lease is classified as either an operating lease or a finance lease. A lease is classified as an operating lease if it does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset. Operating leases are for rental income. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset and it is presented in its statement of financial position as a receivable at an amount equal to the net investment in the lease. For a finance lease the finance income is recognised over the lease term, based on a pattern reflecting a constant periodic rate of return on the lessor's net investment in the lease.

## Subsidiaries

A subsidiary is an entity including any unincorporated and special purpose entity that is controlled by the reporting entity and the reporting entity is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. The existence and effect of substantive potential voting rights that the reporting entity has the practical ability to exercise (that is, substantive rights) are considered when assessing whether the reporting entity controls another entity.

In the reporting entity's separate financial statements, an investment in a subsidiary is accounted for at cost less any allowance for impairment in value. Impairment loss recognised in profit or loss for a subsidiary is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. The carrying value and the net book value of the investment in  a  subsidiary  are  not  necessarily  indicative  of  the  amount  that  would  be  realised  in  a  current  market exchange.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2A. Significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Non-controlling interests

The non-controlling interest is equity in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the reporting entity as the parent. The non-controlling interest is presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from the equity of the owners of the parent. For each business combination, any non-controlling interest in the acquiree (subsidiary) is initially measured either at fair value or at the noncontrolling interest's proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. Where the non-controlling interest is measured at fair value, the valuation techniques and key model inputs used are disclosed in the relevant Note.  Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income is attributed to the owners of the parent and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

## Inventories

Inventories  are  measured  at  the  lower  of  cost  (first  in  first  out  method)  and  net  realisable  value.  Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. Cost includes all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

Where necessary, allowance is provided for damaged, obsolete and slow moving items to adjust the carrying value of inventories to the lower of cost and net realisable value.

## Carrying amounts of non-financial assets

Irrespective of whether there is any indication of impairment, an annual impairment test is performed at about the same time every year on an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life or an intangible asset not yet available for use. The carrying amount of other non-financial assets is reviewed at each end of the reporting year for indications of impairment and where an asset is impaired, it is written down through profit or loss to its estimated recoverable amount. The impairment loss is the excess of the carrying amount over the recoverable amount and is expensed.  The recoverable amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. When the fair value less costs of disposal method is used, any available recent market transactions are taken into consideration. When the value in use method is adopted, in assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). At each end of the reporting year non-financial assets other than goodwill with impairment loss recognised in prior periods are assessed for possible reversal of the impairment.  An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been measured, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2A. Significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Financial instruments

Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments

A financial asset or a financial liability is recognised when, and only when, the entity becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.  All other financial instruments (including regular-way purchases and sales of financial assets) are recognised and derecognised, as applicable, using trade date accounting or settlement date accounting. A financial asset is derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which the entity neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset. A financial liability is removed from the statement of financial position when, and only when, it is extinguished, that is, when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged or cancelled or expires.

At initial recognition the financial asset or financial liability is measured at its fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset or financial liability not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial asset or financial liability.

Classification and measurement of financial assets:

Financial assets are classified into (1) Financial asset classified as measured at amortised cost; (2) Financial asset that is an equity investment measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI); (3)  Financial  asset  that  is  a  debt  asset  instrument  classified  as  measured  at  fair  value  through  other comprehensive income (FVTOCI); and (4) Financial asset classified as measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). At the end of the reporting year, the reporting entity had the following financial assets:

1. Financial asset classified as measured at amortised cost: A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at fair value through profit or  loss  (FVTPL),  that  is  (a)  the  asset  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose  objective  is  to  hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and (b) the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Typically trade and other receivables, bank and cash balances are classified in this category.
2. Financial asset classified as measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL):   All other financial assets are classified as measured at FVTPL. In addition, on initial recognition, management may irrevocably designate a financial asset as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise from measuring assets or liabilities or recognising the gains and losses on them on different bases.

Financial liabilities are classified as at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) in either of the following circumstances: (1) the liabilities are managed, evaluated and reported internally on a fair value basis; or (2) the designation eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise. All other financial liabilities are carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Reclassification of any financial liability is not permitted.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2A. Significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Cash and cash equivalents

For the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash and cash equivalents less cash subject to restriction and bank overdrafts payable on demand that form an integral part of cash management. Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

## Derivative financial instruments

A derivative financial instrument is a financial instrument with all three of the following characteristics (a) its value changes in response to the change in a specified interest rate, financial instrument price, commodity price,  foreign  exchange rate, index of prices, credit ratings or other variable, provided in the case of a non-financial variable that the variable is not specific to a party to the contract; (b) it requires no initial net investment or an initial net investment that is smaller than would be required for other types of contracts that would be expected to have a similar response to changes in market factors; and (c) it is settled at a future date. The derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently classified as measured at FVTPL unless the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

## Fair value measurement

The fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, market observable data to the extent possible is used. If the fair value of an asset or a  liability  is  not  directly  observable,  an  estimate  is  made  using  valuation  techniques  that  maximise  the use of relevant observable inputs and minimise the use of unobservable inputs (e.g. by use of the market comparable approach that reflects recent transaction prices for similar items, discounted cash flow analysis, or option pricing models refined to reflect the issuer's specific circumstances). Inputs used are consistent with the characteristics of the asset /liability that market participants would take into account. The entity's intention to hold an asset or to settle or otherwise fulfil a liability is not taken into account as relevant when measuring fair value.

Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the degree to which the inputs to the measurement are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety: Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices). Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognised at the end of the reporting period during which the change occurred.

The carrying values of current financial instruments approximate their fair values due to the short-term maturity of these instruments and the disclosures of fair value are not made when the carrying amount of current financial instruments is a reasonable approximation of the fair value. The fair values of non-current financial instruments may not be disclosed separately unless there are significant differences at the end of the reporting year and in the event the fair values are disclosed in the relevant notes to the financial statements.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2B. Other explanatory information

## Segment reporting

The  reporting  entity  discloses  financial  and  descriptive  information  about  its  consolidated  reportable segments.  Reportable  segments  are  operating  segments  or  aggregations  of  operating  segments  that meet specified criteria. Operating segments are components about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing the performance. Generally, financial information is reported on the same basis as is used internally for evaluating operating segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources to operating segments.

## Provisions

A liability or provision is recognised when there is a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. A provision is made using best estimates of the amount required in settlement and where the effect of the time value of money is material, the amount recognised is the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense. Changes in estimates are reflected in profit or loss in the reporting year they occur.

## Treasury shares

Where the entity reacquires its own equity instruments as treasury shares, the consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental cost is deducted from equity attributable to the entity's owners until the shares are cancelled, reissued or disposed of. Where such shares are subsequently sold or reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the entity's owners and no gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

## 2C. Critical judgments, assumptions and estimation uncertainties

The  critical  judgements  made  in  the  process  of  applying  the  accounting  policies  that  have  the  most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements and the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting year, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities currently or within the next reporting year are discussed below. These estimates and assumptions are periodically monitored to ensure they incorporate all relevant information available at the date when financial statements are prepared. However, this does not prevent actual figures differing from estimates.

## Classification of non-current assets held for sale:

Identifiable  assets  are  classified  as  held  for  sale  if  their  carrying  amount  is  to  be  recovered  principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use and if the sale is expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification, except as permitted by the financial reporting standard on non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations, in certain circumstances. Assets that meet the criteria to be classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs of disposal and are presented separately on the face of the statement of financial position.  Once an asset is classified as held for sale or included in a group of assets held for sale no further depreciation or amortisation is recorded.  Impairment losses on initial classification of the balances as held for sale are included in profit or loss, even when there is a revaluation. The same applies to gains and losses on subsequent remeasurement. The carrying amount is disclosed in Note 19 on non-current assets classified as held for sale.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 2. Significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (cont'd)

## 2C. Critical judgments, assumptions and estimation uncertainties (cont'd)

Assessing expected credit loss allowance on trade receivables:

The assessment of the expected credit losses (ECL) requires a degree of estimation and judgement. In measuring the expected credit losses. Management considers all reasonable and supportable information such as the reporting entity's past experience at collecting receipts, any increase in the number of delayed receipts in the portfolio past the average credit period, and forward looking information such as forecasts of future economic conditions. The carrying amounts might change materially within the next reporting year but these changes may not arise from assumptions or other sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting year.  The carrying amount is disclosed in the Note on trade and other receivables.

## Estimating useful lives of property, plant and equipment:

The estimates for the useful lives and related depreciation charges for property, plant and equipment are based on commercial and other factors which could change significantly as a result of innovations and in response to market conditions. The depreciation charge is increased where useful lives are less than previously  estimated  lives,  or  the  carrying  amounts  written  off  or  written  down  for  technically  obsolete items or assets that have been abandoned. It is impracticable to disclose the extent of the possible effects. It is reasonably possible, based on existing knowledge, that outcomes within the next reporting year that are different from assumptions could require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the balances affected. The carrying amount of the assets at the end of the reporting year affected by the assumption is $61,316,000 (2021: $66,152,000).

## 3. Related party relationships and transactions

The financial reporting standard on related party disclosures requires the reporting entity to disclose: (a) related  party  relationships,  transactions  and  outstanding  balances,  including  commitments,  including (b) relationships between parents and subsidiaries irrespective of whether there have been transactions between those related parties. A party is related to a party if the party controls, or is controlled by, or can significantly influence or is significantly influenced by the other party.

## 3A. Members of a group:

| Name  Relationship  Country of incorporation  SUTL Global Pte. Ltd.  Holding company  Singapore   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Related companies in these financial statements include the subsidiaries of the above company.

The ultimate controlling party is Tay Teng Guan Arthur, a director and controlling shareholder of the Company.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 3. Related party relationships and transactions (cont'd)

## 3B. Related company transactions:

There are transactions and arrangements between the reporting entity and related parties and the effects of  these  on  the  basis  determined  between  the  parties  are  reflected  in  these  financial  statements.  The related party balances and transfer of resources, services or obligations if any are unsecured, without fixed repayment terms and interest or charge unless stated otherwise.

Intragroup transactions and balances that have been eliminated in these consolidated financial statements are not disclosed as related party transactions and balances below.

In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the notes to the financial statements, this item includes the following:

Material related party transactions:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Related companies  Sales of goods and services  410  830  Purchase of goods and services  (331)  (410)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3C. Key management compensation:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Salaries and other short-term employee benefits  1,573  1,590  Share-based payments expense  207  201  1,780  1,791   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above amounts are included under employee benefits expense. Included in the above are the following items:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Group:  Remuneration of the directors  550  456  Directors' fees  259  247  Share-based payments expense of the directors  87  104   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further information about the remuneration of individual directors is provided in the report on corporate governance.

Key management personnel include the directors and those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity, directly or indirectly.

The above amounts do not include compensation, if any, of certain key management personnel and directors of the Company who received compensation from related corporations in their capacity as directors and or executives of those related corporations.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 4. Financial information by operating segments

Disclosure of information about operating segments, products and services, the geographical areas, and the  major  customers are made as required by the financial reporting standard on operating segments. This disclosure standard has no impact on the reported financial performance or financial position of the reporting entity.

## 4A. Business segments

The Group is principally engaged in the business of marina operations. The assets, liabilities and capital expenditure of the Group are employed in this sole business segment.

## 4B. Geographical information

Segment revenue is based on the location of customers. Segment non-current assets and capital expenditure are based on the location of those assets.

| Singapore  Malaysia  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Revenue  37,633  31,559  499  323  38,132  31,882  Non-current  assets  61,316  66,210  -  10  61,316  66,220  Capital  expenditure  962  1,358  -  637  962  1,995   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4C. Information about major customer

There are no customers with revenue transactions of over 10% of the Group's revenue.

## 5. Revenue

A. Revenue classified by primary geographical market:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Primary geographical market  Singapore  37,633  31,559  Malaysia  499  323  38,132  31,882   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

B. Revenue classified by timing of revenue recognition:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Point in time  28,328  21,743  Over time  9,804  10,139  38,132  31,882   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. Other income

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Sponsorships  423  -  Bad debts recovered  82  80  Government grants  214  796  Interest income  542  163  Others  171  242  1,432  1,281   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 7. Employee benefits expense

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Wages, salaries and bonuses  10,015  9,036  Contributions to defined contribution plans  1,039  996  Other benefits  870  715  Share-based payments expense  207  201  12,131  10,948   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. Items in statement of comprehensive income

In addition to the profit or loss line items disclosed elsewhere in the notes to the financial statements, the statement of comprehensive income includes the following expenses:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Maintenance expenses  1,217  1,191  Professional fees and insurance fees  488  338  Interest expense on loans from non-controlling interests  252  224  Share-based payment expense  211  210  Fees paid/payables to the auditor of the Company  -  Audit fees to the independent auditor of the company  90  90  -  Audit fees to the other independent auditors - network firms  12  13  -  Non-audit related services (ARS) fees to the independent auditor of the  company  18  7  Foreign exchange loss, net  200  86  Expenses relating to short-term lease  53  44  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (16)  -  Property, plant and equipment written off  244  142  Allowance for impairment of property, plant and equipment (Note 12)  -  2,790   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. Income tax expense

## 9A. Components of tax expense recognised in statement of comprehensive income include:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Current tax expense:  Current tax expense  62  21  Under adjustments in respect of prior years  6  5  68  26  Deferred tax expense:  Deferred tax expense  1,088  1,497  1,088  1,497  1,156  1,523   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The income tax in profit or loss varied from the amount of income tax amount determined by applying the Singapore income tax rate of 17.0 % (2021: 17.0 %) to profit or loss before income tax as a result of the following differences:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Profit before income tax  8,102  4,502  Income tax expense at the above rate  1,377  765  Expenses not deductible for tax purposes  679  391  Income not subject to tax  (59)  (156)  Previously unrecognised deferred tax recognised in this year  (791)  -  Deferred tax assets not recognised  135  1,083  Under adjustments to tax in respect of prior periods  6  5  Effect of partial tax exemption and tax relief  (30)  (32)  Effect of different tax rates in different countries  (101)  (490)  Others  (60)  (43)  1,156  1,523   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9B. Deferred tax expense recognised in statement of comprehensive income includes:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Excess of book over tax depreciation on plant and equipment  (2,180)  (272)  Deferred membership income  3,219  1,820  Tax loss carryforwards  135  1,083  Unrecognised deferred tax assets  (135)  (1,083)  Others  49  (51)  1,088  1,497   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 9. Income tax expense (cont'd)

## 9C. Deferred tax balance in the statement of financial position:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Deferred tax liabilities:  Excess of net book value of plant and equipment over tax values  (7,816)  (9,996)  (7,816)  (9,996)  Deferred tax assets:  Deferred membership income  1,079  4,298  Tax loss carryforwards  1,727  1,592  Unrecognised deferred tax assets  (1,727)  (1,592)  Others  38  87  1,117  4,385  (6,699)  (5,611)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There are no income tax consequences of dividends to owner of the Company.

Included in unrecognised deferred tax assets are tax losses that will expire as follows:

| Unrecognised deferred tax assets:  Tax losses  Unrecognised deferred  tax assets  2022  2021  2022  2021  Expiring in year  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  2026  850  850  145  145  2027  1,146  1,146  195  195  2028  5,792  6,245  984  1,061  No expiry  2,371  1,124  403  191  10,159  9,365  1,727  1,592   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10. Dividends on equity shares

| Rate per share - cents  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Declared and paid during the financial year:  Final tax-exempt dividend  2  2  1,720  1,711  Interim tax-exempt dividend  -  10  -  8,598  Total dividends in the year  2  12  1,720  10,309   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The directors have proposed that a final dividend of 5 cents per share with a total of $4,303,000 be paid to shareholders after the annual general meeting. There are no income tax consequences on the reporting entity. This dividend is subject to approval by shareholders at the next annual general meeting and has not been included as a liability in these financial statements. The proposed dividend is payable in respect of all ordinary shares in issue at the end of the reporting year and including any new qualifying shares issued up to the date the dividend becomes payable.

## 11. Earnings per share

The following table illustrates the numerators and denominators used to calculate basic and diluted amount per share of no par value:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Basic EPS  Profit, attributable to owners of the parent, net of tax ($'000)  7,520  4,921  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic earnings per share  computation  86,002,614  85,681,735  Basic earnings per share (cents)  8.74  5.74  Diluted EPS  Profit, attributable to owners of the parent, net of tax ($'000)  7,520  4,921  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic earnings per share  computation  86,002,614  85,681,735  Add: Potential dilutive shares from share option scheme  107,806  298,412  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted earnings per share  computation  86,110,420  85,980,147  Diluted earnings per share (cents)  8.73  5.72   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average number of ordinary shares refers to shares in issue outstanding during the reporting period.

3,153,000 (2021: 2,260,000) share options granted to employees under the share option scheme have not been included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because they are anti-dilutive. There have been no other transactions involving ordinary shares or potential ordinary shares since the reporting date.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## Furniture Office and RightPontoons

Property, plant and equipment

| Group  Leasehold land $'000 Freehold land $'000 Building $'000 Renovations $'000 and fittings $'000 operating equipment $'000 of-use assets $'000 Motor vehicles $'000 and fixtures $'000 Computers $'000 Other equipment $'000 Construction in progress $'000 Total $'000  Cost:  At 1 January 2021  32,476  3,546  64,753  3,848  345  436  75  297  553  500  1,840  8,544  117,213  Additions  -  -  -  169  38  55  -  -  803  57  494  394  2,010  Written off  -  -  -  (266)  (1)  -  -  -  -  -  (1)  -  (268)  Reclassifications  -  -  -  (44)  2  -  -  -  6,532  -  3  (6,493)  -  Currency realignment  -  (45)  -  (6)  (3)  -  (1)  (1)  (3)  (2)  (34)  (26)  (121)  Transfer to held for sale  -  (3,501)  -  (159)  (265)  (8)  -  (17)  (331)  (184)  (1,008)  (206)  (5,679)  At 31 December 2021  32,476  -  64,753  3,542  116  483  74  279  7,554  371  1,294  2,213  113,155  Additions  -  -  -  32  75  318  88  124  35  65  225  -  962  Disposals  -  -  -  -  -  -  (99)  -  -  -  -  -  (99)  Written off  -  -  -  (1,151)  (12)  (218)  -  -  (3)  (18)  (224)  -  (1,626)  Currency realignment  -  -  -  -  -  -  25  -  -  -  -  -  25  At 31 December 2022  32,476  -  64,753  2,423  179  583  88  403  7,586  418  1,295  2,213  112,417  Accumulated  depreciation and  impairment loss:  At 1 January 2021  11,078  -  25,079  2,317  51  315  54  94  83  197  325  -  39,593  Depreciation for the year  1,524  -  2,616  415  68  48  34  36  485  94  358  -  5,678  Impairment loss  -  262  9  -  19  -  -  5  231  48  -  2,216  2,790  Written off  -  -  -  (124)  (1)  -  -  -  -  -  (1)  -  (126)  Currency realignment  -  -  -  -  -  -  (45)  -  -  -  17  (3)  (31)  Transfer to held for sale  -  (262)  -  (41)  (103)  (3)  -  (16)  (220)  (113)  (211)  -  (969)  At 31 December 2021  12,602  -  27,704  2,567  34  360  43  119  579  226  488  2,213  46,935  Depreciation for the year  1,530  -  2,849  259  21  63  24  41  552  46  227  -  5,612  Disposals  -  -  -  -  -  -  (90)  -  -  -  -  -  (90)  Written off  -  -  -  (998)  (12)  (215)  -  -  -  (19)  (138)  -  (1,382)  Currency realignment  -  -  -  -  -  -  26  -  -  -  -  -  26  At 31 December 2022  14,132  -  30,553  1,828  43  208  3  160  1,131  253  577  2,213  51,101  Carrying value:  At 1 January 2021  21,398  3,546  39,674  1,531  294  121  21  203  470  303  1,515  8,544  77,620  At 31 December 2021  19,874  -  37,049  975  82  123  31  160  6,975  145  806  -  66,220  At 31 December 2022  18,344  -  34,200  595  136  375  85  243  6,455  165  718  -  61,316   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

12.

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries

| Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Unquoted equity shares at cost  17,593  17,593  Long term advances to a subsidiary  9,871  9,871  Allowance for impairment  (6,824)  (6,563)  20,640  20,901  Movements in unquoted equity shares:  At the beginning of the year  17,415  17,593  Allowance for impairment  -  (178)  At the end of the year  17,415  17,415  Movements in long term advances to a subsidiary:  At the beginning of the year  3,486  23,569  Additions  -  1,302  Repayment  -  (15,000)  Allowance for impairment  (261)  (6,385)  At the end of the year  3,225  3,486   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The impairment allowance during the last financial year arose as a result of the intended closure of the membership program and the related divestment of assets relating to the Group's investment in Sarandra Malaysia Sdn Bhd and its subsidiaries. Refer to Note 19.

Long term advances to a subsidiary are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable at the discretion of the subsidiary, only when the cash flows of the subsidiary permit. These amounts relate to contributions from the Company, which form part of the Company's net investment in a subsidiary and are accounted for at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

The subsidiaries held by the Company are listed below:

| Name of subsidiaries, country of incorporation, place of  operations and principal activities  Cost of investment  Effective  percentage of  equity held  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  %  2021  %  Held by SUTL Enterprise Limited  SUTL Marina Development Pte. Ltd.  (1)  17,328  17,328  100  100  (Singapore)  Operating and maintaining a marina and its annexes ('One°15  Marina Club')  ONE15 Luxury Yachting Pte. Ltd.  (1)  87  87  100  100  (Singapore)  Yacht chartering  One15 Marina Holdings Pte. Ltd.  (1)  #  #  100  100  (Singapore)  Investment holding   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (cont'd)

| Name of subsidiaries, country of incorporation, place of  operations and principal activities  Cost of investment  Effective  percentage of  equity held  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  %  2021  %  Held by SUTL Enterprise Limited (cont'd)  ONE15 Management and Technical Services Pte. Ltd.  (1)  178  178  100  100  (Singapore)  Provision of business and management consultancy services  and provision of management and technical services for marina  activities  17,593  17,593  Name of subsidiaries, country of incorporation, place of operations and  principal activities  Effective  percentage of  equity held  2022  %  2021  %  Held through One15 Marina Holdings Pte. Ltd.  Sarandra Malaysia Sdn Bhd  (2)  60  60  (Malaysia)  Investment holding  SUTL Marina Holdings Sdn Bhd  (4)  -  100  (Malaysia)  Investment holding  One15 Events Management Pte. Ltd.  (1)  100  100  (Singapore)  Event and concert organiser  Held through Sarandra Malaysia Sdn Bhd  One15 Marina Development Bhd  (2)  60  60  (Malaysia)  Construct, develop and manage a marina, marina club, hotel, recreation centre and  other facilities  One15 Marina Management Sdn Bhd  (2)  60  60  (Malaysia)  Managing and developing marina club, and development of building projects for own  operation.  Held through One15 Events Management Pte. Ltd.  One15 Events Management (Haikou) Ltd  (3)  100  100  (People's Republic of China)  Marina, yachting and sports event planning and organising.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (cont'd)

- (1) Audited by RSM Chio Lim LLP .
- (2) Audited by a member of RSM International of which RSM Chio Lim LLP in Singapore is a member.
- (3) Non-material subsidiary that is not required to be audited under the laws of its country of incorporation.
- (4) This company has been struck off during the year.
5. # Amount is less than $1,000.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group has the following subsidiaries that have non-controlling interests (NCI) that are material to the Group:

| Name of subsidiary  Principal  place of  business  Proportion  of  ownership  interest  held by NCI  Loss  allocated to  NCI during the  reporting period  Other  comprehensive  income allocated  to NCI during the  reporting period  Accumulated  NCI at the end  of the reporting  period  $'000  $'000  $'000  31 December 2022:  Sarandra Malaysia  Sdn Bhd and its  subsidiaries  Malaysia  40%  (574)  187  (3,162)  31 December 2021:  Sarandra Malaysia  Sdn Bhd and its  subsidiaries  Malaysia  40%  (1,942)  12  (2,775)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Significant restrictions:

There was no significant restriction on the Group's ability to use or access assets and settle liabilities of subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests.

Summarised financial information including consolidation adjustments but before intercompany elimination of subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests are as follows:

## Summarised Statement of Financial Position:

| Sarandra Malaysia Sdn Bhd  and its subsidiaries  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Current assets  5,499  8,825  Current liabilities  (8,337)  (6,902)  Net current (liabilities)/assets  (2,838)  1,923  Non-current assets  -  9  Non-current liabilities  (5,155)  (8,880)  Net liabilities  (7,993)  (6,948)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (cont'd)

Summarised Statement of Comprehensive Income:

| Sarandra Malaysia Sdn Bhd  and its subsidiaries  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Revenue  589  336  Loss for the year  (1,440)  (4,854)  Other comprehensive income for the year  473  32  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (967)  (4,822)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other summarised information:

| Sarandra Malaysia Sdn Bhd  and its subsidiaries  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Net cash flows used in operations  (1,684)  (1,288)  Net cash flows generated from financing activities  110  2,453  Net cash flows used in investing activities  -  (637)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14. Inventories

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Food and beverage  129  131  Sundry stores and others  45  40  174  171  Inventories recognised as an expense in cost of sales  3,234  2,061   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15. Trade and other receivables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Trade receivables:  Trade receivables  3,099  2,970  -  -  Less: allowance for impairment  (804)  (425)  -  -  Net trade receivables - subtotal  2,295  2,545  -  -  Other receivables:  Other receivables  3,077  3,001  3,060  2,987  Less: allowance for impairment #a  (2,864)  (2,963)  (2,864)  (2,963)  Refundable deposits  121  227  1  1  Net other receivables - subtotal  334  265  197  25  Total trade and other receivables  2,629  2,810  197  25  Movements in the above allowance on trade  receivables:  At the beginning of the year  425  604  -  -  Allowance for the year  406  2  -  -  Write-off of allowance for doubtful debts  (5)  (219)  -  -  Currency realignment  (22)  38  -  -  At the end of the year  804  425  -  -  Movements in the above allowance on other  receivables:  At the beginning of the year  2,963  2,979  2,963  2,979  Written-back for the year  (82)  (81)  (82)  (81)  Currency realignment  (17)  65  (17)  65  At the end of the year  2,864  2,963  2,864  2,963   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

#a During the year ended 31 December 2014, in connection with the disposal of non-controlling interests in a subsidiary, the Company entered into a reassignment agreement with a subsidiary to reassign trade debts owing by a customer in the Philippines to the Company and reclassified the trade debts to Other Receivables. Accordingly, the allowance for doubtful receivables had also been reassigned to the Company.

The expected credit losses (ECL) on the trade receivables are based on the simplified approach to measuring ECL which uses a lifetime ECL allowance approach for all such assets recognised from initial recognition of these assets. These assets are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due for measuring the ECL including the impact of the current economic conditions. The allowance model is  based on the historical observed default rates (over a period of 36 months) over the expected life of the trade receivables and is adjusted for forward-looking estimates. At every reporting date the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 15. Trade and other receivables (cont'd)

The ageing of the assets are as follows:

| Gross amount  Loss allowance  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  Trade receivables:  Within due date  2,243  2,175  369  102  1 to 30 days past due  351  263  43  3  31 to 90 days past due  108  197  9  8  Over 90 days past due  397  335  383  312  3,099  2,970  804  425   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts are written off when there are indications that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery or the failure of a debtor to make contractual payments over an extended period.

There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as there are a large number of customers.

The other receivables shown above are also subject to the ECL allowance assessment under the financial reporting standard on financial instruments. The other receivables can be graded for credit risk individually. At inception they are recorded net of any expected 12 month expected credit losses. At the end of the reporting year a loss allowance is recognised if there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. For any significant increase or decrease in credit risk an adjustment is made to the loss allowance. The credit risk grade assessed is based on predictive nature of the risk of loss (such as the use of internal and external ratings, audited financial statements, management accounts and available published information about debtors that is available without undue cost or effort) and applying experienced credit judgement.

## 16. Other financial assets

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Balance is made up of:  Investments in debt assets instruments at FVTPL (Note 16A)  22,773  -  Investments in debt assets instruments at amortised cost  (Note 16D)  6,888  -  Total at end of the year  29,661  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 16. Other financial assets (cont'd)

## 16A.  Investments in debt assets instruments at FVTPL

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Movements in balances:  Fair value at beginning of the year  -  -  Additions  22,773  -  Fair value at end of year  22,773  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16B.  Fair value hierarchy of investments in debt assets instruments at FVTPL

| Group and Company  Level  2022  2021  $  $  Credit-linked notes  2  22,773  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The derivative instruments are valued based on broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency (Level 2).

There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

## 16C.  Sensitivity analysis for price risk of investments in debt assets instruments at FVTPL:

Certain financial instruments are exposed to both currency risk and price risk arising from uncertainties about future values of the financial instruments.  Sensitivity analysis: The effects are as follows:

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  A hypothetical 10% increase in the market index that relates to assets at  FVTPL would have an effect on fair value of  2,277  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For similar price decreases in the market index that relates to the above financial assets, there would be comparable impacts in the opposite direction.

## 16D.  Investments in debt assets instruments at amortised cost

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Movements in balances:  Amortised cost at beginning of the year  -  -  Additions  6,888  -  Amortised cost at end of year  6,888  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 16. Other financial assets (cont'd)

## 16E. Disclosures relating to investments in debt assets instruments at amortised cost:

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $  $  Quoted bonds in corporations with variable rates from 2.98% to 4.00% and  maturing between 21 February to 30 May 2023, Singapore  6,888  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

None of the financial assets measured at amortised cost were reclassified to financial assets at fair value during the reporting year. It approximates fair value (Level 1).

The above investment in debt assets instruments at amortised cost will mature within 12 months from the end of the reporting year.

## 16F. Credit rating of the debt assets instruments at amortised cost:

The debt assets instruments carried at amortised cost are subject to the expected credit loss model under the standard on financial instruments. The debt assets at amortised cost are considered to have low credit risk, and the loss allowance if any recognised during the reporting year is limited to 12 months expected losses. Listed debt assets are regarded as being of low credit risk if they have an investment grade credit rating with one or more reputable rating agencies. For the balances, the credit risk is graded individually. At the end of the reporting year, no loss allowance was recognised for the balances.

## 17. Amounts due from/(to) related companies

Amounts  due  from/(to)  related  companies  are  non-trade  in  nature,  unsecured,  non-interest  bearing, repayable on demand and are to be settled in cash.

## 18. Cash and cash equivalents

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Fixed deposits  13,874  6,476  13,874  6,476  Cash at bank and on hand  #a  11,868  40,223  2,943  28,059  25,742  46,699  16,817  34,535   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The interest earning balances are not significant.

#a Included in cash at bank and on hand is $51,000 (2021: $701,000) in respect of restricted bank deposits held for the marina development project relating to the Group's membership program in ONE°15 Marina Puteri Harbour, located in Malaysia.

There was purchase of certain assets under property, plant and equipment under not paid as at financial year end amounting to $Nil (2021: $15,000).

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 18. Cash and cash equivalents (cont'd)

## 18A. Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

| 2021  Cash flows  Non-cash  changes  2022  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Bank borrowing  1,390  (394)  39  1,035  Loans from non-controlling interests  5,224  -  (69)  5,155  2020  Cash flows  Non-cash  changes  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Bank borrowing  1,479  (113)  24  1,390  Loans from non-controlling interests  4,210  842  172  5,224   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Non-cash changes arose from accretion of interest and foreign exchange movements.

## 19. Non-current assets classified as held for sale

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Property, plant and equipment  4,423  4,710  Movements in balances:  Balance at beginning of the year  4,710  -  Transferred from property, plant and equipment (Note 12)  -  4,710  Foreign currency exchange differences  (287)  -  Balance at end of the year  4,423  4,710   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The property, plant and equipment was classified as held for sale as required by the financial reporting standard on Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations at the end of the prior reporting year.

During the current financial year, management has filed the deed of cessation of the membership program with the Companies Commission of Malaysia. Sarandra Malaysia Sdn Bhd and its subsidiaries ('Sarandra Group') is now in the process of selling the assets in ONE°15 Puteri Harbour Marina, Malaysia and winding down all operations in Malaysia. Management estimate that these will be completed in FY2023, and consider it appropriate to retain the classification of these assets as held for sale.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 20. Share capital

| Group  Number  of shares  issued  Share  capital  '000  $'000  Ordinary share of no par value  At the beginning of the year 1 January 2021 and end of the year 31 December  2021  86,998  47,034  Issuance of shares pursuant to the exercise of share options  75  38  At the end of the year 31 December 2022  87,073  47,072   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The ordinary shares of no par value are fully paid, carry one vote each and have no right to fixed income. The Company is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

| Company  Number  of shares  issued  Share  capital  '000  $'000  Ordinary share of no par value  At the beginning of the year 1 January 2021 and end of the year 31 December  2021  86,998  41,064  Issuance of shares pursuant to the exercise of share options  75  38  At the end of the year 31 December 2022  87,073  41,102   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Capital management:

The objectives when managing capital are: to safeguard the reporting entity's ability to continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for owners and benefits for other stakeholders, and to provide an adequate return to owners by pricing the sales commensurately with the level of risk. The management sets the amount of capital to meet its requirements and the risk taken. There were no changes in the approach to capital management during the reporting year. The management manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it where necessary or possible in the light of changes in conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the management may adjust the amount of dividends paid to owners, return capital to owners, issue new shares, or sell assets to reduce debt. Adjusted capital comprises all components of equity (that is, share capital and reserves).

In order to maintain its listing on the Singapore Stock Exchange, the Company has to have share capital with  a  free  float  of  at  least  10%  of  the  shares.  The  Company  met  the  capital  requirement  on  its  initial listing and the rules limiting treasury share purchases mean it will continue to satisfy that requirement, as it did throughout the reporting year. Management receives a report from the share registrars frequently on substantial share interests showing the non-free float to ensure continuing compliance with the 10% limit throughout the reporting year.

The management does not set a target level of gearing but uses capital opportunistically to support its business and to add value for shareholders. The key discipline adopted is to widen the margin between the return on capital employed and the cost of that capital.

## 20. Share capital (cont'd)

## 20A.   Treasury shares

Under the mandate approved at the previous annual general meeting, 122,000 treasury shares were acquired during the last reporting year on the Singapore Stock Exchange for a consideration of $64,891. No treasury shares were purchased during the year.

| Number of treasury shares  Carrying value  2022  2021  2022  2021  '000  '000  $'000  $'000  Group and Company  At the beginning of the year 1 January  1,022  900  495  431  Treasury shares purchased  -  122  -  64  At the end of the year 31 December  1,022  1,022  495  495   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21. Share Option Scheme

Under the Share Option Scheme 2011 ('SOS 2011'), the Company may grant options to employees of the Group and directors of the Company. The options granted are exercisable after the expiration of the first and second anniversaries of the date the options are granted. There are no cash settlement alternatives. These options do not entitle the holder to participate, by virtue of the options, in any share issue of any other corporation.

The SOS 2011 was extended for a period of ten years from 29 April 2022 up to and including 28 April 2031.

1,343,000 (2021: 1,335,000) options were granted in the financial year ended 31 December 2022. There were 3,665,500 (2021: 2,847,500) options outstanding at 31 December 2022.

The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the value of equity-settled share-based payments provided to employees, including key management personnel, as part of their remuneration.

The expense recognised in 2022 for share-based payment was $185,000 (2021: $210,000).

## Fair value of share options

The fair value of share options is estimated at grant date using Black-Scholes model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the share options were granted.

The following table states the inputs to the model used.

| 2022  2021  Tranche 1  Tranche 2  Tranche 1  Tranche 2  Expected volatility (%)  42.4  42.5  67.6  79.6  Risk-free interest rate (%)  2.54  2.57  0.87  0.93  Expected life of options (years)  4.7  5.2  4.7  5.2  Exercise price (S$)  0.48  0.48  0.500  0.500  Share price at date of grant (S$)  0.465  0.465  0.495  0.495   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average fair value of options granted was $0.15 (2021: $0.22).

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 22. Other reserves

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Foreign currency translation reserve (Note 22A)  319  33  -  -  Share-based payment reserve (Note 22B)  473  343  473  343  Capital reserves (Note 22C)  140  140  -  -  932  516  473  343   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22A. Foreign currency translation reserve

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  At the beginning of the year  33  13  Exchange differences on translating foreign operations  286  20  At the end of the year  319  33   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  represents  exchange  differences  arising  from  the  translation  of financial statements of foreign operations whose functional currencies are different from that of the Group's presentation currency.

## 22B.  Share-based payment reserve

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  At the beginning of the year  343  183  Exercise of share options  (9)  (50)  Expense recognised in profit or loss  185  210  Forfeited  (46)  -  At the end of the year  473  343   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Share-based  payment  reserve  represents  the  equity-settled  share  options  granted  to  directors  and employees (Note 21). The reserve is made up of the cumulative value of services received from employees recorded over the vesting period commencing from the grant date of equity-settled share options, and is reduced by the expiry of the share options to retained earnings.

## 22C.  Capital reserves

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  At the beginning and end of year  140  140   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Capital reserve represents the contribution of assets from non-controlling interests.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 23. Deferred membership income

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Non-current  39,600  43,936  Current  3,693  3,567  43,293  47,503  Movement in deferred membership income:  At the beginning of the year  47,503  51,667  Addition during the year  570  112  Cancellation during the year  (903)  -  Recognised in the statement of comprehensive income  (3,877)  (4,276)  At the end of the year  43,293  47,503  The aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance  obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) as of the end of the  reporting year:  Expected to be recognised within 1 year  3,693  3,575  Expected to be recognised after 1 year but before 2 years  3,597  3,575  Expected to be recognised after 2 years  36,003  40,353  At the end of the year  43,293  47,503   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The deferred membership income relates to the entrance fee consideration received at the inception of membership program from customers for which some of the performance obligations were not fulfilled, and therefore no revenue is recognised in respect of these unfulfilled performance obligations. The Company recognises revenue from the deferred membership income on a straight-line basis over the membership tenure period for which the entrance fee is paid. In the event of cancellation before the end of the membership tenure period, the remaining entrance fee in deferred membership income will be recognised in full in the year of cancellation of membership. The above expected revenue to be recognised does not include the expected cancellation of membership.

## 24. Loans from non-controlling interests

The loans from non-controlling  interests  are  unsecured,  non-trade  in  nature,  bear  interest  of  5.5%  per annum (2021: 5.5% per annum) and repayable on demand.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 25. Bank borrowings

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Non-current:  Loan with floating interest rates:  Bank loan A (secured)  674  1,029  674  1,029  Current:  Loan with floating interest rates:  Bank loan A (secured)  361  361  361  361  1,035  1,390  The non-current portion is repayable as follows:  Due within 2 to 5 years  674  1,029  2022  %  2021  %  The range of floating interest rates paid were as follows:  Bank loan A (secured)  2.0 to 5.7  1.7 to 1.8   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The bank loan is secured by corporate guarantees from the Company and the holding company, and is repayable by monthly instalments over the period of 48 months from 9 September 2022.

The bank loan has been fully repaid on 9 February 2023.

## 26. Trade and other payables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Trade payables:  Outside parties  852  526  -  -  Deposits  2,560  2,263  -  -  Accrued operating expenses  1,935  1,157  296  304  Accrued staff costs  1,730  1,367  -  -  Advances from customers  505  491  -  -  Deferred revenue  1,355  1,432  -  -  GST/SST payables  532  421  -  -  9,469  7,657  296  304  Other payables:  Outside parties  1,035  1,966  92  -  Lease liabilities  81  34  -  -  1,116  2,000  92  -  10,585  9,657  388  304   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred revenue and advances from customers relate to unsatisfied performance obligations, and are expected to be recognised as revenue within 1 year (2021: 1 year) from the end of the reporting period.

## 27. Loan from a subsidiary

The loan from a subsidiary is non-trade in nature, unsecured, non-interest bearing, repayable on demand and is to be settled in cash.

## 28. Commitments and contingencies

## Service commitments

The Group has entered into commercial contracts for the provision of services. These contracts have an average tenure of between one and five years with renewal options included in the contracts. There are no restrictions placed upon the Group by entering into these commercial contracts. Minimum payments recognised  as  an  expense  in  the  statement  of  comprehensive  income  for  the  financial  year  ended  31 December 2022 amounted to $885,000 (2021: $648,000).

Future minimum payments payable under non-cancellable commercial contracts at the end of reporting period are as follow:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Due within one year  772  488  Due within 2 to 5 years  459  122  1,231  610   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contingent liabilities

| Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Bankers' guarantee in favour of a subsidiary  1,035  1,390   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 29. Financial instruments: information on financial risks

## 29A. Categories of financial assets and liabilities

The following table categorises the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at the end of the reporting year:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Financial assets  Trade and other receivables  2,629  2,810  197  25  Amounts due from related companies  -  102  230  80  Investments in debt assets instruments at  FVTPL  22,773  -  22,773  -  Investments in debt assets instruments at  amortised cost  6,888  -  6,888  -  Cash and cash equivalents  25,742  46,699  16,817  34,535  58,032  49,611  46,905  34,640  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables (excluding advances  from customers and deferred revenue)  8,725  7,734  388  304  Amounts due to related companies  -  25  5  -  Loan from a subsidiary  -  -  20,500  6,450  Loan from non-controlling interests  5,155  5,224  -  -  Bank borrowing  1,035  1,390  -  -  14,915  14,373  20,893  6,754   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further quantitative disclosures are included throughout these financial statements.

## 29B.  Financial risk management

The main purpose for holding or issuing  financial  instruments  is  to  raise  and  manage  the  finances  for the entity's operating, investing and financing activities. There are exposures to the financial risks on the financial instruments such as credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk comprising interest rate, currency risk and price risk exposures. Management has certain practices for the management of financial risks. The guidelines set up the short and long term objectives and action to be taken in order to manage the financial risks. The guidelines include the following:

1. Minimise interest rate, currency, credit and market risks for all kinds of transactions.
2. Maximise the use of 'natural hedge': favouring as much as possible the natural off-setting of sales and costs and payables and receivables denominated in the same currency and therefore put in place hedging strategies only for the excess balance (if necessary). The same strategy is pursued with regard to interest rate risk.
3. All financial risk management activities are carried out and monitored by senior staff.
4. All financial risk management activities are carried out following acceptable market practices.

There have been no changes to the exposures to risk; the objectives, policies and processes for managing the risk and the methods used to measure the risk.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 29. Financial instruments: information on financial risks (cont'd)

## 29C.  Fair values of financial instruments

The  analyses  of  financial  instruments  that  are  measured  subsequent  to  initial  recognition  at  fair  value, grouped into Levels 1 to 3 are disclosed in the relevant notes to the financial statements. These include the significant financial instruments stated at amortised cost and at fair value in the statement of financial position. The carrying values of current financial instruments approximate their fair values due to the shortterm maturity of these instruments and the disclosures of fair value are not made when the carrying amount of current financial instruments is a reasonable approximation of the fair value.

## 29D.  Credit risk on financial assets

Financial assets are principally from cash balances with banks, cash equivalents, receivables and other financial assets at amortised cost. They are potentially subject to credit risk due to failures by counterparties to discharge their obligations in full or in a timely manner. The maximum exposure to credit risk is the total of the fair value of the financial assets at the end of the reporting year. Credit risk on cash balances and any other financial instruments with banks and other financial institutions is limited because the counterparties are entities with acceptable credit ratings.  For expected credit losses (ECL) on financial assets, the general approach (three-stage approach) in the financial reporting standard on financial instruments is applied to measure the ECL allowance.  Under this general approach the financial assets move through the three stages as their credit quality change. On initial recognition, a day-1 loss is recorded equal to the 12 month ECL unless the assets are considered credit impaired. However, for trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the reporting entity applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the reporting entity applies the simplified approach in calculating ECL as is permitted by the financial reporting standard on financial instruments. Under the simplified approach, the reporting entity does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises the loss  allowance  at  an  amount  equal  to  lifetime  ECL  at  initial  recognition  and  throughout  its  life  at  each reporting date. For the credit risk on the financial assets an ongoing credit evaluation is performed on the financial condition of the debtors and any loss is recognised in profit or loss.  Reviews and assessments of credit exposures in excess of designated limits are made. Renewals and reviews of credits limits are subject to the same review process.

Note 18 discloses the cash and cash equivalents balances. Cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of the standard on financial instruments. There was no identified impairment loss.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 29. Financial instruments: information on financial risks (cont'd)

## 29E. Liquidity risk - financial liabilities maturity analysis

The  following  table  analyses  the  non-derivative  financial  liabilities  by  remaining  contractual  maturity (contractual undiscounted cash flows):

| Group  Less than  1 year  2 - 5 years  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  Non-derivative financial liabilities:  2022:  Trade and other payables  8,725  -  8,725  Loan from non-controlling interests  5,155  -  5,155  Bank borrowing  361  674  1,035  14,241  674  14,915  2021:  Trade and other payables  7,734  -  7,734  Amounts due to related companies  25  -  25  Loan from non-controlling interests  5,224  -  5,224  Bank borrowing  361  1,029  1,390  13,344  1,029  14,373  Company  Less than  1 year  2 - 5 years  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  Non-derivative financial liabilities:  2022:  Trade and other payables  388  -  388  Amounts due to related companies  5  -  5  Loan from a subsidiary  20,500  -  20,500  20,893  -  20,893  2021:  Trade payables  304  -  304  Loan from a subsidiary  6,450  -  6,450  6,754  -  6,754   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The undiscounted amounts on the borrowings with fixed and floating interest rates  are  determined  by reference to the conditions existing at the reporting date.

The liquidity risk refers to the difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. It is expected that all the liabilities will be settled at their contractual maturity. The average credit period taken to settle trade payables is about 90 days (2021: 90 days). The classification of the financial assets is shown in the statement of financial position as they may be available to meet liquidity needs and no further analysis is deemed necessary.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 29. Financial instruments: information on financial risks (cont'd)

## 29E. Liquidity risk - financial liabilities maturity analysis (cont'd)

Financial  guarantee  contracts  -  For  issued  financial  guarantee  contracts,  the  maximum  amount  of  the guarantee is allocated to the earliest period in which the guarantee could be called. At the end of the reporting year, no claims on the financial guarantees are expected to be payable. The following table shows the maturity analysis of the contingent liabilities from financial guarantees.

| Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Financial guarantee contracts  Bank guarantee in favour of a subsidiary  1,035  1,390  Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Bank facilities  Undrawn borrowing facilities  4,521  4,521   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A schedule showing the maturity of financial liabilities and unused bank facilities is provided regularly to management to assist in monitoring the liquidity risk. The fair value of the bank guarantee is not significant.

## 29F. Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk arises on interest-bearing financial instruments recognised in the statement of financial position and on some financial instruments not recognised in the statement of financial position. The interest from financial assets including cash balances is not significant.

## 29G.  Foreign currency risk

Foreign exchange risk arises on financial instruments that are denominated in a foreign currency that is a currency other than the functional currency in which they are measured. Currency risk does not arise from financial instruments that are non-monetary items or from financial instruments denominated in the functional currency as defined in the financial reporting standard on financial instruments: disclosures.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 29. Financial instruments: information on financial risks (cont'd)

## 29G.  Foreign currency risk (cont'd)

Analysis of amounts denominated in non-functional currency:

| Group  US  Dollars  $'000  2022  Financial assets:  Cash and cash equivalents  1,055  Trade and other receivables  151  Net financial assets at the end of the year  1,206  2021  Financial assets:  Cash and cash equivalents  611  Trade and other receivables  107  Net financial assets at the end of the year  718   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Sensitivity analysis: The effect on pre-tax provide the table below:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  A hypothetical 10% strengthening in the exchange rate of the functional  currency $ against the US$ with all other variables held constant would  have an adverse effect on pre-tax profit of  (121)  (72)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  above  table  shows  sensitivity  to  the  hypothetical  percentage  variations  in  the  functional  currency against the relevant non-functional foreign currencies. The sensitivity rate used is the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. For similar rate weakening of the functional currency against the relevant foreign currencies above, there would be comparable impacts in the opposite direction.

In management's opinion, the above sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the foreign currency risks as the historical exposure does not reflect the exposure in future.

## Notes to the FiNaNcial statemeNts

Year Ended 31 December 2022

## 30. Changes and adoption of financial reporting standards

For the current reporting year new or revised financial reporting standards were issued by the Singapore Accounting Standards Council. Those applicable to the reporting entity are listed below. Those applicable new or revised standards did not require any significant modification of the measurement methods or the presentation in the financial statements.

| SFRS (I) No.  Title  SFRS (I) 1-16  Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use - Amendments to  SFRS (I) 1-37  Onerous Contracts - Costs of Fulfilling a Contract - Amendments to  Various  Annual Improvements to SFRS(I)s 2018-2021   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31. New or amended standards in issue but not yet effective

For  the  future  reporting  years  certain  new  or  revised  financial  reporting  standards  were  issued  by  the Singapore Accounting Standards Council and these will only be effective for future reporting years. Those applicable to the reporting entity for future reporting years are listed below. The transfer to the applicable new or revised standards from the effective dates is not expected to result in any significant modification of the measurement methods or the presentation in the financial statements for the following year from the known or reasonably estimable information relevant to assessing the possible impact that application of the new or revised standards may have on the entity's financial statements in the period of initial application.

| SFRS (I) No.  Title  Effective date for  periods beginning  on or after  SFRS (I) 1-1  Disclosure of Accounting Policies - Amendments to SFRS (I) 1-1 and  SFRS (I) Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements  1 January 2023  SFRS (I) 1-8  Definition of Accounting Estimates - Amendments to  1 January 2023   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## StatiSticS of ShareholdingS

As at 31 March 2023

Class of shares :

Ordinary shares

Voting rights :

One vote per ordinary share

Number of treasure shares :

1,022,200 (1.17%)

Number of subsidary holdings :

Nil (0%)

(as defined in the SGX-ST Listing Manual)

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS

| SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS  NO. OF  SHAREHOLDERS  %  NO. OF SHARES  %  1  -  99  11  0.41  451  0.00  100  -  1,000  1,149  42.97  546,356  0.64  1,001  -  10,000  1,174  43.90  5,226,480  6.07  10,001  -  1,000,000  332  12.42  19,063,127  22.15  1,000,001 AND ABOVE  8  0.30  61,214,488  71.14  TOTAL  2,674  100.00  86,050,902  100.00   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS

| NO.  NAME  NO. OF SHARES  %  1  SUTL GLOBAL PTE LTD  47,389,942  55.07  2  PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD  3,474,175  4.04  3  CGS-CIMB SECURITIES (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.  3,304,909  3.84  4  DBS NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED  2,512,341  2.92  5  GOH GUAN SIONG (WU YUANXIANG)  1,249,100  1.45  6  LEW WING KIT  1,129,200  1.31  7  HONG LEONG FINANCE NOMINEES PTE LTD  1,096,000  1.27  8  OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LIMITED  1,058,821  1.23  9  RAFFLES NOMINEES (PTE.) LIMITED  910,100  1.06  10  OCBC NOMINEES SINGAPORE PRIVATE LIMITED  845,400  0.98  11  CITIBANK NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  738,000  0.86  12  ABN AMRO CLEARING BANK N.V.  620,400  0.72  13  MAYBANK SECURITIES PTE. LTD.  572,600  0.67  14  CHAI CHEE KENG  555,000  0.64  15  KGI SECURITIES (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.  463,000  0.54  16  LO JU JIE  458,981  0.53  17  YU MAN-LI  418,000  0.49  18  RUSLI HARRY  404,600  0.47  19  UNITED OVERSEAS BANK NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED  381,300  0.44  20  YEO WEI HUANG  325,000  0.38  TOTAL  67,906,869  78.91   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

| Beneficial interest  Deemed interest  No  Name  No. of shares  %  No. of shares  %  1.  SUTL Global Pte. Ltd.  47,389,942  55.07  -  -  2.  Tay Teng Guan Arthur  125,000  0.15  47,389,942  55.07   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The deemed interest of Tay Teng Guan Arthur arises by virtue of his direct interest of approximately 51% in the issued and paid up capital of SUTL Global Pte. Ltd

## PERCENTAGE OF SHAREHOLDING IN PUBLIC HANDS

44.78% of the total number of issued ordinary shares caoital of the Company is held by the public. Accordingly the Company has complied with Rule 723 if the Listing Manual of SGX-ST.

## StatiSticS of ShareholdingS

As at 31 March 2023

## Notice of ANNuAl GeNerAl MeetiNG

(Company No: 199307251M) (Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

Notice is hereby given that the Twenty-Ninth Annual General Meeting of SUTL Enterprise Limited will be held at Constellation 1, ONEº15 Marina Sentosa Cove, #01-01, 11 Cove Drive, Sentosa Cove, Singapore 098497 on Thursday, 20 April 2023 at 3.00 p.m. for the following business:

## ORDINARY BUSINESS

1. To receive and adopt the Directors' Statement and Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and the Auditors' Report thereon.

(Resolution 1)

2. To declare a final 1-tier tax exempt dividend at 5 cents per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2022.

(Resolution 2)

3. To  approve  the  payment  of  Directors'  Fees  of  S$258,825  for  the  year  ended  31  December 2022.

(Resolution 3)

4. To re-elect Mr. Chan Kum Tao as Director retiring under Article 104 of the Articles of Association of the Company.

(Resolution 4)

5. To re-elect Mr. Yeo Wee Kiong as Director retiring under Article 104 of the Articles of Association of the Company.

(Resolution 5)

6. To  re-appoint  Messrs  RSM  Chio  Lim  LLP  as  the  Auditors  of  the  Company  to  hold  office  until  the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration. (Resolution 6)

## SPECIAL BUSINESS

7. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following Resolutions with or without any modification as Ordinary Resolutions:
2. (a) 'That pursuant to and subject to Section 161 of the Companies Act 1967 and the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST'), authority be and is hereby given to  the  Directors  of  the  Company ('Directors') to issue shares in the capital of the Company and convertible securities that might or would require new shares in the capital of the Company to be issued including but not limited to the creation and issue of (as well as adjustments to) warrants, debentures  or  other  instruments  convertible  into  shares  (whether  by  way  of  rights,  bonus  or otherwise or in pursuance of any offer, agreement or option made or granted by the Directors during the continuance of this authority which would or might require shares or convertible securities to be issued during the continuance of this authority or thereafter) at any time to such persons and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes as the Directors may in their absolute discretion deem fit (notwithstanding that such issue of shares pursuant to the offer, agreement or option or the conversion of the convertible securities may occur after the expiration of the authority contained in this Resolution), provided that the aggregate number of shares and convertible securities to be issued pursuant to this Resolution shall not exceed fifty per cent. (50%) of the total number of issued shares of the Company excluding any treasury shares and subsidiary holdings ('Issued Shares'), and provided further that where shareholders of the Company with registered addresses in Singapore are not given an opportunity to participate in the same on a pro-rata basis, then the aggregate number of

## Notice of ANNuAl GeNerAl MeetiNG

(Company No: 199307251M) (Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

shares and convertible securities to be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to all shareholders of the Company shall not exceed twenty per cent. (20%) of the Issued Shares, and for the purpose of this Resolution, the percentage of Issued Shares shall be based on the Company's issued share capital at the time this Resolution is passed (after adjusting for (a) new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of convertible securities; (b) new shares arising from exercising share options or vesting of share awards, provided the options or awards were granted in compliance with the Listing Manual of  the  SGX-ST; and (c) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of shares, and provided that in respect of (a) and (b) above adjustments are only to be made in respect of new shares arising from convertible securities, share options or share awards which were issued and outstanding or subsisting at the time of the passing of this Resolution), and unless revoked or varied by ordinary shareholders of the Company in general meeting, such authority shall continue in force until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company or the date by which the next Annual General Meeting is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier, and in this Resolution, 'subsidiary holdings' has the meaning given to it in the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST.'

## (Resolution 7)

- (b) 'That authority be and is hereby given to the Directors to offer and grant options in accordance with the provisions of the Share Option Scheme 2011 (the 'Option Scheme') approved by Shareholders in general meeting on 29 April 2011 and extended at the Company's annual general meeting held on 28 April 2021, as may be amended from time to time, and pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act 1967 to allot and issue from time to time such number of shares in the Company as may be required to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the options under the Option Scheme (notwithstanding that such allotment and issue may occur after the conclusion of the next or any ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company), provided always that the aggregate number of shares to be issued pursuant to the Option Scheme, when added to (a) the aggregate number of shares issued or issuable in respect of any other share based schemes of the Company (if any) and (b) the number of treasury shares delivered in respect of the options granted under all the other share-based incentive schemes of the Company (if any), shall not exceed fifteen per cent. (15%) of the issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) of the Company, and in this Resolution, 'subsidiary holdings' has the meaning given to it in the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST.

## (Resolution 8)

- (c) 'That the Directors be and are hereby authorised to make purchases (whether by way of market purchases or off-market purchases on an equal access scheme) from time to time of ordinary shares representing up to ten per cent. (10%) of the total number of issued ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (excluding any ordinary shares held as treasury shares or which comprise subsidiary holdings) as at the date of this Resolution, unless the Company has effected a reduction of the share capital of the Company in which event the number of issued ordinary shares of the Company shall be taken to be the number of the issued ordinary shares of the Company as altered (excluding any ordinary shares held as treasury shares or which comprise subsidiary holdings), at the price of up to but not exceeding the Maximum Price (as defined in the Company's Addendum to Shareholders dated 5 April 2023 (being an addendum to this Notice of AGM) (the 'Addendum')), in accordance with the 'Guidelines on Share Purchases' set out in Appendix A thereof on pages 22 to 25 of the Addendum, and this mandate shall commence from the date of passing of this Resolution and expire at the earliest of (a) the date on which the next Annual General Meeting of the Company is or is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier; (b) the date on which the purchases or acquisitions of shares pursuant to the Share Purchase Mandate are carried out to the full extent authorised under the Share Purchase Mandate; or (c) the effective date on which the authority conferred in the Share Purchase Mandate is varied (as to the duration of the Share Purchase Mandate) or revoked by the Shareholders in general meeting, and in this Resolution, 'subsidiary holdings' has the meaning given to it in the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST.'

(Resolution 9)

## Notice of ANNuAl GeNerAl MeetiNG

(Company No: 199307251M)

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

- (d) 'That:
- (i) the  proposed  grant  of  Options  to  Mr.  Tay  Teng  Hock,  a  Non-Executive  Director  and  an Associate of a Controlling Shareholder of the Company, pursuant to and in accordance with the rules of the Option Scheme, be and is hereby approved, and the Directors and each of them be and are hereby authorised to allot and issue from time to time Shares upon the exercise of such Options:
- (1) Date of Grant: Any time within one (1) month from the date of the Twenty-Ninth AGM;
- (2) Number  of  Shares:  100,000  Shares  (comprising  approximately  0.12  %  of  the  total number of issued Shares and approximately 1.01% of the aggregate number of Shares available under the Option Scheme);
- (3) Exercise Price per Share: Market Price (To give an indication, the Market Price of the Shares on the Latest Practicable Date is S$0.545;
- (4) Vesting Period: Fifty per cent. (50%) of the Shares comprised in the Options will vest on the first anniversary of the Date of Grant, and the balance of the Shares comprised in the Options will vest on the second anniversary of the Date of Grant; and
- (5) Exercise  Period:  The  Options  in  respect  of:  (i)  Fifty  per  cent.  (50%)  of  the  Shares comprised in the Options will be exercisable after the first anniversary of the Date of Grant; and (ii) the balance of the Shares comprised in the Options will be exercisable after the second anniversary of the Date of Grant, provided always that the Options shall be exercised before the fifth (5 th ) anniversary of the Date of Grant; and
- (ii) the  Directors  of  the  Company  and  each  of  them  be  and  are  hereby  authorised  and empowered to do all such acts and things (including executing all such documents as may be required as they or he may consider expedient or necessary or in the interests of the Company to give effect to this Resolution, and in this Resolution, 'Associate', 'Controlling Shareholder', 'Shares', 'Options', 'Date of Grant', 'Exercise Price', 'Exercise Period', 'Twenty-Ninth AGM', 'Latest Practicable Date', and 'Market Price' shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Addendum.'

(Resolution 10)

8. Any other ordinary business, which may be transacted at an Annual General Meeting.

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD

Adrian Chan Pengee Company Secretary 5 April 2023

## NOTES:

1. The Twenty-Ninth Annual General Meeting of the Company ('AGM') will be held, in a wholly physical format, at Constellation 1, ONEº15 Marina Sentosa Cove, #01-01, 11 Cove Drive, Sentosa Cove, Singapore 098497, The Company may implement such COVID-19 safe management measures at the AGM as may be required or recommended under any regulations, directives, measures or guidelines that may be issued from time to time by any government or regulatory agency in light of the COVID-19 situation in Singapore. Shareholders should check the Company's website at the URL https://www.sutlenterprise.com or SGXNET for the latest updates.
2. Printed copies of the Company's annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, addendum to shareholders of the Company ('Shareholders') dated 5 April 2023 (being an addendum to the Notice of AGM), Notice of AGM and proxy form will be sent by post to shareholders. Documents relating to the business of the AGM, which comprise the Company's annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, Notice of AGM, the addendum to Shareholders dated 5 April 2023, and proxy form will also be published on SGXNET and the Company's website at https://www.sutlenterprise.com.
3. Arrangements relating to attendance at the Annual General Meeting by shareholders, including Central Provident Fund ('CPF') or Supplementary Retirement Scheme ('SRS') investors (' CPF/SRS investors '),  submission of questions by shareholders, including CPF/SRS investors, in advance of, or at, the Annual General Meeting, addressing of substantial and relevant questions in advance of, or at, the Annual General Meeting, and voting at the Annual General Meeting by shareholders, including CPF/SRS investors, or (where applicable) duly appointed proxy(ies), are set out in the accompanying Company's announcement dated 5 April 2023.This announcement may be accessed at the Company's website at the URL https://www.sutlenterprise.com and SGXNET.

The proxy form may be accessed at the Company's website at https://www.sutlenterprise.com or the SGXNET.

4. The proxy form is not valid for use by Investors (including CPF/SRS investors) and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them. An Investor who wishes to vote should instead approach his/its relevant intermediary as soon as possible to specify his/its voting instructions. A CPF/SRS investor who wishes to vote should approach his/her CPF Agent Bank or SRS Operator by 3.00 p.m. on 11 April 2023, being not less than 7 working days before the date of the AGM to submit his/her voting instructions.
5. If the member is a corporation, the instrument appointing the Chairman as proxy must be under seal or the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised.
6. The proxy form must be submitted to the Company in the following manner:
4. (i) if submitted by post, be deposited at the registered office of the Company at #05-00, 100J Pasir Panjang Road, SUTL House, Singapore 118525; or
5. (ii) if submitted through electronic means, be submitted via an email enclosing a signed PDF copy of the proxy form to the Company at investor\_relations@sutl.com,

in either case, by no later than 3:00 p.m. on 18 April 2023 (being at least forty-eight (48) hours before the time fixed for holding the AGM).

A member who wishes to submit the proxy form must first download, complete and sign the proxy form, before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or before scanning and sending it by email to the email address provided above.

7. Where a member (whether individual or corporate) appoints the Chairman as his/its proxy, he/it must give specific instructions in the relevant proxy form as to voting, or abstentions from voting, in respect of a resolution, failing which the appointment of the Chairman as proxy for that resolution will be treated as invalid. The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing the Chairman as proxy if it is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified on this instrument appointing the Chairman as proxy.
8. In the case of members whose shares are deposited with The Central Depository (Pte) Limited ('CDP'), the Company may reject any instrument appointing the Chairman as proxy lodged if such members are not shown to have shares entered against their names in the Depository Register seventy-two (72) hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting as certified by CDP to the Company.
9. In advance of the AGM, shareholders, including CPF/SRS investors, may submit matters and questions relating to the business of the AGM, by 3.00 p.m. on 13 April 2023:
4. (i) by email to investor\_relations@sutl.com; or
5. (ii) by post to the Company's Share Registrar, Boardroom Corporate &amp; Advisory Services Pte Ltd, at 1 Harbourfront Avenue Keppel Bay Tower #14-07 Singapore 098632.

When submitting questions via email or by post, the shareholder would also need to provide the following details:

- full	name	(as	per	CDP ,	CPF ,	SRS	and/or	scrip-based	records);
- address;	and
- the	manner	in	which	the	shareholder	holds	shares	in	the	Company	(e.g.,	via	CDP ,	CPF ,	SRS	and/or	scrip).

## Notice of ANNuAl GeNerAl MeetiNG

(Company No: 199307251M) (Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

## Notice of ANNuAl GeNerAl MeetiNG

(Company No: 199307251M) (Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

10. The Company will respond to substantial and relevant questions which are received in the manner and by the time and date set out in Note 9 above, and the Company will publish its response on SGXNET and the Company's website at https://www. sutlenterprise.com prior to the AGM.
11. In addition, at the AGM itself, shareholders, including CPF/SRS investors, and (where applicable) duly appointed proxies, may raise matters and questions relating to the business of the AGM.

## EXPLANATORY NOTES:

## Resolution 3

Resolution 3 above is to seek approval for the payment of S$258,825 as Directors' Fees to the Independent Directors as well as the other Directors on the board for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. The Directors' Fees for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 was S$246,500 for the Independent Directors as well as the other Directors on the board.

## Resolution 4

Mr. Chan Kum Tao, if re-elected, will remain a Non-Executive of the Company. Please refer to pages 8, 33, 34 and 35 of the Company's Annual Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 for more information.

## Resolution 5

Mr. Yeo Wee Kiong, if re-elected, will remain a Independent Director of the Company. Please refer to pages 8, 34 and 35 of the Company's Annual Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 for more information.

## Resolution 7

Resolution 7 above, if passed, empowers the Directors, from the date of the above Meeting until the next Annual General Meeting, to allot and issue shares and convertible securities of the Company, without seeking any further approval from Shareholders in general meeting but within the limitation imposed by the Resolution.

## Resolution 8

Resolution 8 above, if passed, empowers the Directors to offer and grant options and to issue shares in connection with the Option Scheme. This authority will, unless previously revoked or varied at a general meeting, expire at the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company or the expiration of the period within which the next Annual General Meeting is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier. This authority is in addition to the general authority to issue shares sought under Resolution 7.

## Resolution 9

Resolution 9 above, if passed, empowers the Directors of the Company to make purchases (whether by way of market purchases or off-market purchases on an equal access scheme) from time to time of up to ten per cent. (10%) of the total number of issued ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (excluding any ordinary shares held as treasury shares or which comprise subsidiary holdings) as at the date of the Resolution, unless the Company has effected a reduction of the share capital of the Company in which event the issued ordinary shares of the Company shall be taken to be the number of the issued ordinary shares of the Company as altered (excluding any ordinary shares held as treasury shares or which comprise subsidiary holdings), at a price up to but not exceeding the Maximum Price (as defined in the Addendum) (the 'Share Purchase Mandate').

Please refer to the Addendum for the rationale for the Share Purchase Mandate, the source of funds to be used for the Share Purchase Mandate  (including  the  amount  of  financing),  the  impact  of  the  Share  Purchase  Mandate  on  the  Company's  financial  position,  the implications arising as a result of the Share Purchase Mandate under the Singapore Code on Take-overs and Mergers and on the listing of the Company's Shares on the SGX-ST, the number of Shares purchased by the Company in the previous twelve (12) months, as well as whether the Shares purchased by the Company will be cancelled or kept as treasury shares.

## Resolution 10

Resolution  10,  if  passed,  will  approve  the  grant  of  Options  to  Mr.  Tay  Teng  Hock,  a  Non-Executive  Director  and  an  Associate  of  a Controlling Shareholder of the Company, on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Resolution and the Addendum.

Please refer to the Addendum for the rationale for the grant of Options to Mr. Tay Teng Hock.

Please refer to the section titled 'Abstention from Voting' below for details on the Shareholders who are required to abstain from voting on this Resolution 10.

## Abstention from Voting

Shareholders who are eligible to participate in the Option Scheme shall abstain from voting at the Twenty-Ninth AGM in respect of Resolutions  8  and  10.  Save  for  the  Chairman,  they  shall  also  decline  to  accept  appointment  as  proxy  for  Shareholders  to  vote  on Resolutions 8 and 10. For the Twenty-Ninth AGM, the Chairman will accept appointment as proxy for Shareholders to vote in respect of Resolutions 8 and 10, provided that the Shareholder concerned has given specific instructions in the relevant proxy form as to voting, or abstentions from voting, in respect of such Resolutions.

The Controlling Shareholder, Mr. Tay Teng Guan, Arthur, and his Associate, Mr. Tay Teng Hock, and their associates (including SUTL Global Pte. Ltd.), will abstain from voting at the Twenty-Ninth AGM in respect of Resolutions 8 and 10. Mr. Tay Teng Hock is proposed to receive Options under the Option Scheme.

The Directors are all eligible to participate in, and are therefore interested in the Option Scheme. As such, the Directors shall also abstain from voting at the Twenty-Ninth AGM in respect of Resolutions 8 and 10.

The Company will disregard any votes cast by the abovementioned Shareholders and Directors in respect of Resolutions 8 and 10.

Please refer to the Addendum for more details.

## Personal data privacy:

By (a) submitting the proxy form appointing the Chairman to vote at the Annual General Meeting and/or any adjournment thereof, or (b) submitting any matter or question relating to the business of the AGM in accordance with this Notice of AGM, a member of the Company: (i)  consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member's personal data by the Company (or its agents or service providers) for the following purposes: (1) processing, administration and analysis by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of proxies and corporate representatives appointed for the AGM (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof); (2) processing of the registration for the purpose of granting access to members (or their corporate representatives in the case of members which are legal entities) to the Live Webcast or Live Audio Stream to observe the proceedings of the AGM of the Company and providing them with any technical assistance where necessary; (3) addressing substantial and relevant questions from members received before the AGM of the Company and, if necessary, following up with the relevant members in relation to such questions; and (4) in order for the Company (or its agents or service providers) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines, (collectively, the 'Purposes'); (ii) warrants that where the member discloses the personal data of the member's proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the Company (or its agents or service providers), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of the personal data of such  proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the Purposes; and (iii) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's breach of warranty.

In the case of a member who is a relevant intermediary, by submitting the consolidated list of participants pursuant to Note 4 of this Notice of AGM, such member represents and warrants that it has obtained the prior consent of the individuals for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of the personal data of such individuals by the Company (or its agents or service providers) for the purpose of the processing, administration and analysis by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of  the  participation of such individuals in the proceedings of the AGM (including any adjournment thereof), and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and record of questions asked, and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or its agents or service providers) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines.

Photographic, sound and/or video recordings of the AGM of the Company may be made by the Company for record keeping and to ensure the accuracy of the minutes prepared of the AGM of the Company. Accordingly, the personal data of a member (such as his name, his presence at the AGM of the Company and any questions he may raise or motions he propose/second) may be recorded by the Company for such purpose.

## Notice of ANNuAl GeNerAl MeetiNG

(Company No: 199307251M) (Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

<!-- image -->

&amp;

## SUTL ENTERPRISE LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) (Company Registration Number: 199307251M)

## PROXY FORM Annual General Meeting

## IMPORTANT

1. The AGM (as defined below) is being convened, and will be held in a wholly physical format, at Constellation 1, ONEº15 Marina Sentosa Cove, #01-01, 11 Cove Drive, Sentosa Cove, Singapore 098497 on 20 April 2023 at 3.00 p.m., pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020 (the 'Order'). There will be no option for shareholders to participate by electronic means.  Printed copies of the Company's annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, addendum to shareholders of the Company ('Shareholders') dated 5 April 2023 (being an addendum to the Notice of AGM), Notice of AGM and this proxy form will be sent by post to shareholders. These documents will also be published on the Company's website at the URL https://www. sutlenterprise.com and SGXNET.
2. Arrangements  relating  to  attendance  at  the  AGM  by  shareholders,  including  CPF/SRS investors (as defined below), submission of questions, addressing of substantial and relevant questions and voting at the AGM, are set out in the Notice of AGM and the Company's accompanying announcement dated 5 April 2023, which has been published together with the Notice of AGM on the same day.
3. This proxy form is not valid for use by investors holding shares in the Company (' Shares ') through  relevant  intermediaries  (as  defined  in  Section  181  of  the  Companies  Act  1967) (' Investors ') (including investors holding Shares through Central Provident Fund (' CPF ') and Supplementary Retirement Scheme (' SRS ') (' CPF/SRS investors ')) and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them. An Investor who wishes to vote should instead approach his/her relevant intermediary as soon as possible to specify voting instructions. A CPF/SRS investor who wishes to vote should approach his/her CPF Agent Bank or SRS Operator by 3.00 p.m. on 11 April 2023, being not less than 7 working days before the date of the AGM to submit his/her voting instructions.
4. Please read the notes overleaf which contain instructions on, inter alia , the appointment of the Chairman as a member's proxy to vote on his/its behalf at the AGM.

I/We (Name) of (Address) being a *Member / Members of SUTL Enterprise Limited (the ' Company ') hereby appoint

- (a) the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting (' Chairman '); and/or
- (b) Name:

Address: NRIC / Passport No.: Proportion of Shareholding (%):

(Proportion of Shareholding is applicable only in the event that more than one proxy is appointed)

as *my/our proxy to vote for *me/us on *my/our behalf at the Twenty-Ninth Annual General Meeting of the Company (' AGM ') to be held on 20 April 2023 at 3:00 p.m. and at any adjournment thereof in the following manner.

(Please indicate with an ' X ' in the spaces provided whether you wish your vote(s) to be cast for or against, or abstain from voting, in respect of all your shares for each Resolution as set out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting. Alternatively, you may indicate the number of shares that you wish to vote for or against, and/or abstain from voting, for each Resolution in the space provided. In the absence of specific directions in respect of a Resolution, the appointment of the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting as your proxy for that Resolution will be treated as invalid. )

| No.  Resolution  For  Against  Abstain  1  Adoption  of  Directors'  Statement  and  Audited  Financial  Statements  and  Auditors' Report  2  To declare a final dividend at 5 cents per ordinary share for the year ended  31 December 2022  3  Approval of Directors' fees  4  Re-election of Director - Mr. Chan Kum Tao  5  Re-election of Director - Mr. Yeo Wee Kiong  6  Re-appointment of auditors  7  Authority to issue and allot shares pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies  Act 1967  8  Authority to offer and grant options, and issue shares, in accordance with the  Share Option Scheme 2011  9  Authority to purchase shares pursuant to the Share Purchase Mandate  10  To  approve  the  proposed  grant  of  options  under  the  Option  Scheme  in  respect of 100,000 shares to Mr Tay Teng Hock, a Non-Executive Director  and an Associate of a Controlling Shareholder of the Company   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Dated this day of 2023.

Signature(s) of member(s)/Common Seal

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ NOTES OVERLEAF BEFORE COMPLETING THIS PROXY FORM

* delete as appropriate.

Total number of Shares in:

(a) CDP Register

(b) Register of Members

No. of Shares

## Notes :-

1. Please insert the total number of shares held by you. If you have shares entered against your name in the Depository Register (as defined in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act 2001), you should insert that number of shares. If you have shares registered in your name in the Register of Members of the Company, you should insert that number of shares. If you have shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and registered in your name in the Register of Members, you should insert the aggregate number of shares. If no number is inserted, this proxy form appointing the Chairman as proxy will be deemed to relate to all the shares held by you.
2. Shareholders, including CPF and SRS investors, can vote at the AGM themselves or through duly appointed proxy(ies). Shareholders who wish to appoint a proxy(ies) must submit a proxy form in accordance with the instructions on the proxy form. Where a member (whether individual or corporate) appoints the Chairman as his/its proxy, he/it must give specific instructions in the relevant proxy form as to voting, or abstentions from voting, in respect of a resolution, failing which the appointment of the Chairman as proxy for that resolution will be treated as invalid.
3. This proxy form is not valid for use by Investors and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them. An Investor who wishes to vote should instead approach his/her relevant intermediary as soon as possible to specify his/her voting instructions. A CPF/SRS investor who wishes to vote should approach his/her CPF Agent Bank or SRS Operator by 3.00 p.m. on 11 April 2023, being not less than 7 working days before the date of the AGM to submit his/her voting instructions.
4. Shareholders who wish to appoint a proxy(ies) must submit a proxy form in the following manner:
5. (i) if submitted by post, be deposited at the registered office of the Company at #05-00, 100J Pasir Panjang Road, SUTL House, Singapore 118525; or
6. (ii) if submitted through electronic means, be submitted via an email enclosing a signed PDF copy of the proxy form to the Company at investor\_relations@sutl.com,

in either case, by no later than 3:00 p.m. on 18 April 2023 (being at least forty-eight (48) hours before the time fixed for holding the AGM) and in default the proxy form for the AGM shall not be treated as valid.

5. A Shareholder who wishes to submit a proxy form must first download, complete and sign the proxy form, before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or before scanning and sending it by email to the email address provided above. A proxy form must be signed by the appointor or his/her duly authorised attorney. Where a proxy form is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of its attorney or a duly authorised officer.
6. Where a proxy form appointing the Chairman as proxy is signed on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, the letter or power of attorney or a duly certified copy thereof must (failing previous registration with the Company) be lodged with the proxy form of proxy, failing which the proxy form may be treated as invalid.
7. Members should take note that after the deadline for the submission of proxy forms, the deadline being 3:00 p.m. on 18 April 2023 (being at least forty-eight (48) hours before the time fixed for holding the AGM), they cannot change their votes as indicated in the spaces provided above.

## General

Where a member (whether individual or corporate) appoints the Chairman as his/its proxy, he/it must give specific instructions in the relevant proxy form as to voting, or abstentions from voting, in respect of a resolution, failing which the appointment of the Chairman as proxy for that resolution will be treated as invalid.  The Company shall be entitled to reject this proxy form appointing the Chairman as proxy if it is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified on  this  proxy  form  appointing  the  Chairman  as  proxy.  In  addition,  in  the  case  of  Members  whose  shares  are  deposited  with  The  Central Depository (Pte) Limited (' CDP '), the Company may reject any proxy form appointing the Chairman as proxy lodged if such Members are not shown to have shares entered against their names in the Depository Register seventy-two (72) hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting as certified by CDP to the Company.

## Personal data privacy

By submitting an proxy form appointing the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy, the member of the Company accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting dated 5 April 2023.

www.sutlenterprise.com

100J Pasir Panjang Road, #05-00 SUTL House, Singapore 118525