<!-- image -->

## Making A Difference

## ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## Table of ConTenTS

Who We Are, Vision,

Mission &amp; Philosophy  .....................................

Corporate Information  ....................................

Group Corporate Structure  ............................

What We Do  ...................................................

Five Years Financial Highlights   .......................

Chairman's Statement   ....................................

Management Discussion and

Analysis Statement   .........................................

Directors' Profile   .............................................

Key Senior Management Profile   .....................

Message from

Group Chief Executive Officer   ........................

About this Sustainability Report   .....................

| Audit and Risk Management  Committee Report   ..........................................  56  Statement on Risk Management and  Internal Control   ...............................................  58  Corporate Governance  Overview Statement ........................................  62  Statement on Directors' Responsibility for  Preparing the Financial Statements  ...............  78  Additional Compliance Information  .................  79  Financial Statements  .......................................  83  Notice of Annual General Meeting  .................  197  Administrative Details for  the Annual General Meeting   ...........................  206  Analysis of Shareholdings  ..............................  212  List of Properties .............................................  219  Form of Proxy   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

01

02

03

04

06

07

09

13

18

20

21

Vision To be a trusted partner which make a difference on the global stage.

Mission &amp; Philosophy To support the different industries we serve by becoming the preferred integrated solutions provider through continuous innovation, smart partnerships and value creation.

www.t7global.com.my

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

T7 Global berhad

REgisTRATiON NO. 200401023809 (662315-U)

## Who We Are

T7 Global Berhad (better known as 'T7  Global' or 'The  Group' )  is a  public  listed  company  listed  on the  Main  Market  of  Bursa  Malaysia Securities  Berhad  since  2005.  The company  has  roots  in  the  oil  and gas business since 1990 and is well known  as  an  integrated solutions provider. The Group's experience in  complex  projects  and  innovative solutions proved to be invaluable in the increasingly challenging landscape.

With decades of industry experience, this  allows  the  Group  to  expand its  footprint  into  the  international markets and T7 Global has grown to become a trusted brand. The Group continues to expand business expertise and has diversified  interest in aerospace and construction through  strategic  acquisitions  and smart partnerships.

T7 Global focuses on making a difference in the industries we serve. As  a  leading  solutions  provider,  we offer support to industry leaders and organisations around the world.

datuk Seri dr. Nik Norzrul Thani bin N. hassan Thani

Acting Executive Chairman

Tan Sri datuk Seri Tan Kean Soon, J.P. Executive Deputy Chairman

## Corporate InformatIon

## Tan Sam eng

Independent Non-Executive Director

## Tan Kay Vin

Executive Director admiral Tan Sri dato' Seri Panglima

ahmad Kamarulzaman bin hj ahmad badaruddin (r)

<!-- image -->

## CoMPaNY SeCreTarIeS

## Chua Siew Chuan

(MAiCsA 0777689) (ssM PC NO. 201908002648)

## Tan loo ee

(MAiCsA 7063694) (ssM PC NO. 201908002686)

## reGISTered oFFICe

Level 7, Menara Milenium Jalan Damanlela Pusat Bandar Damansara Damansara Heights 50490 Kuala Lumpur

Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia

Tel

:  03-2084 9000

Fax

:  03-2094 9940

## head / MaNaGeMeNT oFFICe

Level 16, KL Trillion Corporate Tower No. 338, Jalan Tun Razak 50400 Kuala Lumpur Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia

Tel

:  03-2785 7777

Fax

:  03-2785 7778

## aUdITorS / rePorTING aCCoUNTaNTS

## Grant Thornton Malaysia PlT

(Audit Firm No.: 201906003682 &amp; AF 0737)

Level 11, sheraton imperial Court Jalan sultan ismail 50250 Kuala Lumpur Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia

Tel

:  03-2692 4022

Fax

:  03-2732 1010

## PrINCIPal baNKerS

## al rajhi banking &amp; Investment Corporation (Malaysia) berhad

gF, Mezzanine &amp; Basement East Block, Wisma golden Eagle Realty 142-C Jln Ampang 50450 Kuala Lumpur Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia

## Malayan banking berhad

No. 2 Wisma Prima Peninsular Jalan setiawangsa ii Taman setiawangsa 54200 Kuala Lumpur Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia

## United overseas bank (Malaysia) berhad

Level 7, Menara UOB, Jalan Raja Laut 50350 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia

CP (r) dato' Sri Wan ahmad Najmuddin bin Mohd Independent Non-Executive Director

Tan Sri dato' Sri Koh Kin lip, J.P.

Independent Non-Executive Director datuk Seri rahim bin Ismail Independent Non-Executive Director

## reGISTrar

## Tricor Investor &amp; Issuing house Services Sdn. bhd.

Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A Vertical Business suite, Avenue 3 Bangsar south, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi 59200 Kuala Lumpur

Wilayah Persekutuan, Malaysia

Tel

:  03-2783 9299

Fax

:  03-2783 9222

Email :

is.enquiry@my .tricorglobal.com

Website  :  www.tricorglobal.com

## SToCK eXChaNGe lISTING

Main Market of

Bursa Malaysia securities Berhad

## SToCK INForMaTIoN

Stock Name and Code :

T7gLOBAL (7228)

## Warrant Name and Code :

T7gLOBAL-WC (7228WC)

bloomberg :

T7g:MK   i   7228WC:MK

## Group Corporate StruCture

<!-- image -->

## What We Do

T7 global Berhad is an investment holding company with three principal businesses namely Energy, Aerospace &amp; Defence and Construction.

## energy

- ▶▶ Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC)
- ▶▶ Operation and Maintenance (O&amp;M)
- ▶▶ Offshore Construction services (OCs)
- ▶▶ integrated Well services (iWs)
- ▶▶ specialist Products and Technology (sPT)
- ▶▶ Recruitment and Manpower services (RMs)

## aerospace &amp; defence

- ▶▶ aerospace Metal Surface Treatment
- Surface	Enhancement and Cleaning
- Non-Destructive	Testing (NDT)
- Chemical	Processing
- Painting	and	Part-Marking
- Laboratory	Testing
- ▶▶ Marine Services, Naval and Security Technology
- Integrated	Bridge	System (iBs) and Combat Management system (CMs)
- Commercial	and Naval ship Maintenance

## Construction

- ▶▶ infrastructure and Building Construction
- ▶▶ specialised Facility Construction

eNerGY

<!-- image -->

T7 global's Energy Division ( 'T7 energy' ) is an integrated solution provider capable of serving across the energy value chain, in particular Upstream Oil &amp; gas business.

T7 Energy possess in-house capability and technology to engineer solutions that is fit-for-purpose for our customers.

Detailed description for Energy Division:-

## engineering, Procurement and Construction (ePC)

T7 Energy is in the EPC business of offshore oil &amp; gas structures for complex greenfield and brownfield projects with vast experience beyond the turnkey EPC from design, construction, commissioning to operation and maintenance of the asset.

Notably, T7 Energy specializes in the mobile offshore facility such as the Mobile Offshore Production Unit (MOPU). in most cases, the MOPU is a Build-Own-Operate (BOO) concept, the MOPU will be leased to the customer and operated by T7 Energy. This present a plug &amp; play solution which enable the commercial viability of marginal and/ or remote fields.

Over the years, T7 Energy has delivered a variety of mobile offshore facility such as accommodation  jack-up,  early  production  facility,  water  injection  facility,  and  gas compression MOPU.

## operation and Maintenance (o&amp;M)

in the brownfield segment, T7 Energy possesses a reliable asset management solution which can be customised to align with the customer' s operating philosophy. The objective is to help the customer to achieve an optimal operating efficiency along with a reduction in operating downtime and to maintain a safe working environment.

The O&amp;M team's main activities consist of maintenance, construction and modification (MCM), offshore splash zone maintenance and brownfield hookup and commissioning (HUC).

T7 Energy recognises the importance of brownfield rejuvenation as there are many matured assets in the region which require proper maintenance. Therefore, an integrated approach to facility operations and maintenance is crucial to ensure good production uptime.

## offshore Construction Services (oCS)

T7 Energy provides offshore construction services related to offshore transportation and installation of offshore structures. This includes activities such as offshore logistics, jacket and topside installation, underwater intervention works and offshore decommissioning.

The OCs team is well known for platform-based underwater intervention services via diving and remotely operated vehicle (ROV) solutions.

## Integrated Well Services (IWS)

T7 Energy possesses the right assets and expertise to execute integrated well services for well production enhancement and well abandonment activities. The scope ranges from well work-over, and well intervention to well plug and abandonment.

The iWs team collaborate with renowned  well  services  companies  to execute  complex  projects  in  a  costeffective manner,  while  ensuring  the optimisation of well performance. The  team    offers  services  across  the decommissioning and abandonment value  chain  from  concept  study,  and engineering to project execution.

## Specialist Products and Technology (SPT)

T7 Energy offers a wide range of specialist products and technology across  the  oil  and  gas,  oleo-chemical, marine, petrochemical and general industries.  Exclusive  partnerships  with reputable technology companies enable T7 Energy to leverage on their expertise to provide high value integrated engineered solutions to our customers:-

- On-site gas generation Package (available on BOT and BOO basis)
- Water injection Module (available on BOT and BOO basis)
- Automation, iCss, sis and Fgs solution
- integrated Metering solution
- Lifecyle services

in  addition,  T7  Energy  offers  a  wide  range of engineered products comprising:-

- gas Processing Technology
- Rotating Equipment (APi Compressors and Pumps)
- Field instrument, gauges, Valves and Fittings
- Flow Measurement Equipment
- Piping and instrument Valves (sBB, DBB, MonoFlange and Needles) and subsea Valves
- Manual Valves (Ball, gate, globe, Check and Butterfly)
- interlocking Devices and Power Tools
- Marine Hoses, special Piping and Fittings
- Control and Automation Equipment

## recruitment and Manpower Services (rMS)

T7 Energy via T7 intelligent Resources sdn. Bhd. provides a full suite of skilled recruitment and manpower services to a  variety  of  industries,  upstream  and downstream Oil &amp; gas, iCT, Renewable Energy, Rail and infrastructure.

since its inception,  the  RMs  team has  specialised  in  providing  technical resources to customers for various projects and development. Additionally, the  team  possesses  a  strong  track record  in  senior  corporate  hiring  with a  number  of  customers  opting  for  the team's services time and again.

in the RMs business, it is the people that make the difference. The team's focus is to identify, attract and onboard the very best  people  for  the  customers  and  to provide the highest level of service.

## aeroSPaCe aNd deFeNCe

<!-- image -->

in  line  with  the  Malaysia  Aerospace industry Blueprint 2030, we have established T7 AeroTech sdn. Bhd. to pursue high-value manufacturing in the Aerospace industry.  The  team  aims  to become the preferred treatment house in  the  southeast  Asia  region  and  to provide world-class services to the Aerospace  industry  and  other  related industries.

The  team  provides  a  wide  range  of special  processes  which  comply  with the highest standards and qualityrelated  approvals  (Nadcap &amp; As9100), along with approvals from prime customers and aerospace Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs). The list of special processes are as follows:-

- surface Enhancement and Cleaning
- Chemical Processing
- Painting and Part Marking
- Non-Destructive Testing (NDT)
- Laboratory Testing

## WhaT We do

(CONT'D)

T7  Aero  sdn.  Bhd.  and  T7  Marine sdn.  Bhd.  are  integrated  engineering solutions providers primarily involved in the  Aerospace  and  Defence  industry. Both  have  strategic  partnerships  with international OEMs to support the industry  in  terms  of  niche  technology and  digital  solutions  for  the  Malaysian armed  forces  and  other  government agencies. The team products and services include commercial and naval ships Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO),  integrated  Vessel  system  for naval ships and security solutions.

## CoNSTrUCTIoN

<!-- image -->

T7  global's  Construction  Division  ( 'T7 Construction' ) via T7 Kemuncak sdn. Bhd. offers various general construction and  infrastructure  works.  The  entity  is registered  under  category  g7  with  the Construction industry Development Board  (CiDB).  The  business  objective is  to  develop  sustainable  construction opportunities with the local government and corporations.

T7 Construction focuses on infrastructure and building works, which entail the following:-

- Design, construction and completion of railway, water infrastructure, roads, bridges and other infrastructure construction;
- Construction of specialized buildings and facilities

## fIve YearS fInanCIal hIGhlIGhtS

| Financial Year(s) ended  31 december  2018  rM'000  2019  rM'000  2020  rM'000  2021  rM'000  2022  rM'000  Revenue  209,789  233,488  189,407  305,496  362,970  Profit before Tax (PBT)  7,654  8,148  7,496  18,995  33,698  Profit after Tax (PAT)  10,562  12,508  3,079  13,016  20,239  PBT Margin (%)  3.6%  3.5%  3.9%  6.2%  9.3%  PAT Margin (%)  5.0%  5.4%  1.6%  4.3%  5.6%  Basic Earnings Per share (sen)  1.69  1.68  1.54  1.68  2.75   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ChaIrman'S Statement

<!-- image -->

in  the  global  economy,  there  were  some  positive  developments  with  the  reopening  of  China's  economy  and  better-thanexpected growth outturns in major economies, supported by resilient domestic demand.  Nevertheless, the global economy continues to be weighed down by elevated cost pressures and higher interest rates. Headline inflation moderated slightly from high levels, but core inflation remained above historical averages. some central banks are expected to continue raising interest rates to manage inflationary pressures. This will continue to pose headwinds to the global growth outlook. The growth outlook remains subject to downside risks, mainly from an escalation of geopolitical tensions, higher-than-anticipated inflation outturns, and a sharp tightening in financial market conditions.

The Malaysian economy expanded strongly by 8.7% in 2022 driven by the recovery in private and public sector spending following the full reopening of the economy. After the strong performance in 2022, the economy is expected to moderate in 2023 amid a slower global economy. growth will remain driven by domestic demand. Household spending will be underpinned by sustained improvements in employment and income prospects. Tourist arrivals are expected to continue rising, further lifting tourism-related activities. The continued progress of multi-year infrastructure projects will support investment activity. The implementation of projects from the recently re-tabled Budget 2023 would provide upside risks to the domestic growth outlook. Downside risks continue to stem mainly from global developments, including from weaker-than-expected growth outturns or much tighter and more volatile global financial conditions.

REgisTRATiON NO. 200401023809 (662315-U)

## ChaIrMaN'S STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

Headline and core inflation are expected to moderate over the course of 2023, but will continue to be elevated amid lingering demand and cost factors. The extent of upward pressures to inflation will remain partly contained by existing price controls and fuel subsidies, and the remaining spare capacity in the economy. The balance of risk to the inflation outlook is tilted to the upside and continues to be highly subject to any changes to domestic policy on subsidies and price controls, as well as global commodity price developments.

National  energy  company  Petroliam  Nasional  Berhad  ( 'PeTroNaS' )  announced  that  the  global  economic  activity  is experiencing a broad-based and sharper-than-expected slowdown as well as the lingering effects of the COViD-19 pandemic. The resultant labour shortages, record-high commodity prices and global supply chain disruptions will all weigh heavily on the outlook. Cost-of-living crisis caused by persistent inflationary pressures and tightening financial conditions can already be seen globally. As we face the ongoing market uncertainties combined with the complexity of the energy transition, industries today are compelled to depart from business-as-usual. We need to actively shape the direction of the industry, anticipate market requirements and find solutions to meet these demands. Responding with agile strategies and willingness to embrace innovation as well as new solutions to face the new normal, is important in facing rapid changes.

Following the above, the Board takes cognizance of the external headwinds which may pose further challenges to the group's operations and will continue to be prudent in our investments and exercise a higher degree of risk management.

Despite the above, we are pleased to say that the group has performed steadily over the past few years, driven by execution of contracts in hand. in addition, the group continues to replenish its orderbook during the year, with approximately RM1 billion worth of contracts secured from various clients.

For the FYE 2022, the group had achieved new heights, with full year revenue and profit after tax of RM362.97 million and RM20.2 million respectively, driven by higher execution of works related to iWs and O&amp;M for clients such as Petronas Carigali sdn. Bhd. and Hibiscus Oil &amp; gas Malaysia Limited (formerly known as Repsol Oil &amp; gas Malaysia Limited).

The Board and Management are strongly committed towards the group's businesses and improving operating efficiencies across our portfolio and delivering steady growth for the Company.

## eNVIroNMeNT, SoCIal aNd GoVerNaNCe (eSG)

As Esg is becoming increasingly important in today's operating landscape, T7 global recognises that contributions made through our Esg programs have significant impacts on the environment and communities. The group strives to sustain a balanced approach in fulfilling its key objectives of sustainable shareholder returns and caring for the environment and its people. For the year 2022, the group committed noteworthy time and effort in Esg programmes in order to offer meaningful contributions to various stakeholders.

As a responsible corporate citizen, we firmly believe in progressing with the society and embedding it as part of our DNA and corporate culture. in this regard, the group had focused its resources in developing well plug and abandonment and facility decommissioning solutions for its clients.

## aPPreCIaTIoN

On behalf of the Board, i would like to extend my deepest appreciation to the management, employees and business associates for their continuous commitment towards the group's operations during the year.

i would also like to express my gratitude to our valued shareholders for their unwavering support. My heartiest appreciation to my fellow Directors, for their constant support and utmost contribution to the group throughout the years which has enabled the group to achieve its best performance to date in FYE 2022.

We remain focused in project execution and will continue to deliver higher shareholders' returns in the year ahead.

Yours sincerely,

## datuk Seri dr. Nik Norzrul Thani bin N. hassan Thani

Acting Executive Chairman

REgisTRATiON NO. 200401023809 (662315-U)

## manaGement DISCuSSIon anD analYSIS Statement

<!-- image -->

## INdUSTrY reVIeW

in line with PETRONAs' call for great collaborations amongst industry players and other industries for more efficient solutions, we are continuously upgrading our capabilities with technologies to offer the solutions needed to meet the world's growing demand for energy services.

The industry is faced with greater demands for sustainable environmental solutions, we are pushing forward our competitive end of field life services such as offshore decommissioning solutions to ensure projects are feasible.

At the same time, PETRONAs is expected to spend approximately RM60 billion in annual capital expenditure in financial year ended ( 'FYe' ) 2023, where upstream activities will remain robust and should augur well for the domestic oil and gas industry.

## MaNaGeMeNT dISCUSSIoN aNd aNalYSIS STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## FINaNCIal PerForMaNCe

The group delivered a record performance for the FYE 2022. Revenue increased by approximately 19% from RM305.5 million in FYE 2021 to RM363.0 million in FYE 2022, while profit after tax and minority interest increased by 93% from RM10.6 million to RM20.4 million. The increase was mainly due to the higher execution of works related to iWs and O&amp;M for clients such as Petronas Carigali sdn. Bhd., Hibiscus Oil &amp; gas Malaysia Limited (formerly known as Repsol Oil &amp; gas Malaysia Limited) and Carigali Hess Operating Company sdn. Bhd.. The management is confident in delivering a better financial performance for the year 2023 due to its resilient orderbook and the current favourable industry outlook.

As at 31 December 2022, T7 global reported a healthy balance sheet with total assets of approximately RM1.0 billion and shareholders' equity of approximately RM292.0 million.

## bUSINeSS MIleSToNeS

During the FYE 2022, the group has announced several significant contracts awarded by:-

- 1) Petronas Carigali sdn. Bhd., for the provision of platform based underwater inspection services;
- 2) Busrakham g11 Limited, for the provision of leasing, operation and maintenance of Mobile Offshore Production Unit in Nong Yao Field, southern gulf of Thailand;
- 3) Hibiscus Oil &amp; gas Malaysia Limited, for the work order in relation to workover and plug and abandonment integrated well services; and
- 4) Malaysia Airports  (sepang)  sdn.  Bhd.,  for  the  design,  construction,  installation,  integration,  completion,  testing  and commissioning of proposed baggage handling system asset replacement program at Terminal 1, KL international Airport.

## adaPTING To NeW NorMS aNd reMaIN aGIle dUrING MarKeT VolaTIlITY

Over the last 5 years, the Board of Directors and management team have strategised the group's business plans to align the corporate structure and enhance the operation's efficiency. We have taken initiatives to refine our internal operations to deliver long-term and sustainable growth. in line with these initiatives, we have our vision and business development to achieve our goals.

## 1. Cost Control Program

The group has initiated a cost control exercise with the aim to transform the group into a leaner organisation. We have reviewed all operating, administrative control, supply chain and management activities and their related cost across the group. This is to ensure that we are able to control our operating costs during industry downturns. By implementing these strategies, we should be more competitive and be able to pass these benefits to our customers and ultimately improve earnings for the group.

## 2. risk Management Team

The group has formed a risk management team comprising independent Directors and top management personnel. Proactively addressing the challenges and opportunities of our business will ensure that every aspect of our business and/or investment opportunities brought up by any stakeholders of the group will be carefully assessed and assuring proper due diligences are carried out professionally.

The  group's  most  immediate  concern  was  the  health  and  welfare  of  the  employees  and  stakeholders  affected  by COViD-19 which we will handle with utmost care and professionalism. standard operating procedures and policies were put in place to ensure minimal interruption to operations.

in addition, the risk management team is constantly monitoring the progress of the Bayan Mobile Offshore Production Unit ('MOPU') project which has increased the gearing of the group since FYE 2020. We are pleased to inform that the Bayan MOPU (named TsEVEN ELisE) has been safely delivered at Bayan Field in 4Q2022. Furthermore, we will be closely monitoring the progress of the Nong Yao MOPU in FYE 2023 to ensure the project is delivered on time and with minimal cost variations.

Together with the ongoing initiatives and diversification of our business model, we are confident that T7 global will be competitive moving forward which will create sustainable long-term growth and value for our shareholders.

## rISK MaNaGeMeNT aNd INTerNal CoNTrol

The overall risk management objective of T7 global is to identify potential problems before they occur so that risk handling activities may be planned and invoked as needed across our business divisions. The group seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on its financial performance through proper risk management planning and controls. Risk management is carried out through regular risk review analysis, internal control systems and adherence to group's risk management policies. The Board of Directors of T7 global regularly reviews these risks and approves the appropriate control environment frameworks.

Dependence on skilled professionals/engineers is one of the key risk factors. As an oil and gas services group in providing maintenance services to customers in oil and gas, we require certified, skilled, and experienced technical professionals to execute the projects and contracts awarded to our group.

Due to supply and demand conditions and competition among other companies, the number of personnel with the relevant qualifications and experience in the industry may be limited. Our cost of operations may be higher if we are required to compete for such skilled and experience technical professionals. Nonetheless, in line with our continuous requirements for skilled-based human resources, we also provide technical training as part of our other products and services segment.

Legal risk is the risk of financial loss or damage to the group's reputation arising from failure to comply with contractual terms or the group's interest is not properly protected. The group's Legal Department has assessed and identified the key terms and conditions of the existing major contracts for ongoing monitoring and management of the contracts by the respective business units.

The safety of people and assets is of utmost priority in the oil and gas industry and any adverse incident could result in significant financial loss and damage to the group. T7 global has established comprehensive safety policies and processes that clearly set out the safety measures which must be strictly adhered to by our employees and contractors. Periodic audits of our health and safety procedures and practices, drills, continuous health and safety meetings and reviews are conducted internally and externally.

We are mindful of risks that are inherent in the business environment. Hence, our focus is to mitigate these risk factors through best practices and good corporate governance.

## dIVIdeNd

During FYE 2022, the group did not declare any dividend as the group is conserving cashflow for expansion purposes.

## bUSINeSS oUTlooK aNd ProSPeCTS

While the industry currently shows signs of a promising outlook, the group is constantly mindful of all events such as micro and macro-economic factors and geopolitical risks which may impact us in any way and we will continue to strive to secure valuable opportunities on win-win terms for both the group and our clients through entering into longer term contracts with reputable and financially sound clients.

For T7 global, the Energy Division will remain as the group's core business. The group continues to pursue new works and to look for industry opportunities where we possess the relevant expertise and experience to venture into. We will utilise our existing technical expertise and track record to secure a diversified client base for the sustainability of our businesses.

As at 31 December 2022, T7 global's order book stood at approximately RM2.6 billion, which provides a visibility of 10 years to the group. T7 global will continuously tender for more projects, both locally and overseas. We are optimistic that we will be able to replenish our order book and maintain the group's growth momentum moving forward. Barring any unforeseen circumstances, the group expects to grow its profitability for the forthcoming financial year 2023. The group will focus on, amongst others, the completion of the MOPU project for Busrakham g11 Limited, which is expected to be operational by the first quarter of FYE 2024.

We have commenced our aerospace business in 2020, providing surface metal treatment services to serve the local and regional markets. Although the industry was hit hard by the COViD-19 pandemic in FYE 2020, we persevered and had obtain reopening of full certification for our metal surface treatment facility in serendah. We are optimistic of the recovery journey ahead given the reopening of global economies and positive outlook of the aerospace industry.

## MaNaGeMeNT dISCUSSIoN aNd aNalYSIS STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## MaNaGeMeNT dISCUSSIoN aNd aNalYSIS STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## bUSINeSS oUTlooK aNd ProSPeCTS (CoNT'd)

For the Construction Division, the group clinched a 3-year baggage handling system (BHs) replacement program for KLiA Terminal 1 as part of a consortium with siemens Logistics Pte. Ltd., the world's leading BHs solutions provider. This is our maiden project for the airport logistic industry and we will be lookout locally and in the region for similar projects.

Whilst aware of both challenges and opportunities going forward, we welcome 2023 with a clear business strategy, staying committed towards achieving our business objectives and delivering greater value to our shareholders. We continue to align our business strategies with our sustainability plans to continue to grow the business in the long term.

## aPPreCIaTIoN

As we conclude the year 2022, i would like to convey my heartfelt appreciation to the management team and to my fellow board members for your utmost dedication to the group through these difficult times. i sincerely express appreciation to all our employees for the dedication and commitment to the group, all of you have played a pivotal role in the group's continuous growth.

On behalf of the Board, i would also like to express our gratitude to our stakeholders, clients, partners and customers for their continuous support to our group. To our shareholders who have supported us, they have motivated us to strive for another year of positive performance to maximize value within the group for all our stakeholders.

Yours sincerely,

## Tan Sri datuk Seri Tan Kean Soon, J.P.

Executive Deputy Chairman

## DIreCtorS' profIle

## datuk Seri dr. Nik Norzrul Thani bin N. hassan Thani

NaTIoNalITY Malaysian

aGe 63

GeNder

Male

PoSITIoN Acting Executive Chairman Member of Share Issuance Scheme Committee

<!-- image -->

Datuk seri Dr. Nik Norzrul Thani Bin N. Hassan Thani ( 'datuk Seri dr. Nik' ) holds a Ph.D. in Law from the school of Oriental and African studies, University of London and a Masters in Law degree from Queen Mary College, University of London. He studied law at the University of Buckingham, United Kingdom. Datuk seri Dr.  Nik  also  holds  a  Post-graduate  Diploma  in  syariah  Law  and Practice (with Distinction) from the international islamic University of Malaysia. He is a Barrister of Lincoln's inn and an Advocate and solicitor of the High Court of Malaya. He was called to the Bar of England and Wales in 1985 and to the Malaysian Bar in 1986. He was a Visiting Fulbright scholar, Harvard Law school from 1996 to 1997, Chevening Visiting Fellow at the Oxford Centre of islamic studies, Oxford University and was formerly the Acting Dean/Deputy Dean of the Faculty of Laws, international islamic University Malaysia. He is also a Fellow of the Financial services institute of Australasia (FiNsiA) and a member of Chartered  institute  of  Marketing  (United  Kingdom)  and  has  also been admitted as a Practising  Member  of  the  Chartered  institute  of  islamic Finance Professionals (CiiF).

Datuk  seri  Dr.  Nik  serves  in  the  following  prominent  associations/bodies/ corporations:

- Chairman	of	Malaysia-Singapore	Business	Council	(MSBC)	(appointed	by the Minister of international Trade &amp; industry)
- Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director	of	Sime	Darby	Plantation	Berhad
- Non-Independent	Non-Executive	Director	of	Pertama	Digital	Berhad
- Independent	Non-Executive	Director	of	Amanah	Saham	Nasional	Berhad (AsNB)
- Independent	Non-Executive	Chairman	of	Malaysian	Rating	Corporation Berhad
- Independent	Non-Executive	Director	of	Cagamas	Holdings	Berhad
- Chairman	of	the	Appeals	Committee	of	Bursa	Malaysia
- Deputy	 Chairman	 of	 Malaysia	 Crime	 Prevention	 Foundation	 (MCPF) Kuala Lumpur

Datuk seri Dr. Nik is practising with Malaysia's largest law firm, Zaid ibrahim &amp; Co. (in association with KPMg Law). The firm is also a member of KPMg's global Legal services network, spanning across 84 jurisdictions and comprise of 3,200 lawyers with deep expertise and experience to provide top quality legal advice as part of an integrated solution.

Datuk seri Dr.  Nik  was  appointed  to  the  Board  of  T7  global  Berhad  on  23 March 2015.

## dIreCTorS' ProFIle

(CONT'D)

## Tan Sri datuk Seri Tan Kean Soon, J.P.

NaTIoNalITY Malaysian

aGe 59

GeNder Male

PoSITIoN Executive Deputy Chairman Member of Share Issuance Scheme Committee

<!-- image -->

## Tan Sam eng

NaTIoNalITY Malaysian aGe 71

GeNder Female

PoSITIoN Independent Non-Executive Director

Chairperson of Audit and Risk Management Committee

Member of Remuneration Committee

<!-- image -->

Tan sam Eng is a Chartered Accountant and a Chartered secretary. she is a member of  the  Malaysian  institute  of  Accountants  (MiA),  a  Fellow  Member  of  the  Association  of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), and also a Member of the Chartered Tax institute of Malaysia (CTiM). she has more than 30 years of professional experience which involves in all aspects of financial practice such as auditing, taxation, corporate finance and advisory works.  Her  auditing  experience  covers  practically  the  whole  spectrum  of  Malaysian business  environment  including  property  development,  engineering,  communications, transportation, plantations, manufacturing and trading.

Ms. Tan sam Eng does not have any directorships in other public companies and public listed companies.

she was appointed to the Board of T7 global Berhad on 23 March 2015.

Tan sri Datuk seri Tan Kean soon, J.P . ( 'Tan Sri Tan' ) has more than 30 years of experience in leading various oil and gas upstream and downstream companies with a track record of outstanding performance in this highly competitive industry. Tan sri Tan is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CP Energy &amp; services sdn. Bhd., a corporation founded by Tan sri Tan in 1992. Under Tan sri Tan's helm, the company grows steadily and has rapidly expanded its presence in the AsEAN region.

Tan sri Tan also serves in the following prominent associations/bodies/corporations:-

- Life	 Honorary	Advisor	&amp;	Treasurer	of	Federation	of	Chinese	Associations	Malaysia (Huazong)
- Advisor	 to	 the	 Minister	 of	 Human	 Resources,	 Malaysia	 for	 aspect	 related	 to occupational safety and health
- Member	of	National	Council	for	Occupational	Safety	&amp;	Health	(NCOSH)/Majlis	Negara bagi Keselamatan dan Kesihatan Pekerjaan (MNKKP)
- Chairman of international Cooperation in NCOsH
- Director	of	Malaysia-China	Business	Council	(MCBC)
- Chairman of MCBC sub-Committee on 'Construction &amp; Development'
- Member	of	Malaysia	Singapore	Business	Council	(MSBC)
- Chairman	of	Malaysia	Crime	Prevention	Foundation	(MCPF)	Kuala	Lumpur
- Ordinary	Life	Member	of	Malaysia	Crime	Prevention	Foundation	(MCPF)
- Member	 of	 The	 Malaysian	 Oil	 &amp;	 Gas	 Services	 Council	 (MOGSC)	 and	 Malaysian Petroleum Club

Tan sri Tan was appointed to the Board of Directors of T7 global Berhad on 23 June 2014 and he is the father of Tan Kay Vin, the Executive Director of T7 global Berhad.

## Tan Kay Vin

NaTIoNalITY Malaysian

aGe

32

GeNder

Male

PoSITIoN

Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Tan Kay Vin ( 'Kay Vin' ) is currently heading the Aerospace and Defence Division and the Construction Division as well as the group Corporate Affairs Department. He joined T7 global Berhad in 2015 as the Manager of group Corporate Affairs.

Kay Vin is primarily responsible for spearheading the non-energy divisions of the group and maintaining close rapports with the group's clients, authorities, investment community and other stakeholders.

Kay  Vin  holds  a  Bachelor  of  Commerce,  majors  in  actuarial  science  and  finance  from University of New south Wales, sydney. Prior to joining T7 global Berhad, Kay Vin has various working experiences with financial institutions and insurance companies including Maybank investment Berhad and Malayan Banking Berhad, Mitsui sumitomo insurance group and PricewaterhouseCoopers Malaysia.

Kay Vin also serves in the following prominent associations/bodies/corporations:-

- Board	of	Directors	of	the	Malaysia	Aerospace	Industry	Association	(MAIA)
- Committee	Member	of	Malaysia	Crime	Prevention	Foundation	(MCPF)	Kuala	Lumpur

Kay Vin was appointed to the Board of Directors of T7 global Berhad on 5 March 2018. He is the son of Tan sri Datuk seri Tan Kean soon, J.P , the Executive Deputy Chairman and the major shareholder of T7 global Berhad.

## admiral Tan Sri dato' Seri Panglima ahmad Kamarulzaman bin hj ahmad badaruddin (r)

NaTIoNalITY Malaysian

aGe 64

GeNder Male

PoSITIoN Independent Non-Executive Director Chairman of Nomination Committee

Member of Audit and Risk Management Committee

<!-- image -->

Admiral Tan sri Dato' seri Panglima Ahmad Kamarulzaman Bin Hj Ahmad Badaruddin (R) is an alumni of the Harvard Business school having attended the Advanced Management Program (AMP) in Boston. He obtained his Master in Business Administration from the University  of  strathclyde  Business  school,  scotland  and  Master  of  Arts  in  international Relations  from  the  National  University  of  Malaysia.  He  also  completed  the  Executive Business Management Program at the Kenan-Flagler Business school, University of North Carolina. He is also a Distinguished graduate in Political Warfare of the Fu Hshing Kang College, Republic of China as well as the Us Naval War College, Newport, Rhode island, United states of America. He has served the King and Country for 42 years and has held numerous positions in the Malaysian Armed Forces. He achieved the peak in his career when he assumed command of the Royal Malaysian Navy as Chief on 18 November 2015. He is the Chairman of Lagenda Properties Berhad and Director of TRC synergy Berhad as well as other private companies.

He was appointed to the Board of Directors of T7 global Berhad on 15 April 2019.

## dIreCTorS' ProFIle

(CONT'D)

## dIreCTorS' ProFIle

(CONT'D)

## CP (r) dato' Sri Wan ahmad Najmuddin bin Mohd

NaTIoNalITY Malaysian

aGe 65

GeNder Male

PoSITIoN

Independent Non-Executive Director Member of Audit and Risk Management Committee Chairman of Remuneration Committee Member of Nomination Committee

<!-- image -->

CP  (R)  Dato'  sri  Wan  Ahmad  Najmuddin  Bin  Mohd  has  served  in  the  police  force  for more than 40 years and in March 2019, he retired as the Director of Criminal investigation Department (CiD) at the Royal Malaysia Police (PDRM).

Prior to this, he was the Chief of Police for the state of Johor. He has also the privilege to serve as the special Officer to the Minister of Home Affairs and Aide De Camp (ADC) to his Royal Highness Yang Di-Pertuan Agong.

He holds a Degree in Law from international islamic University Malaysia (iiUM) followed by a Master of science (Police studies) from University Kebangsaan Malaysia (UKM). He is currently the Managing Partner at Messrs. Wan &amp; Ting and serves as an Advocates and solicitors of High Court of Malaya.

in  september  2020,  he  was  appointed  to  the  Board  of  Directors  of  Talent  Corporation Malaysia Berhad (TalentCorp) under the Ministry of Human Resources (MOHR).

He was appointed to the Board of Directors of T7 global Berhad on 28 June 2019.

## Tan Sri dato' Sri Koh Kin lip, J.P.

NaTIoNalITY Malaysian

aGe 74

GeNder Male

PoSITIoN Independent Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Tan sri  Dato'  sri  Koh  Kin  Lip,  J.P .  ( 'Tan Sri richard Koh' )  graduated  from  Plymouth Polytechnic (now known as Plymouth University), United Kingdom with a Higher National Diploma in Business studies and a Council's Diploma in Management studies.

He began his career in standard Chartered Bank, sandakan in 1977 as a trainee assistant. in 1978, he joined his family business and was principally involved in administrative and financial  matters.  in  1985,  he  assumed  the  role  as  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  his  family business. in 1987, he was pivotal and instrumental in the formation of Rickoh Holdings sdn. Bhd., the flagship company of the family businesses. Rickoh Holdings sdn. Bhd. and group of companies had since continued to grow via diversifying their business activities which comprise,  among  others,  properties  investments/holdings,  properties  letting,  property development, securities investments, oil palm plantations, sea and land transportation for crude palm oil and palm kernel, information technology, hotel business, car park operator, insurance  agency,  trading  in  golf  equipment  and  accessories,  river  sand  mining,  bricks manufacturing, and quarry operations.

He was appointed to the Board of Directors of T7 global Berhad on 2 september 2020.

## datuk Seri rahim bin Ismail

NaTIoNalITY Malaysian

aGe 64

GeNder Male

PoSITIoN

Independent Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Datuk seri Rahim Bin ismail ( 'datuk Seri rahim Ismail' ) has over 39 years of experience in the oil and gas industry. He was the senior Advisor and a member of Extended Leadership Team  at  Repsol  Oil  and  gas  Malaysia  Ltd.  (previously  known  as  Talisman  Energy),  a Multinational  Oil  and  gas  Company.  His  vast  network  in  the  industry  has  enabled  him to successfully perform key strategic and advisory roles in supporting Repsol's business growth and sustainability in Malaysia and globally.

He started his career in January 1982 with Malayan Banking Berhad (Maybank) and later joined Petroliam Nasional Berhad (PETRONAs) in August the same year. Throughout his 27 years with PETRONAs, he held multiple managerial and leadership roles including in Corporate,  Upstream  and  Downstream  sectors,  Work  Programme  and  Budget  (WPB) &amp;  Planning,  supply  Chain  Management  Entrepreneur  Management  and  Development, Education and Human Resource and Downstream Commercial and Marketing. He also played  an  instrumental  role  in  representing  the  industry  to  chart  strategies  and  policies through  various  government  initiatives  under  the  Economic  Planning  Unit  (EPU),  Prime Minister Department and Ministry of Finance (MOF).

Datuk seri Rahim ismail graduated from University of Malaya in 1982 and holds a degree in Economics (Honours). in 1992, he enrolled in international Contract Law and Contract programme  at  georgetown  University,  Washington  DC,  UsA.  He  also  attended  senior Management Programme at iNsEAD France in 2003 and MBA programme for CEO and senior Executive organised by Uni strategic of singapore in 2014.

He retired from PETRONAs in 2007, and subsequently joined Talisman Energy (now known as Repsol) as senior Advisor, providing key strategic advice and direction for the company in Malaysia, before officially retiring in 2020. He currently serves as senior Advisor of Country star sdn. Bhd. a renewable energy solutions provider. He is also a co-founder of Borealis Healthcare sdn. Bhd., a pharmaceutical and medical products distributor in Malaysia.

Datuk seri Rahim ismail was appointed to the Board of T7 global Berhad on 1 March 2023.

## attendance record of the directors at the board of directors' Meetings

The attendance records of the Directors at the Board of Directors' Meetings can be found in the Corporate governance Overview statement in this Annual Report.

## Family relationship with any director and/or major shareholder

save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has any family relationship with any Director and/or major shareholder of the Company.

## Conflict of interest

None of the Directors has any conflict of interest with the group.

## Conviction of offence

None of the Directors has any conviction for offences within the past five (5) years, other than traffic offences, if any, nor any public sanction or penalty imposed by the relevant regulatory bodies during the financial year.

## dIreCTorS' ProFIle

(CONT'D)

## KeY SenIor manaGement profIle

Please refer to the profiles of datuk Seri dr. Nik Norzrul Thani bin N. hassan Thani (Acting Executive Chairman), Tan Sri datuk Seri Tan Kean Soon, J.P. (Executive Deputy Chairman) and Tan Kay Vin (Executive Director) for their profiles on pages 13 to 15, respectively.

## TaN KaY ZhUIN

Group Chief Executive Officer    I    T7 Global Berhad    I    Malaysian    I    Age 34    I    Male    I

<!-- image -->

## oNG Fee PeNG

Group Chief Financial Officer    I    T7 Global Berhad    I    Malaysian    I    Age 57    I    Male    I

<!-- image -->

ong Fee Peng ,  an  accountant by profession, was appointed as group Chief Financial Officer of T7 global Berhad on 31 July 2015. He is primarily responsible for the group's overall financial and accounting functions.

He is a registered Chartered Accountant with the Malaysian institute of Accountant and has more than 27 years of working experiences across the full spectrum of the areas of investment bank, accounting, audit, manufacturing, construction, stock broking, building management system and corporate finance.

## aZMaN YaKIM

Head of Energy Division    I    Malaysian    I    Age 46    I    Male    I

<!-- image -->

azman Yakim is the Head of Energy Division of T7 global Berhad, serving all sectors in upstream, midstream and downstream.

Previously, he was the senior Vice President, Oil &amp; gas Business for siemens Malaysia and global Corporate Account Manager for siemens Ag. He holds a Bachelor's Degree in CAD/CAM Engineering from the University of Malaya and Masters Degree in Business Administration (MBA) minor in Finance from the University of Derby.

He has more than 20 years of professional experience in the Energy, Oil &amp; gas and Utilities sector, where he has worked with reputable names in the industry such as general Electric (gE), Dresser- Rand (D-R) and Emerson prior to working in siemens Ag.

Tan Kay Zhuin has been the group Chief Executive Officer of T7 global Berhad since 5 september 2022. He oversees the group's operations and manages all 3 divisions. He first joined T7 global's subsidiary, Tanjung Offshore services sdn. Bhd. in 2016, heading the offshore construction and maintenance segment.

He started his career as a production engineer with KrisEnergy Limited in singapore in 2014. He later joined Toyo Engineering Corporation in Japan as a petroleum engineer.

He holds a Bachelor's degree in Petroleum Engineering (Hons) from University of New south Wales, sydney.

He is the son of Tan sri Datuk sri Tan Kean soon, J.P ., the Executive Deputy Chairman and major shareholder of the Company and brother of Tan Kay Vin, the Executive Director of the Company.

## daTUK TaN KeaN SeNG

Deputy Head of Energy Division    I    Malaysian    I    Age 52    I    Male    I

<!-- image -->

datuk  Tan  Kean  Seng is  currently  the  Deputy  Head  of  Energy  Division  of  T7  global Berhad. He joined the group in 2015, heading the specialist products and technology (sPT) segment of the Energy Division.

He has more than 20 years of experience in operations, products and business development in the oil and gas industry. He holds a Bachelor of science in Business Administration from Central Missouri state University, United states of America.

He is the brother of Tan sri Datuk seri Tan Kean soon, J.P ., the Executive Deputy Chairman and major shareholder of the Company.

## Noor haNIZa bINTI ZaINUddIN

Head of Group Quality, Health, Safety and Environment ( 'QhSe'

)    I    Malaysian    I    Age 43    I    Female    I

<!-- image -->

## Notes:

save as disclosed above, none of the members of the senior management team has:

1. any directorship in public companies and listed issuers;
2. any family relationship with any directors and/or major shareholders of the Company unless otherwise stated;
3. any conflict of interest with the Company;
4. any conviction for offences (other than traffic offences) within the past five (5) years; and
5. any public sanction or penalty imposed by the relevant regulatory bodies during the financial year.

Noor haniza binti Zainuddin is currently the Head of group QHsE. she joined Tanjung Offshore services sdn. Bhd., a wholly owned subsidiary of T7 global Berhad in 2007 as a HsE Executive.

she holds a Bachelor's Degree in Chemical Engineering from the Universiti sains Malaysia (UsM) and Executive Master in safety, Health and Environment from Universiti Malaysia Pahang (UMP).

she  has  more  than  17  years  of  experience  in  QHsE  and  currently  leads  the  group's QHsE and Licensing Department. she progressed through various projects onshore and offshore in HsE roles, set up the isO 9001, isO 45001 and isO 14001 for the group of T7 global since 2007 and appointed as a Management Representative (MR) for the QHsE Management system. she is Certified safety, Health &amp; Officer (sHO) by DOsH, Certified Environmental  Professional  in  scheduled  Waste  Management  (CepsWaM)  by  EiMAs, Quality Management system (QMs) Lead Auditor, Train the Trainer (TTT) and also a member of Board of Engineers Malaysia.

## KeY SeNIor MaNaGeMeNT ProFIle

(CONT'D)

## meSSaGe from Group ChIef eXeCutIve offICer

## I  am pleased to present our 2022 Sustainability Statement detailing our eSG management and initiatives undertaken in the current year and our ongoing sustainability journey.

The year 2022 saw the reopening of global economies as the COViD-19  situation  became  more  endemic.  Consequently oil  &amp;  gas activities remained robust during the year and the group recorded 4 million manhours without loss time due to injury. We remain absolutely committed to the wellbeing of our employees and our contractors. i am proud of our teams for keeping health and safety our top priority.

There are increasing calls for action on better Esg practices and governance to address ongoing issues such as rising material costs  and  better  environmental  practices.  in  this  regard,  we have further embedded Esg practices into our operations.

We  engage  regularly  with  our  stakeholders  to  understand their Esg related initiatives, commitments and targets. With that  in  mind,  we  have  set  out  an  integrated  approach  to balance  our  passion  and  to  create  a  positive  environment within our community, whilst also delivering on our promise of value creation for our shareholders. Our decision making now factors in several Esg criteria, with the objective of having a responsible assessment of our activities.

With  the  Bayan  Mobile  Offshore  Production  Unit  (MOPU) (named TsEVEN ELisE) safely delivered at Bayan Field, our focus in 2023 will be on the successful completion of the Nong Yao MOPU. Our priority is to ensure that our projects have minimal  impact  to  the  environment,  yet  remaining  practical and economical. We will continue to do our part to preserve the planet and people with our continuous Esg efforts.

Our objective is to manage  our business to achieve sustainable  growth  which  is  in  line  with  our  sustainability framework and to meet the expectations of regulatory bodies to ensure transparent Esg disclosures. During the year, i am glad to report that we have proactively transitioned towards adopting and implementing stringent sustainability reporting based on best energy industry  standards,  identified  4  new key  material  matters  and  established  a  sustainability  policy which is synchronised with the UNsDgs. Finally, we have also adopted a new UNsDg 13 for Climate Action to align with our commitment to combat climate change and addressing potential environmental impact from our operations.

We will continue to adhere to all applicable laws and regulations in  our  businesses  in  order  to  maintain  high  standards  of corporate  governance  with  zero  tolerance  against  bribery, corruption and unethical conduct. Our whistleblowing functions are robust with zero legal action on anti-competitive behaviour and zero violation of legislations recorded in 2022.

As  an  upcoming  player  in  the  energy  industry  in  Asia,  we continue to invest in human capital and safety training to ensure a  productive  workforce  and  business  continuity.  The  group also recorded higher financial performance in 2022 with total economic value generated at RM20 million, an increase of 55% year on year. The commendable performance was attributable to  the  focus  and  dedication  of  our  top  management  and employees towards to the group.

As we move into a new year, we value the strong support from various  stakeholders.  My  appreciation  goes  to  our  Board, management and employees as well as all stakeholders for their continuous support and dedication throughout the year. i believe that our future generation will have a better future if we all prioritise sustainability in our practices.

## Tan Kay Zhuin

<!-- image -->

## about thIS SuStaInabIlItY report

## Making a difference Sustainably

We  are  pleased  to  present  T7  global  Berhad's  ( 'T7  Global' or 'the  Group' ) financial  year  ended  ( 'FYe' )  2022  sustainability  statement  (the 'Sustainability Statement' ) which encapsulates how we approach our Environmental, social, and governance ( 'eSG' ) topics, goals, and performances. This sustainability statement serves as a communication tool that provides stakeholders with a comprehensive overview of our sustainability progress, strategy, framework and initiatives, along with how we generate sustainable value.

The sustainability statement reflects the group's unwavering dedication to advancing sustainability  and  fostering  openness  in  our  Energy,  Aerospace  &amp;  Defence  and Construction businesses. By consistently reporting and engaging with stakeholders, the group aims to enhance our sustainability performance while offering reliable asset management  solutions  for  complex  greenfield  and  brownfield  projects,  working towards a sustainable future.

## aboUT ThIS SUSTaINabIlITY rePorT

(CONT'D)

## The hIGhlIGhTS oF oUr SUSTaINabIlITY JoUrNeY

For FYE 2022, we have proactively transitioned towards adopting and implementing stringent sustainability reporting based on the best energy industry standards. such reporting aims to provide meaningful disclosure and reflect our commitment to promoting sustainable integrated solutions. Beyond this, T7 global has also achieved several key milestones this reporting year, furthering our commitments to develop sustainable engineering solutions.

We conducted a materiality assessment which led to identifying four (4) new key material matters, allowing us to better understand and manage our material matters. To ensure our sustainability commitments are steered in the appropriate direction, we also established a sustainability policy. Our policy aims to synchronise our goals and targets with the United Nations sustainable Development goals ( 'UN SdGs' ) throughout the entire organisation, starting at the Board level and cascading down.

As a player in the energy and aerospace sectors, we also adopted UN sDg 13: Climate Action to align with our commitment to combating climate change and addressing our integrated operations' potential environmental impact. Through analysis and disclosure of our direct scope 1 and indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas ( 'GhG' ) emissions, T7 global better understands our carbon footprint and seeks to implement the proper mitigation measures.

## reporting Scope and boundary

gRi 2-1 | 2-2 | 2-3 | 2-6

Our sustainability statement has been prepared for FYE 2022 which discloses data obtained from T7 global and our business segments from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022. The Esg disclosures in our statement cover the following:

- i. T7 global Berhad: Head office
- ii. Energy Division
- iii. Aerospace &amp; Defence Division
- iv. Construction Division

## rePorTING FraMeWorK

T7 global's sustainability statement has been prepared with reference to Bursa Malaysia securities Berhad Main Market Listing Requirements ( 'MMlr' ),  the  sustainability Reporting guide (3 rd   edition) issued by Bursa Malaysia securities Berhad, and FTsE4good Bursa Malaysia ( 'F4GbM' ). Our statement is also guided by the global Reporting initiative ( 'GrI' ) standards, our support for the UN sDgs and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures ( 'TCFd' ) recommendations. These guidelines ensure transparent and reliable reporting with regard to our sustainability performance and goals.

## assurance Statement

gRi 2-5

The sustainability indicators disclosed within this report have been internally sourced, verified and validated by the respective divisions and information owners. T7 global strives to improve our data collection and analysis processes to enhance data accuracy and quality. Thus, we aim to incorporate third-party assurance in the future.

## Feedback

gRi 2-3

To continuously enhance our disclosures and sustainability practises for meaningful reporting, we greatly value feedback from our esteemed stakeholders. should you have any queries, do not hesitate to contact us at corpcomm@t7global.com.my.

2022

2020

2018

## SuStaInabIlItY JourneY

- Adopted	UN	SDG	13:	Climate	Action	to	reflect	the	Group's	commitment to reach Net-Zero Carbon Emissions by 2050
- Conducted	a	Gap	Analysis	againt	GRI	Standards
- Established	a	Sustainability	Policy
- Developed	a	Terms	of	Reference	for	the	Sustainability	Committee
- Conducted	 a	 Materiality	 Assessment	 and	 identified	 4	 new	 Material sustainability Matters
- Adopted	4	UN	SDGs
- Established	Sustainability	Framework
- Established	3-tiered	Sustainablity	Governance	Structure
- Generated	a	Materiality	Matrix
- Introduced	the	Emission	Management	Plan	for	the	proper	management of gHg emissions within operations
- Adopted	the	Waste	Management	System	('WMS')	Policy
- Adopted	Corporate	Disclosure	Policy	and	Procedures
- Introduced	the	Anti-Bribery	and	Anti-Corruption	Policy
- Enhanced	the	Whistleblowing	Policy	and	Procedure
- Distributed	63,000	pieces	of	masks	during	the	height	of	the	COVID-19 pandemic
- Launched	 an	 environmental campaign	 to strongly emphasise	 the importance of recycling waste material
- Successfully	miigrated	to	ISO	45001:2018	from	OSHAS	18001:2007
- Launched	an	environmental	awareness	campaign	-	'Throw	in	the	Right Bin' in July 2019
- Launched	 an	 environmental	 awareness	 campaign	 -	 'Bring	 Your	 Own Bag' on April 23, 2018
- Launched	cancer	awareness	campaign	in	October	2018	with	MAKNA
- Produced	our	first	Sustainability	Statement
- Identified	6	Stakeholder	Groups
- Converted	 a	 submerged	 structure	 into	 an	 artificial	 reef	 and	 installed	 it at a designated coastal area near Pulau Kapas in Marang, Terengganu through the Rig-To-Reef Programme.
- Donated	RM200,000	to	SK	Orang	Asli	Sungai	Berua	in	Hulu	Terengganu
- Was	successfully	accredited	with	ISO	9001:2015,	ISO	14991:2015	and OHsAs 18001:2007 certification

2021

2019

<!-- image -->

## SUSTaINabIlITY JoUrNeY

(CONT'D)

## Enhanced our ESG Framework

New Material sustainablity Matters

<!-- image -->

Economic Value generated

<!-- image -->

## Developed a Sustainability Policy

<!-- image -->

-  Waste	Management
- Biodiversity
- Data	Privacy	and	Security
-  Water	Management

Economic Value Retained

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

19 % increase

300

Bamboos Planted at UMW High Value Manufacturing Park

55 % increase

<!-- image -->

Community Development and investment

RM24,500 to schools and food relief

World-class safety performance

4.4 million zero

manhours with Lost Time injury

Training Hours

3,594.5 2021: 2030.5 hours

<!-- image -->

77 % increase

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SuStaInabIlItY approaCh

sustainability has been a fundamental aspect of T7 global's strategy since our inception, and we recognise how it has rapidly developed into an essential factor affecting all business sectors. in light of this, T7 global remains dedicated to comprehending and incorporating sustainable practices into our business strategy to strike a balance between our shareholders, employees and society at large which is crucial to the longevity of our business.

## eSG Framework

gRi 2-22

Our Esg Framework provides a structured approach that guides the group's strategic decisions and actions to achieve our vision and mission. The framework is built on the three pillars of Value Creation, Environment, and People First which link material sustainability matters to UN sDgs for the benefit of both the group and our key stakeholders.

<!-- image -->

To be a trusted partner which makes a difference on the global stage

## Value Creation

Perform profitably to drive value creation and sustainable returns for our shareholders

## Material Sustainability Matters

- Reliable	&amp;	Efficient	Operations
- Governance	&amp;	Business	Ethics
- Economic	Performance	&amp;	Impact
- Data	Privacy	&amp;	Security
- Digital	Transformation

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

International

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

To be a integrated solutions provider for the industries we serve

To be a net-zero carbon emissions company by 2050

## environment

sustainable approach to ensure efficient use of natural resources and seek to minimise our environment impact

## Material Sustainability Matters

- Waste	Management
- GHG	&amp;	Climate	Resilience
- Biodiversity
- Energy	Management
- Water	Management

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Stakeholders

<!-- image -->

National

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## our alignment

Guideline

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

To enhance shareholder value while being conscious of the environment and our people's development

## People First

Responsible corporate citizenship where we take care of our employees by providing a safe and progressive working environment whilst contributing meaningfully to the local community

## Material Sustainability Matters

- Occupational	Health	&amp;	Safety
- Supply	Chain	Management
- Community	Development	&amp;	Investment
- Workforce	Diversity	&amp;	Inclusivity
- Employee	Recruitment,	Development	&amp; Retention

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SUSTaINabIlITY aPProaCh

(CONT'D)

## Sustainability Governance Structure

gRi 2-9 | 2-10 | 2-11 | 2-12 | 2-13 | 2-14 | 2-17 | 2-18

<!-- image -->

The group's three-tiered governance structure is headed by the Board of Directors ( 'the board' ) which provides leadership and oversight of the group sustainability Committee ( 'GSC' ) and the Business Units ( 'bU' ).

T7  global  recognises  the  critical  role  of  the  Board  in  overseeing  our  business  practices,  including  the  development  and implementation of our sustainability strategy. The Board works to identify and manage the group's Esg risks and opportunities and approve sustainability policies and material matters. Additionally, the Board maintains transparency and accountability throughout the organisation, and makes informed decisions through effective governance systems.

The gsC advises the Board on Esg initiatives and oversees the BU's implementation of approved strategies in day-to-day operations. At the same time, the BU engages with stakeholders, monitors sustainability performance, and reports to the gsC.

T7 global upholds a robust corporate governance standard by ensuring that five (5) out of eight (8) members of the Board are independent Directors. The group abides by the regulatory mandate that requires either two (2) Directors or one-third (1/3) of the Board, whichever is higher, to be independent Directors. T7 global's independent Directors are chosen through a rigorous selection process based on their independence and compliance with the independence criteria outlined in the Bursa Malaysia securities Berhad Main Market Listing Requirements.

The group ensures that none of the independent Directors has served the group for more than nine (9) years to bolster our corporate governance practices. Though there is no formal policy in place to limit the tenure of independent directors to this duration, T7 global recognises that Board diversity, including gender, background, skill sets and industry experience is essential to achieving success.

## Sustainability Governance Structure (cont'd)

gRi 2-9 | 2-10 | 2-11 | 2-12 | 2-13 | 2-14 | 2-17 | 2-18

The Board is composed of five (5) non-executive and three (3) executive members. A majority of our Board members possess extensive experience in the oil and gas and aerospace industries, providing valuable insight into the decision-making process. T7 global is dedicated to promoting diversity and inclusion in our Board composition, recognising that diverse perspectives and backgrounds contribute to impartial decision-making and effective governance. Hence, the group strives to ensure that our Board includes male and female representation.

## Sustainability Policy

gRi 2-23 | 2-24

The group is dedicated to integrating sustainable development into our corporate culture. in recognition of the importance of sustainability and mitigating climate change, the group established a sustainability Policy in 2022 to guide us in strategically managing our risks and opportunities and integrating sustainable practises into our operations.

in order to create long-term value for our stakeholders, this policy was established to identify relevant Esg indicators and incorporate  sustainability  into  daily  operations  and  decision-making  throughout  our  value  chain.  it  also  aims  to  align  the group's strategies with pertinent international sustainability principles including the UN sDgs.

The policy has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors and is subject to periodic revisions to reflect any updates in the group's sustainability practices. T7 global's business divisions and related third parties working with or on behalf of the group, are subject to the sustainability Policy.

## T7 Global berhad SUSTaINabIlITY PolICY

<!-- image -->

## Value Creation

T7 global is committed to sustaining excellence in our everyday operations, creating confidence in the group's governance systems and social license to operate. The group is committed to upholding the highest levels of integrity, ethical behaviour, and good corporate governance procedures.

## environmental Sustainability

T7 global acknowledges the significance of operating in an environmentally responsible  way  and  aims  to  reduce  our  environmental  impact  through efficient  energy  management and sustainable water and material use. We are committed to incorporating monitoring systems to identify climate-related risks and consequently evaluate and improve our environmental performance to build climate resilience across our operations.

## People First

We uphold  universal  human  rights  by  adhering  to  international  standards such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the iLO Declaration. As a responsible corporate citizen, we prioritise employee well-being through the  implementation  of  health  and  safety  best  practices  and  by  promoting diversity and inclusivity.

## SUSTaINabIlITY aPProaCh

(CONT'D)

## SUSTaINabIlITY aPProaCh

(CONT'D)

## Task Force on Climate-related Financial disclosures (TCFd) reporting recommendations

gRi 201-2

Climate change is a significant global threat and its effects are taking place at an alarming rate. As a result, there has been a growing sense of urgency to address the effects of climate change over the past few years.

in support of the Paris Agreement on Climate Change aimed at limiting the average increase of global temperatures to 1.5°C, T7 global aims to reduce our carbon footprint. We are guided by the TCFD recommendations to communicate our climaterelated disclosures covering the governance, strategy, risk management and metrics and targets pillars.

## Governance

## Strategy

## risk Management

## Metrics and Targets

Climate-related risks are the potential negative impacts of climate change on a company, while climate-related opportunities are the potential positive impacts. At T7 global, the Board of Directors ( 'the board' ) oversees climate-related risks and opportunities. During Board meetings, sustainability-related topics, including climate-related risks, are reviewed and discussed. At the management level, the group sustainability Committee ( 'GSC' ) assists the Board in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities.

We are currently assessing the extent to which the effects of climate change will affect our business and our wide range of stakeholders. To do so, we are identifying the main climate change risks to which T7 global is exposed that we believe may have shortto  long-term  effects  on  the  group.  in  2022,  we  conducted  a  materiality  assessment that  provided  the  basis  for  T7  global's  climate  and  sustainability  strategies  and  our subsequent Esg performance measures of their success. Additionally, we have adopted a  sustainability  Policy  with  climate  risk  mitigation  elements  to  guide  us  in  performing sustainable business operations.

The group identifies, assesses and manages current and emerging climate-related risks through our Risk Management Framework. in 2022, we conducted a risk assessment on climate change and identified it as a component of the group's risk universe.

since 2020, we monitored our scope 1 and scope 2 gHg emissions and will report them for the first time in FYE 2022. We also identified all our contributions to climate change via our energy and water consumption over the past three years. Additionally, we have an Emissions Management Plan in which we set KPis, formed baselines, tracked daily emissions, and developed emission reduction strategies.

## The GroUP'S CoNTrIbUTIoN To The UN SdGS

T7 global aligns our activities with the UN sDgs, reflecting our values and focus on society's critical challenges. We remain dedicated to the core areas of UN sDg 3 (good Health and Well-Being), sDg 5 (gender Equality) sDg 8 (Decent Work and Economic growth) and sDg 14 (Life Below Water), as these remain pertinent to our operations. To further bolster our sustainability journey this year, we included sDg 13 (Climate Action) as part of our commitment to reach net zero by 2050.

## UN SdG 3:

## Good health and Well-being

Promote  the  health  and  well-being  of  employees, contractors and communities through a strong QHsE culture.

<!-- image -->

## UN SdG 8:

## decent Work and economic Growth

safeguard the rights of workers according to international standards and investing in developing a pool of local talent.

<!-- image -->

## UN SdG 14:

## life below Water

Protect  and  strengthen  the  health  and  resiliency  of marine ecosystems through reef conservation efforts.

<!-- image -->

## UN SdG 5:

## Gender equality

Proactively  encourage  female  participation  in  the energy  industry  and  enable  their  access  to  equal opportunities for leadership.

<!-- image -->

## UN SdG 13:

## Climate action

Committed to reaching net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 through proper management of gHg within our operations.

<!-- image -->

## SUSTaINabIlITY aPProaCh

(CONT'D)

## SUSTaINabIlITY aPProaCh

(CONT'D)

## STaKeholder eNGaGeMeNT

gRi 2-29 | 3-3

A critical aspect of our sustainability strategy is the incorporation of stakeholder perspectives. We maintain close relationships with  our  stakeholders  to  have  a  comprehensive  understanding  of  their  diverse  opinions  and  changing  needs  across  our business operations.

By  incorporating  stakeholder  insights  into  our  business  plans  and  strategies,  we  are  able  to  create  long-term  value.  We continually communicate with stakeholders through various channels, address their concerns and align our business strategy with their key priorities. The result of this engagement helps us identify market trends, anticipate potential challenges and align our sustainability efforts with the broader interests of the economy, society and environment.

| Stakeholders  area of Interest  engagement  Channels  Frequency  Shareholder/Investors  Financial performance  Annual Report  Annual general Meetings  investor Relations Website  Press release  Annually  Annually  Quarterly  Regularly  governance and  management  Annual general Meetings  Annually  Corporate social  responsibility  Annual Report  Annually  Regulatory compliance  investor Relations Website  Throughout the year  Dividend policy  Annual general Meetings  Annually  Government and  regulators  Legal compliance  Regular reporting  Regulatory affairs and  compliance teams  According to regulatory  inquiries  Transparency  Regular reporting  Regulatory affairs and  compliance teams  According to regulatory  inquiries  Ethics and social  responsibility  Regular communications via  phone calls, emails or in-  person meetings  Quarterly  Annually  employees  Opportunities for growth and  development  Training and development  programmes  Throughout the year  Work-life balance  Employee feedback and  survey  Throughout the year  Workplace culture  in-person meetings  Throughout the year  Communication and  feedback  Employee feedback and  survey  Throughout the year  Customers  Quality of products and  services  Communication via email,  phone and social media  Bi-weekly  Customer support  Communication via email,  phone, and social media  As and when required  Transparency  Communication via email,  phone, and social media  As and when required   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUSTaINabIlITY aPProaCh

(CONT'D)

| Stakeholders  area of Interest  engagement  Channels  Frequency  Suppliers, Contractors,  Payment terms  supplier portals  Weekly  and Vendors  Communications  Regular communication via  phone calls, emails or video  conferencing  supplier portals  supplier events  Daily  As and when required  Quality standards  Annual performance review  Annually  Production schedule  Regular communications via  phone calls, emails, or video  conferencing  Weekly  business Partners  Contract term  Business review meetings  Quarterly  Quality and consistency  survey and feedback  mechanisms  Joint innovation  Monthly  Business compliance  Business review meetings  Quarterly  Brand reputation  Joint sustainability initiatives  Monthly  local Communities  Environmental impact  sustainability Report  Annually  social impact  sustainability Report  Community engagement  programme  social media  Annually  As and when required  Regularly   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MaTerIal aSSeSSMeNT

## Materiality assessment

gRi 3-1

T7 global adopts a systematic approach to identify material topics that represent the most significant impact on our stakeholders and business operations. it is through regularly conducting a comprehensive materiality assessment that we achieve an indepth understanding of our materiality matters, allowing us to align our sustainability framework to specific focus areas and ensuring a clear and focused approach towards sustainability.

## 1. Identification

Material sustainability matters from FYE2022 were identified according to their relevance to the group's risk and opportunities. These material sustainability matters were adjusted to better represent the group's current policies.

## 2. Prioritisation

Material of the sustainability Committee were engaged using appropriate survery tools to rank material sustainability matters in terms of importance to the business.

## 3. Validation

The responses were collected and analysed to develop a materiality matrix that depicts the ranking of each material sustainability matter. The matrix is presented to the Board for verification.

## MaTerIal aSSeSSMeNT

(CONT'D)

## Materiality Matrix

gRi 3-1 | 3-2

<!-- image -->

## Importance to the Group

## environment

5.  Waste Management
6.  gHg and Climate Resilience
7.  Biodiversity
12.  Energy Management
15.  Water Management

## Value Creation

1.  Reliable and Efficient Operation
2.  governance and Business Ethics
4.  Economic Performance and impact
8.  Data Privacy and security
14.  Digital Transformation

## People First

3.  Occupational Health and safety
9.  supply Chain Management
10.  Community Development and investment
11.  Workforce Diversity and inclusivity
13.  Employee Recruitment, Development and Retention

in FYE 2022, four (4) new material sustainability matters have been identified which are Waste Management, Water Management, Data Privacy and security, and Biodiversity. Our top five (5) material sustainability matters that were most important to business operations and stakeholders include Reliable and Efficient Operations, governance and Business Ethics, Occupational Health and safety, Economic Performance and impact, and Waste Management. These key areas reflect the significant progress in our governance in recent years.

## Mapping of Material Matters

gRi 3-2 | 3-3

The table below highlights the interconnectedness between our three pillars, our material matters, respective gRi indicators, our stakeholders and relevant sDgs.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Pillars  UN SdGs  Material Matter  GrI Indicator  Stakeholder Group  Value  Creation  Reliable and Efficient  Operation  governance and  Business Ethics  Economic Performance  and impact  Data Privacy and security  Digital Transformation  2  : general  Disclosures  3  : Material Topics  201 : Economic  Performance  203 : indirect Economic  impacts  205 : Anti-Corruption  418 : Customer Privacy  shareholder/investors  government and  Regulators  Employees  Customers  suppliers, contractors  and vendors  Business Partners  environment  Waste Management  gHg and Climate  Resilience  Biodiversity  Energy Management  Water Management  2  : general  Disclosures  3  : Material Topics  302 : Energy  303 : Water and  Effluents  304 : Biodiversity  305 : Emissions  306 : Waste  shareholder/investors  government and  Regulators  Local Communities  People First  Occupational Health  and safety  supply Chain  Management  Community Development  and investment  Workforce Diversity and  inclusivity  Employee Recruitment,  Development and  Retention  2  : general  Disclosures  3  : Material Topics  204 : Procurement  Practices  401 : Employment  403 : Occupational  Health and safety  404 : Training and  Education  405 : Diversity and  Equal Opportunity  413 : Local  Communities  shareholder/investors  government and  Regulators  Employees  suppliers, contractors  and vendors  Local Communities  8  13  14  5   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MaTerIal aSSeSSMeNT

(CONT'D)

## Governance and business ethics

gRi 2-15 | 2-19 | 2-20 | 2-23 | 2-24 | 2-25 | 2-26 | 2-27 | 205-1 | 205-2 | 205-3

As T7 global expands its presence in southeast Asia, we believe it is crucial to maintain strong governance and uphold high ethical standards to meet the expectations of our shareholders. Our policies and compliance standards are the cornerstone of our operations and we ensure that they are supported by multiple layers of oversight from the Board, Management and employees.

Our Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, Whistle-Blowing Policy and Procedures and Code of Ethics and Conduct are all effectively communicated and implemented across the group. We also provide annual training for our directors, employees, suppliers  and  shareholders  to  ensure  compliance  with  these  policies  and  make  the  policies  accessible  on  our  corporate website.  Moreover,  we  also  established  a  hotline  and  email  channel  to  provide  confidentiality  and  encourage  open-door communication for employees to report their concerns.

Our efforts have been successful, as there were no reported cases of corruption or bribery, zero reports made through our Whistleblowing system, and zero instances of non-compliance with our Code of Ethics and Conduct for FYE 2022.

| T7 Global Policies  description  GrI disclosure  Code of Ethics and  Conduct  Outlines  the  fundamental  principles  and  ethical  standards  for  all  members of the group and serves as a framework for strong corporate  integrity and professionalism.  2-23, 2-24  Anti-Bribery and Anti-  Corruption Policy  Outlines  our  zero-tolerance  approach  to  bribery  and  corruption  and  demonstrates  our  determination  to  operate  in  an  ethical  and  transparent manner in our business activities.  2-24, 205-1,  205-2  Whistle-Blowing Policy  and Procedure  Provides  a  confidential  mechanism  for  employees  to  report  any  suspected misconduct which is then investigated by the organisation  to ensure appropriate action is taken.  2-24, 2-26  Conflicts of interest Policy  The Conflicts of interest Policy requires all members to prioritise the  interests  of  the  group  over  their  personal  interests  to  maintain  the  integrity of the group's operations.  2-15, 2-24  Policies and Procedures  to Assess the suitability,  Objectivity and  independence of External  Auditors  Evaluation of the objectivity and independence of external auditors.  2-5, 2-24  Remuneration Policies  guidelines  on  how  executive  and  non-executive  directors  are  compensated for their contributions to the group.  2-19, 2-20, 2-24  Directorship Policy  A policy to limit the holding of directorships in non-affiliated, for-profit  organisations to prevent conflicts of interest.  2-10, 2-15, 2-17,  2-18, 2-24  Asset Policy  A policy to protect the group's assets and ensure efficient usage to  create value for stakeholders.  2-24  Corporate Disclosure  Policy  The  group's  Corporate  Disclosure  Policy  is  reviewed  and  updated  annually  to  ensure  accurate  and  transparent  disclosure  of  essential  information for informed investment decisions.  2-24  sustainability Policy  To identify relevant Esg indicators and incorporate sustainability into  daily operations and decision-making throughout our value chain.  2-24  Policy on gender Diversity  To achieve diversity at the Board and executive levels for the sustainable  development of the group.  2-9, 2-24, 405-1  Related Party Transaction  To ensure that all related party transactions undertaken by the group  are  carried  out  fairly  and  in  accordance  with  typical  commercial  practices, which will not harm the interests of the group and its minority  shareholders.  2-24   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Detailed policies are publicly available on our website at www.t7global.com.my.

## value CreatIon

<!-- image -->

## reliable and efficient operations

gRi 3-3

Ensuring  the  long-term  success  of  our  business  requires  effective  risk  management,  which  is  crucial  to  maintaining  the confidence and trust of our stakeholders. Our group Risk Management Framework provides a comprehensive and systematic approach to identifying, measuring, and mitigating risks and opportunities. The accompanying table summarises our key risks related to our material sustainability matters.

<!-- image -->

T7  global  places  great  importance  on  ensuring  the  reliability  and  efficiency  of  our  operations,  with  a  particular  focus  on safeguarding our People, Environment, Asset and Reputation ( 'Pear' ). By implementing stringent procedures and mitigating risk through our risk management approach, we can maintain high performance levels. Our Risk Management system which monitors our day-to-day activities across business units and corporate functions, plays a vital role in preventing unsustainable and unsafe acts, in addition to identifying and controlling threats to our capital and earning potential. This comprehensive approach allows us to operate with confidence and integrity, delivering results that benefit both our clients and our organisation. The accompanying table summarises our PEAR risks related to our material sustainability matters.

<!-- image -->

## ValUe CreaTIoN

(CONT'D)

## reliable and efficient operations (cont'd)

gRi 3-3

## risks

## environmental risks

improper  handling  of  refined  hydrocarbons  and toxic substances, boat collisions, gas leaks, and inadequate training can lead to severe environmental  hazards,  emphasising  the  need for appropriate safety measures to ensure sustainability.

## related SdGs:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## risks To our assets

improper training and extreme weather conditions can result in structural, component, and equipment damage,  which  poses  a  significant  risk  to  both people  and  the  environment.  Additionally,  data privacy and security risks may lead to the loss of sensitive  data,  intellectual  property,  and  financial losses.

## related SdGs:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## reputational risks

Reduced  investor  confidence  and  legal  action may arise from workplace hazards, such as fires, COViD-19 infections,  toxic  pollution,  and  unsafe conditions, underscoring the importance of implementing risk management strategies.

## related SdGs:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## our action

## Control barriers

To  prevent  such  risks,  we  conduct  risk  assessments,  practise housekeeping, segregate storage areas, use warning signages and barricades,  supervise  regularly,  provide  training  and  awareness  of handling, validate maintenance tags, and utilise collision avoidance systems.

## recovery barriers

We ensure that we have established effective recovery barriers and minimised the impact of incidents by implementing measures such as keeping an emergency spill kit readily available, using secondary containment measures, and disposing of contaminated items such as hazardous waste in accordance with relevant regulations.

## Control barriers

To prevent or minimise such risks and ensure the safety and security of  assets  and  personnel,  we  implement  crucial  control  barriers, including regular supervision, proper training and awareness, routine equipment  inspections,  continuous  weather  monitoring,  weather limitation parameters, secondary communication channels, licenses to  operate,  a  planned  maintenance  system,  security  surveillance, and a data privacy and security system.

## recovery barriers

We actively inform and monitor any abnormal situations and conduct security checks, taking prompt action to prevent further damage to the environment and assets to ensure quick recovery from potential losses caused by asset risks.

## Control barriers

Effective risk management includes establishing a code of conduct, complying  with  laws  and  regulations,  and  communicating  with stakeholders to manage reputational risks.

## recovery barriers

Establishing  clear  communication  channels,  conducting  thorough investigations to identify  root  causes,  implementing  corrective actions to prevent future incidents, and analysing and communicating findings  promptly  and  transparently  can  help  rebuild  trust  and maintain a positive reputation.

## economic Performance and Impact

gRi 3-3 | 201-1 | 203-1 | 203-2

<!-- image -->

We are pleased to report that T7 global has achieved impressive financial results for FYE 2022. Our sustained commitment to  operational  efficiency  and  Esg  integration  has  enabled  us  to  achieve  robust  growth  and  maintain  strong  margins.  For FYE 2022, T7 global's revenue surged by approximately 18.8% to approximately RM363 million, with a 55.5% increase in Economic Value Retained.

## data Privacy and Security

gRi 3-3 | 418-1

T7 global is dedicated to ensuring the privacy and security of personal and confidential data, both in our possession and in the possession of our customers and stakeholders. We understand the importance of protecting sensitive information and implemented robust processes, procedures and controls to safeguard against data breaches, unauthorised access and theft.

## T7 Global's data Privacy and Security

<!-- image -->

## ValUe CreaTIoN

(CONT'D)

## ValUe CreaTIoN

(CONT'D)

## digital Transformation

gRi 3-3 | 418-1

The group is fully committed to embracing digital transformation as a key enabler of business resilience and sustainability. As a forward-thinking organisation, we recognise the importance of leveraging digital technologies to drive sustainable growth and deliver value to all our stakeholders, including customers, employees, shareholders and the wider community. We understand that  the  rapid  evolution  of  digital  technologies  and  shifting  market  dynamics  present  us  with  opportunities  to  harness digitalisation and drive growth towards a sustainable future. Our priority is to create value for all our stakeholders by proactively embracing digital technologies to enhance our performance, optimise operational excellence and support business growth.

At the core of our digital strategy is a commitment to foster a digital culture that aligns with our sustainability goals. We believe that digital transformation can play a key role in creating a more resilient and sustainable future for our organisation and the communities we serve.

To achieve our digital transformation objectives, we actively invest in digitalisation and developing our digital capabilities to stay ahead of the curve in the ever-changing energy landscape. Our approach involves connecting and managing all our key processes, including sales, purchasing and accounting. By centralising and streamlining these processes, we are enhancing our operational efficiency and improving our ability to deliver value to our stakeholders.

in  addition,  we  also  centralised  our  HR  management  system  to  optimise  our  human  capital  management  processes.  By leveraging digital technologies, we can better manage employee data, monitor performance and provide timely feedback to our teams. This approach enables us to foster a culture of continuous improvement and drive sustainable growth.

To further our efforts, we implemented a comprehensive document management system that guarantees the accessibility and security of essential information. such a system will enable us to organise, store and manage all our digital documents and data securely and efficiently, ultimately improving our decision-making processes and supporting our sustainability goals.

## ToWardS a NeT Zero FUTUre

T7  global  prioritises  environmental  sustainability  by  reducing  emissions  and  water  usage,  optimising  energy  and  waste generation,  and  supporting  biodiversity.  We  are  committed  to  minimising  our  environmental  impacts  while  maintaining economic performance and stakeholder commitment. Addressing climate change and managing our carbon footprint is a significant focus, and the group operates in an environmentally-conscious and sustainable manner.

in line with our environmental commitments, our disclosures will encompass data from our T7 global Berhad headquarters and three (3) business divisions. The Bayan Mobile Offshore Production Unit ( 'MoPU' ) will be leased to Petronas Carigali sdn. Bhd. upon becoming operational in 2023.

## GhG and Climate resilience

gRi 3-3 | 305-1 | 305-2

We are dedicated to achieving our net-zero carbon emission goals in upstream operations by 2050 by implementing an effective  decarbonisation  management  plan  to  lower  greenhouse  gas  ( 'GhG' )  emissions.  T7  global  has  established  an Emissions Management Plan for the Bayan MOPU project to track and monitor emissions resulting from flaring and venting once it becomes operational. The plan involves setting KPis, establishing baselines, monitoring daily emissions and creating strategies for emissions reduction.

## eMISSIoN MaNaGeMeNT PlaN

<!-- image -->

| ## leadership  •  Recognising	emissions	as	part	of	our	business  •  Setting	the	tone	right	from	the	top  •  Include	ESG	in	decision-making	criteria  •  Prioritise	and	focus	on	sustainability  ## Improve operational efficiencies  •  Review	and	reduce	generator	spinning	reserve  •  Reassess	operational	parameters	for	generator  load  •  Incremental	reduction	in	power	demand  ## Strategy  •  Minimise	and	justify	all	GHG	emissions  •  Actively	manage	-	not	accept  •  Invest	in	net	zero	carbon	projects  ## Monitoring  •  Digital	dashboard  •  Daily	emissions	monitoring	and	management  •  Analysis	as	part	of	normal	business  •  Additional	offshore	surveillance  •  Measuring	flare/CO2	losses  •  Establish	optimal	performance	as	baseline  ## Planning  •  Monthly	environmental	meetings	with	senior  management  •  Set	KPIs	for	environmental	performance  •  5-Year	plans	addressing	environmental  sustainability  ## Capital Investment  •  Identification,	assessment	and	implementation	of	opportunities	to	incrementally	change	the	carbon  intensity of our operations  ## Culture  •  Increase	focus	on	emissions  •  Use	cost	and	economic	parameters  •  Use	CO2	cost	in	operational	decisions  •  Understand	and	react	to	supply	chain	culture  •  Engage	environmental	teams	offshore	to  reduce waste  ## reduced Venting / Flaring  •  Reduce	trips  •  Improve	generator	reliability  •  Improve	compressor	reliability  - Manage	single	point	failure	systems   |
|---|

## envIronment

## eNVIroNMeNT

(CONT'D)

Scope 1 and 2 emission (tCO 2 e)

<!-- image -->

Fuel Consumption (l)

<!-- image -->

This year's total gHg emissions amounted to 158.5 tCO2e, indicating an increase of 30.6% from the previous year.

To gain a better understanding of where these emissions are coming from, we analysed our scope 1 and scope 2 emissions using the latest available emissions factor. scope 1 emissions which include direct emissions from our operations such as fuel (petrol) combustion, increased by 42% compared to the previous year. Meanwhile, our scope 2 emissions, which include indirect emissions from the consumption of purchased electricity increased by 23%.

By analysing our scope 1 and scope 2 emissions, we can identify the sources of our gHg emissions and develop strategies to reduce them. Moving forward, we are committed to implementing measures to mitigate our impact on the environment and work towards our decarbonisation goal.

## energy Management

gRi 3-3 | 302-1 | 302-3

T7 global recognises the importance of energy management in the short and long term. By decreasing energy consumption, we reduce costs and contribute to corporate social responsibility. As such, we plan to launch our Energy Efficiency Policy to guide us in our energy management initiatives.

## T7 Global berhad eNerGY eFFICIeNCY PolICY

<!-- image -->

## Purpose

Our company is committed to reducing energy consumption and improving energy efficiency in our operations. This policy outlines our goals and strategies for achieving these objectives.

## Goals

- Reduce energy consumption in our operations by 10% over the next five years.
- identify and implement energy efficiency measures that result in cost savings.
- Promote a culture of energy efficiency among our employees and stakeholders.

## Strategies

- Conduct regular energy audits to identify opportunities for energy savings.
- implement energy efficiency measures in our buildings, including lighting, HVAC, and other equipment.
- Encourage employees to adopt energy-efficient practices, such as turning off lights and equipment when not in use.
- incorporate energy efficiency considerations into our purchasing decisions, including selecting energy-efficient equipment and appliances.
- Promote the use of renewable energy sources where feasible.
- Monitor and report on our energy consumption and efficiency performance.

## responsibilities

- The company's management team is responsible for setting energy efficiency goals and providing the necessary resources to achieve them.
- All  employees  are  responsible  for  implementing  energy  efficiency  measures  in  their work areas and promoting a culture of energy efficiency.
- The  company's  energy  manager  is  responsible  for  conducting  energy  audits, implementing  energy  efficiency  measures,  and  monitoring  energy  consumption  and efficiency performance.

## Communication

- This policy will be communicated to all employees, stakeholders, and the public.
- Regular updates on the company's energy consumption and efficiency performance will be provided through annual reports and other communications channels.

## review

This policy will be reviewed annually to ensure that it remains relevant and effective. The company's energy efficiency goals and strategies will be updated as necessary to reflect changes in technology, regulations, and other factors.

## eNVIroNMeNT

(CONT'D)

## eNVIroNMeNT

(CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

energy Intensity (kWh/m 2 )

<!-- image -->

During FYE 2022, our T7 global Headquarters and business divisions experienced an increase in electricity consumption from 126,754 kWh to 155,985 kWh. This can be attributed to the acquisition of a new office for a recently awarded project.

## Waste Management

gRi 2-23 | 2-24 | 3-3 | 306-2 | 306-3 | 306-5

Optimal waste management is crucial to minimising the impacts of our daily operations. To this end, T7 global has aligned with the international Maritime Organisation  ( 'IMo' )  standards  and  complies  with  isO  14001  to  guide effective waste management across the group.

Our  Waste  Management  system  Policy  serves  as  the  foundation  of  our sustainability  efforts,  highlighting  our  commitment  to  responsible  waste management.  Regular  communication  with  employees  and  annual  waste awareness campaigns ensure that waste management is an essential part of our culture.

in  FYE  2022,  our  Bayan  MOPU  generated  6  tonnes  of  scheduled  waste primarily from our Hook-Up and Commissioning ( 'hUC' ) activities, and 10.4 tonnes of non-scheduled waste.

electricity Consumption (kWh)

<!-- image -->

## Water Management

gRi 3-3 | 303-1 | 303-5

T7 global utilises water primarily for potable purposes and for production operations at our various onshore and offshore sites. As such, we recognise the importance of effective water management and implemented water-efficiency measures across our various business units.  We believe it is crucial to increase our water efficiency to ensure our systems run efficiently with minimal environmental impact.

## Water Consumption

(m 3

)

<!-- image -->

Due to COViD-19 restrictions in FYE 2020, our water consumption was initially low but increased steadily as operations resumed, resulting in a 37% year-on-year increase to 220,878 m 3  in the current reporting period.

## biodiversity

gRi 2-27 | 3-3 | 304-1 | 304-2 | 304-3

We understand the importance of preserving the natural world and recognise our role in protecting biodiversity. We take this responsibility seriously and have taken steps to ensure that we minimise the harm our operations may have on the environment.

## energy division

An Environmental impact Assessment ( 'eIa' ) approved by the Department of Environment ( 'doe' ) was conducted prior to our Bayan MOPU development. This rigorous assessment ensured that any potential negative impacts on the environment, such as disturbances to the seabed habitat, were identified and minimised.

To further demonstrate our commitment to environmental stewardship, we developed an Environmental Management Plan ( 'eMP' ) for the Bayan MOPU project which serves as a comprehensive guide for managing environmental matters throughout the project's execution and operation phases. it outlines strategies for minimising potential environmental impacts, such as the implementation of best practices for waste management, spill prevention and response, and habitat restoration. The EMP also includes a comprehensive monitoring and compliance programme, which ensures that our operations are always in line with environmental regulations and our own internal standards.

## aerospace &amp; defence division

On the 14th of December 2022, we collaborated with UMW to cultivate 300 bamboo saplings throughout the UMW High Value Manufacturing ( 'hVM' ) Park to contribute to the park's existing green certification status. The bamboo saplings were carefully planted in designated areas throughout the park to enhance the surrounding green space, reduce noise and dust, and improve air quality.

## eNVIroNMeNT

(CONT'D)

## eNVIroNMeNT

(CONT'D)

## T7 aeroTech UMW CSr bamboo Trees Planting at UMW hVM Park

<!-- image -->

## people fIrSt

Our people are the driving force behind our success as an organisation. We strive to create a safe and inclusive culture where employees feel valued while supporting them in building fulfilling careers here at T7 global. To this end, we emphasise work-life balance as part of our corporate culture and encourage the development of new talent and future-proof skills for the betterment of the organisation as a whole.

## occupational health and Safety

gRi 3-3 | 403-1 | 403-2 | 403-3 | 403-4 | 403-5 | 403-6 | 403-7 | 403-8 | 403-9 | 403-10

At T7 global, we place the health and well-being of our employees at the heart of our business operations. Over the last few years, we have consistently achieved top-quartile Quality, Health, safety, and Environment ( 'QhSe' ) performance across our operating locations. This performance is the result of steadfast dedication to QHsE at every level of our organisation.

Our QHsE Management system serves as a roadmap for identifying, controlling, and mitigating risks, as well as deriving Key Performance indicators ( 'KPIs' ) for each business unit. By following this process, we can achieve enhanced business resilience,  reduce  operational  incidents  and  ultimately  provide  a  safer  working  environment  for  our  staff,  contractors  and nearby communities. To maintain the excellence of our QHsE Management system, we continually assess the system for opportunities to improve.

T7 global complies with multiple international standards in managing, planning and delivering our products and services such as isO 9001:2015 (Quality Management system), isO 45001:2018 (Occupational Health and safety Management system), isO 14001:2015 (Environmental Management system) and As9100D which is a quality management system for the aerospace industry, applicable to our aerospace operation T7 AeroTech.

| our Certifications  operations  ISo 9001:2015  ISo 14001:2015  ISo 45001:2018  aS9100d  T7 global Berhad  √  √  √  Tanjung Offshore  services sdn. Bhd.  (  'ToSSb'  )  √  √  √  T7 gastec  sdn. Bhd.  √  √  √  T7 Wenmax  sdn. Bhd.  √  T7 Kemuncak  sdn. Bhd.  √  T7 AeroTech  sdn. Bhd.  √   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Additionally, to ensure a safe workplace, we expect our contractors to comply with our QHsE requirements and we evaluate every contract based on the nature of the risk. Contracts with a high degree of risk are subject to additional scrutiny, including pre-qualification reviews and ongoing evaluations with contractor representatives.

## PeoPle FIrST

(CONT'D)

## Fostering a Safe Culture at Workplace

We take a preventive approach to safety measures with the primary goal of obtaining zero operational incidents. Achieving this requires that potential risks be recognised, managed and reduced at the commencement of every operation which ultimately improves our QHsE performance and makes the workplace safer for everyone. The group considers continuous training to be highly beneficial as it helps to raise employee and contractor awareness while establishing a consistent safety culture throughout our network.

We are pleased to report zero injuries and fatalities in 2022 which we attribute to our rigorous QHsE system. in addition, 4,399,833 working hours without Lost Time injury were recorded across our operations.

| FYe2020  FYe2021  FYe2022  Total work-hours recorded  837,649  3,488,965  4,399,833  Number of recordable work-related incident  0  0  0  lost Time Injury Frequency rate (lTIFr)*  0  0  0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Based on rate of incident per million man-hours worked

in FYE 2022, our TOssB division held an integrated Well services Plug and Abandon ( 'IWS P&amp;a' ) Campaign. As part of this campaign, participants received monthly 30- to 45-minute training sessions on the following programs:

| Training Programmes  Programme description  ToSSb Safety Case Training  To provide training to all personnel responsible for safety Management system.  droPS awareness Training  To raise awareness of dropped object prevention, hazard identification, risk  assessment and management. The training is conducted by a certified Trained  Trainer  approved  by  DROPs  focusing  only  on  the  crews  involved  in  HWU  Operations.  droPS Intervention Campaign  A visual examination of all exposed components, fixings, and safety devices,  following the inspection checklist provided in the Planned Maintenance system  (  'PMS'  ).  right Tools, right Job, right Way  Campaign  To increase situational awareness of all crew members pertaining to the use of  the right tools for the right job to prevent work-related accidents.  hands and Fingers Campaign  introducing  five  ways  to  think  about  hand-related  risks  during  operations:  planning, training/competency, positioning, PPE and selection of tools.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our Aerospace Division held three training programmes to ensure the safety of our employees at the metal surface treatment plant:

| Training Programmes  Training Programmes  No. of attendees  5S Training  2  30  Safety reporting  2  30  Spill Kit Training  2  12   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Workforce diversity and Inclusivity

gRi 2-7 | 3-3 | 405-1 | 405-2

At T7 global, we value a diverse and inclusive working environment as we believe that employees perform at their best when they feel valued and supported. To achieve this, we offer equal opportunities for recruitment, promotion and training for all employees regardless of gender, age or ethnicity.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

incorporating different age groups and genders is crucial for promoting diversity and inclusion in the workplace. We are pleased to report that the group has provided employment opportunities to three hundred and seventeen (317) individuals this year. Our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workforce is reflected in the fact that 33% of our employees are women. Our Board consists of one (1) female member and seven (7) male members. Fourteen (14) management positions within the group are held by women, representing 28% of all management positions. This is a 2% increase from the previous year which demonstrates our dedication to promoting gender diversity and equality within our organisation.

## Workforce breakdown by employee Category

<!-- image -->

## PeoPle FIrST

(CONT'D)

## PeoPle FIrST

(CONT'D)

## Gender breakdown by employee Category

<!-- image -->

ratio of basic Salary of Men to Women by employee Category

| employment level  Male  Female  Senior Management  4  1  Management  2.57  1  executive  1.71  1  Non-executive  2.37  1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

T7 global is  committed to  creating  a  workplace  free  from  discrimination  and  harassment.  We  recognise  the  importance  of ensuring that all employees feel safe, respected, and valued, and we took significant steps to establish support mechanisms to help achieve this goal. One of our primary support mechanisms is a reporting system that allows employees to report any incidences of discrimination or harassment in the workplace. it is designed to be confidential, easy to use and accessible to all employees.

Throughout 2022, we were pleased to note that there were zero incidents of discrimination reported through this system. We believe this is a positive indication that our efforts to create a respectful and inclusive workplace are having a tangible impact. We will continue to prioritise this issue and strive to maintain a workplace culture that is free from discrimination and harassment.

<!-- image -->

## employment benefits

At T7 global, we understand that as our employees progress through their careers, their needs and priorities may change. To ensure that we retain our top performers, we offer a comprehensive range of benefits and programmes in addition to financial incentives to support our full-time employees at every stage of their professional journey.

## eMPloYMeNT beNeFITS

<!-- image -->

| ## Parental leave in 2022  Male  Female  Total number of employees who took parental leave  2  14  Total number of employees who returned to work after parental  leave ended  1  4   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PeoPle FIrST

(CONT'D)

## employment benefits (cont'd)

By providing these benefits and programmes, we aim to create a supportive and inclusive work environment that values our employees' well-being and professional growth.

## developing the best Talent

Due  to  the  importance  of  the  energy  sector  and  digital  transformation,  we  increased  our  focus  on  developing  the  skills necessary in these fields to secure our group's future. in developing our talents, we continued to invest in industry-leading training programmes in 2022.

There were 48 training programmes conducted in FYE 2022 which accumulated a total of 3,594.5 training hours with over 400 attendees.

<!-- image -->

The group implements regular performance reviews, enabling employees to improve their skills and personal development in line with their individual career aspirations. 53.9% of our workforce received a performance evaluation during this reporting period.

## Supply Chain Management

gRi 3-3 | 204-1

A  key  element  of  our  sustainability  strategy  is  ensuring  responsible  supply chain  management.  For  T7  global,  complying  with  applicable  laws  and regulations  and  operating  in  line  with  basic  human  rights  and  decency  is ethical and necessary for the successful functioning of the group.

To enhance our business management processes, our procurement policies ensure  that  our  partners  and  contractors  fully  align  with  our  sustainability strategies and Esg targets. These policies require them to comply with our QHsE Management system and our Code of Conduct and Ethics.

in order to promote long-term sustainability in procurement and improve local development, we aim to work with local suppliers  as  much  as  we  can.  in 2022, our spending proportion on local suppliers was 78%, allowing us to support  the  local  economy  and  reduce  our  carbon  footprint  by  minimising transportation needs.

<!-- image -->

## Community development and Investment

gRi 3-3 | 413-1 | 413-2

Acknowledging our responsibility as a socially responsible corporate citizen, we understand the significance of improving the well-being of the nearby communities. in FYE 2022, our group allocated a total of RM 24,500 towards community development programmes.

<!-- image -->

28 april 2022

16 May 2022

8 december 2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Angpow  Contribution in conjunction with  CNY  to  the  students  at  sK  sg Berua Hulu Terengganu.

Flood Relief  Donation  to  sK  sg  Berua Hulu Terengganu.

Donation to sRJK (C) Chio Min Kulim.

sponsorship  for st. John  institution Naval  Cadet  Band  to  participate  at Malaysia World Band Competition (MWBC)  National Band  Competition (NATCOMP) 8-10 Dec 2022 Alor setar Kedah.

Flood Relief Mission Contribution -Humanitarian  Mission  to  Lighten  the Burden  of  Flood  Victims  on  the  East Coast

## PeoPle FIrST

(CONT'D)

## CloSInG Statement

Our sustainability ambitions act as our guide as we navigate the 'new normal' of the COViD-19 endemic stage, and we remain firmly committed to our pursuit of excellence as we deftly meet all challenges and obstacles.

This year, we conducted a thorough materiality assessment and discovered four (4) new sustainability material matters. Through this,  we  become  closely  acquainted  with  the  changing  needs  of  our  stakeholders  and  what  is  material  to  our  integrated operations. Moreover, we embedded a culture of sustainability and intend to ensure continued compliance by adhering to our newly established sustainability Policy, guided by our Esg Framework. We also took our first steps towards implementing TCFD recommendations, enhancing our compliance with Bursa Enhanced Reporting and strengthening our disclosures.

sustainability  is  a  commitment,  and  we  must  continuously  evolve  for  further  success.  Therefore,  as  we  build  upon  our accomplishments,  T7  group  will  continue  to  anchor  sustainability  within  our  business  activities  and  work  to  secure  future prosperity for all.

## GrI Content InDeX

| GrI STaNdard  dISCloSUre  loCaTIoN  GrI 2: General  disclosures 2021  2-1  Organisational details  22  2-2  Entities included in the organisation's sustainability reporting  22  2-3  Reporting period, frequency and contact point  22  2-5  External assurance  22  2-6  Activities, value chain and other business relationships  22  2-7  Employees  47  2-8  Workers who are not employees  49  2-9  governance structure and composition  27, 34  2-10  Nomination and selection of the highest governance body  27  2-11  Chair of the highest governance body  27  2-12  Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the  management of impacts  27  2-13  Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts  27  2-14  Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting  27  2-15  Conflicts of interest  34  2-16  Communication of critical concerns  34  2-17  Collective knowledge of the highest governance body  27  2-18  Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body  27  2-19  Remuneration policies  34  2-20  Process to determine remuneration  34  2-22  statement on sustainable development strategy  25  2-23  Policy commitments  9, 27, 34, 42  2-24  Embedding policy commitments  9, 27, 34, 42  2-25  Processes to remediate negative impacts  34  2-26  Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns  34  2-27  Compliance with laws and regulations  34, 43  2-29  Approach to stakeholder engagement  30  GrI 3: Material Topics 2021  3-1  Process to determine material topics  31, 32  3-2  List of material topics  32, 33  3-3  Management of material topics  Throughout  GrI 201: economic  Performance 2016  201-1  Direct economic value generated and distributed  37  201-2  Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due  to climate change  28, 35  201-3  Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans  49  GrI 203: Indirect economic  Impacts 2016  203-1  infrastructure investments and services supported  37  203-2  significant indirect economic impacts  37   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GrI CoNTeNT INdeX

(CONT'D)

| GrI STaNdard  dISCloSUre  loCaTIoN  GrI 204: Procurement  Practices 2016  204-1  Proportion of spending on local suppliers 38  50  GrI 205: anti-corruption 2016  205-1  Operations assessed for risks related to corruption  34  205-2  Communication and training about anti-corruption policies  and procedures  34  205-3  Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken  34  GrI 302: energy 2016  302-1  Energy consumption within the organisation  9  302-3  Energy intensity  9  GrI 303: Water and  effluents 2018  303-1  interactions with water as a shared resource  43  303-5  Water consumption  43  GrI 304: biodiversity 2016  304-1  Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to,  protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside  protected areas  43  304-2  significant impacts of activities, products and services on  biodiversity  43  304-3  Habitats protected or restored  43  GrI 305: emissions 2016  305-1  Direct (scope 1) gHg emissions  39  305-2  Energy indirect (scope 2) gHg emissions  39  GrI 306: Waste 2020  306-1  Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts  42  306-2  Management of significant waste-related impacts  42  306-3  Waste generated  42  306-5  Waste directed to disposal  42  GrI 401: employment 2016  401-1  New employee hires and employee turnover  49  401-2  Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not  provided to temporary or part-time employees  49  401-3  Parental leave  49  GrI 403: occupational  health and Safety 2018  403-1  Occupational health and safety management system  45  403-2  Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation  45  403-3  Occupational health services  45  403-4  Worker participation, consultation, and communication on  occupational health and safety  45  403-5  Worker training on occupational health and safety  45  403-6  Promotion of worker health  45  403-7  Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety  impacts directly linked by business relationships  45  403-8  Workers covered by an occupational health and safety  management system  45  403-9  Work-related injuries  45  403-10 Work-related ill health  45   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GrI CoNTeNT INdeX

(CONT'D)

| GrI STaNdard  dISCloSUre  loCaTIoN  GrI 404: Training and  education 2016  404-1  Average hours of training per year per employee  49  404-2  Programmes for upgrading employee skills and transition  assistance programmes  49  404-3  Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and  career development reviews  49  GrI 405: diversity and  equal opportunity 2016  405-1  Diversity of governance bodies and employees  34, 47  405-2  Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men  47  GrI 406: Non-discrimination  2016  406-1  incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken  47  GrI 413: local Communities  2016  413-1  Operations with local community engagement, impact  assessments, and development programmes  50  413-2  Operations with significant actual and potential negative  impacts on local communities  50  GrI 418: Customer Privacy 2016  418-1  substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer  privacy and losses of customer data  37, 38   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE REPORT

The primary objectives of the Audit Committee and Risk Management Committee (' arMC ') are as follows:

- Assist	the	Board	in	discharging	its	statutory	duties	and	responsibilities	relating	to	internal	controls,	accounting	and	reporting practices,	compliance	and	risk	management	of	holding	company	and	each	of	its	subsidiaries.
- Monitor	compliance	within	the	Group	policies	to	ensure	the	objectivity	and	effectiveness	of	the	Group's	internal	control measures.
- Serve	as	the	focal	point	for	communication	between	External	Auditors,	Internal	Auditors	and	management	to	make	certain the integrity of the management and adequacy of disclosure to shareholders.
- Serve	as	an	independent	party	when	reviewing	financial	information	presented	by	the	management	before	distribution to shareholders and general public.
- Serve	as	the	focal	point	for	communication	between	Executive	Director	and/or	Group	Chief	Financial	Officer	on	whether the	Company's	risk	management	and	internal	control	system	are	operating	adequately	and	effectively,	in	all	material aspects,	based	on	the	risk	management	and	internal	control	system	of	the	Company.

## CoMPoSITIoN oF The arMC

The	members	of	the	ARMC	consist	of	Independent	Non-Executive	Directors	(' INeds ') and their respective meeting attendance records	during	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022	are	as	follows:-

| Name  designation/directorate  Meetings attended  Tan sam Eng  Chairperson  INED  5/5  CP	(R)	Dato'	Sri	Wan	Najmuddin	Bin	Mohd  Member  INED  5/5  Admiral	Tan	Sri	Dato'	Seri	Panglima  Ahmad	Kamarulzaman	Bin	Hj	Ahmad	Badaruddin	(R)  Member  INED  5/5   |
|---|

The	composition	of	the	ARMC	complies	with	Paragraphs	15.09	and	15.10	of	the	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	of	Bursa Malaysia	Securities	Berhad	(' bursa Malaysia Securities ')  (' listing requirements ')  and  Practice  9.4  of  the  Malaysian Code	on	Corporate	Governance	whereby	all	three	(3)	ARMC	members	are	Independent	Non-Executive	Directors.	None	of	the Independent	Directors	are	alternate	directors.

Ms.	Tan	Sam	Eng,	the	Chairperson	of	the	ARMC,	is	a	member	of	the	Malaysian	Institute	of	Accountants	(MIA),	a	Fellow	Member	of the	Association	of	Chartered	Certified	Accountants	(ACCA),	and	also	a	Member	of	the	Chartered	Tax	Institute	of	Malaysia	(CTIM). In	this	respect,	the	Company	complies	with	Paragraph	15.09(1)(c)	of	the	Listing	Requirements	and	in	compliance	with	Practice 9.1	of	the	Malaysian	Code	on	Corporate	Governance	2021,	the	Chairperson	of	the	ARMC	is	not	the	Chairman	of	the	Board.

The	latest	Terms	of	Reference	of	the	ARMC	was	revised	on	6	April	2022	and	a	copy	of	it	is	accessible	on	the	Company's website at www.t7global.com.my.

## aUdIT aNd rISK MaNaGeMeNT CoMMITTee rePorT

(CONT'D)

## SUMMarY oF WorKS dUrING The FINaNCIal Year

During	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022,	the	summary	of	works	undertaken	by	the	ARMC	was	as	follows:-

- Reviewed	the	Group's	compliance	with	the	Listing	Requirements	and	the	applicable	approved	accounting	standards issued	by	Malaysian	Accounting	Standards	Board	(' MaSb ').
- Reviewed	the	quarterly	unaudited	financial	statements	and	its	explanatory	notes	thereon	and	thereafter	recommended the	same	to	the	Board	of	Directors	for	approval.
- Reviewed	the	ARMC	Report	and	Statement	on	Risk	Management	and	Internal	Control	prior	to	their	inclusion	in	the	Group's Annual Report.
- Reviewed	the	list	of	related	party	transactions	that	may	arise	within	the	Group	including	any	transaction,	procedure	or course	of	conduct	that	raises	the	questions	of	management's	integrity.
- Reviewed	and	approved	the	annual	audit	plan	on	the	internal	audit,	including	the	scope	of	work	for	the	financial	year.
- Reviewed	the	annual	report	and	the	audited	financial	statements	of	the	Group	prior	to	submission	to	the	Board	of	Directors for	their	consideration	and	approval.	The	review	was	to	ensure	that	the	audited	financial	statements	were	drawn	up	in accordance	with	the	Companies	Act	2016	and	the	applicable	approved	accounting	standards	issued	by	the	MASB.
- Reviewed	the	external	auditor's	scope	of	work	and	their	audit	plan.
- Reviewed	with	the	external	auditors	the	results	of	their	audit,	the	audit	report	and	internal	control	and	recommendations in respect of improvements in internal control procedures noted in the course of their audit.
- Met	with	the	External	Auditors	without	the	presence	of	the	Management	and	Executive	Directors.
- Reviewed	the	internal	audit	report	prepared	by	the	external	consultant.
- Reviewed	the	related	party	transactions	and	conflict	of	interest	areas	in	relation	to	related	party	transactions	framework, sales	of	products	and	provision	of	services,	procurement	and	expenses	as	well	as	finance	functions.

## INTerNal aUdIT FUNCTIoN

The	Group	has	engaged	an	internal	audit	professional	firm,	i.e.	OAC	Consulting	Sdn.	Bhd.	during	the	year	to	perform	the internal	audit	function	of	the	Group.	The	internal	audit	firm	reports	directly	to	the	ARMC	and	administratively	to	the	Group Chief	Financial	Officer.	The	works	of	the	internal	audit	firm	are	guided	by	the	Code	of	Conduct	that	provides	its	independence in	evaluating	and	reporting	on	adequacy,	integrity	and	effectiveness	of	the	overall	internal	control	system,	risk	management and corporate governance in the group using a systematic and disciplined approach. The summary of works of internal audit includes the following:-

- Review	the	existence	of	processes	to	monitor	the	effectiveness	and	efficiency	of	operations	and	the	achievement	of	the objectives of T7 global;
- Review	the	efficiency	and	effectiveness	of	the	internal	control	system	for	safeguarding	of	assets	and	providing	consistent and	accurate	financial	and	operational	data;
- Promote	risk	awareness	and	the	value	and	nature	of	an	effective	internal	control	system;
- Review	compliance	with	T7	Global's	policies,	procedures,	and	regulations;	and	if	such	policies,	procedures	and	regulations are	inadequate,	the	outsourced	internal	auditors	will	make	the	necessary	recommendations	to	ensure	proper	policies	are in place;
- Assist	Management	in	accomplishing	its	objectives	by	adopting	a	systematic	and	disciplined	audit	approach	to	evaluating and	improving	the	governance	process	within	T7	Global's	operations;
- Challenge	and	provide	alternatives	to	accepted	practices;	and
- Add	value	and	improve	operational	activities.

Other	initiatives	undertaken	by	the	internal	audit	professional	firm	in	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022	include	the review of risk management policies in key subsidiaries and operational review of project management within the group. The corresponding reports of the audit reviews performed were presented to the ARMC and forwarded to the Management for attention and corrective actions. The Management is responsible for ensuring that the recommended corrective actions are taken	within	the	required	timeframe.	The	cost	incurred	in	relation	to	the	internal	audit	function	during	the	year	was	RM25,000/-.

During	the	year,	various	Management	and	reporting	meetings	were	held	to	ensure	that	the	internal	audit	policies	are	implemented and communicated effectively throughout all divisions within the group.

This	ARMC	Report	is	made	in	accordance	with	a	resolution	passed	by	the	Directors	at	the	Board	of	Directors'	Meeting	held on 4 April 2023.

## INTrodUCTIoN

The	Board	of	Directors	(' the board ') is pleased to present its statement on Risk Management and internal Control for the financial	year	ended	31	December	2022	(' Statement ').	This	Statement	is	prepared	pursuant	to	Paragraph	15.26(b)	of	the	Bursa Malaysia	Securities	Berhad	(' bursa Malaysia Securities ')' s	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	(' listing requirements ').

The	Board	is	also	guided	by	the	latest	'Statement	on	Risk	Management	and	Internal	Control	-	Guidelines	for	Directors	of	Listed Issuers'	issued	by	the	Task	Force	on	Internal	Control	with	the	support	and	endorsement	of	the	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities	and Part	II	of	Principle	B,	Intended	Outcome	10.0,	Practices	10.1	and	10.2	read	together	with	Guidance	10.1	and	10.2	as	set	out in the Malaysian Code on Corporate governance (' the Code ')	-	Risk	Management	and	Internal	Control	Framework.

The	Board	has	established	an	ongoing	process	for	identifying,	evaluating	and	managing	the	significant	risks	faced	by	the	Group and this process includes enhancing the risk management and internal control system from time to time in response to the changes to the business environment or regulatory guidelines.

The	Board	ensures	that	the	system	manages	the	Group's	key	areas	of	risk	within	an	acceptable	risk	profile	to	increase	the likelihood	that	the	Group's	policies	and	business	objectives	will	be	achieved.	The	Board	continually	reviews	the	system	to ensure that the risk management and internal control system provides a reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement	of	management	and	financial	information	and	records	or	against	financial	losses	or	fraud.

## board reSPoNSIbIlITIeS

The	Board	is	responsible	for	the	Group's	internal	control	and	risk	management	system	to	safeguard	shareholders'	investment and	the	Group's	assets	as	well	as	reviewing	the	adequacy	and	effectiveness	of	the	said	system.

The	Board	is	of	the	view	that	the	risk	management	and	internal	control	system	in	place	for	the	year	under	review	and	up	to	the date	of	issuance	of	the	financial	statements	is	adequate	and	effective	to	safeguard	the	interests	of	shareholders,	customers, employees	and	the	Group's	assets.

In	view	of	the	limitations	inherent	in	any	system	of	risk	management	and	internal	control,	these	systems	are	designed	to	manage, rather	than	eliminate,	the	risk	of	failure	to	achieve	the	Group's	business	and	corporate	objectives.	These	systems	can	therefore only	provide	reasonable,	but	not	absolute	assurance,	against	material	misstatement	or	loss.

## rISK MaNaGeMeNT GoVerNaNCe

Risk	management	is	regarded	by	the	Board	to	be	an	integral	part	of	the	business	operations.	The	Board	maintains	an	on-going commitment	to	enhance	the	Group's	control	environment	and	processes.	The	key	risks	relating	to	the	Group's	operations	and strategic	and	business	plans	are	addressed	at	Management's	meetings.	Significant	risks	identified	by	the	Management	are	to be	brought	to	the	attention	of	the	Board	at	their	scheduled	meetings.

The	abovementioned	practices/initiatives	put	in	place	by	the	Board	serve	as	the	on-going	practice	used	to	identify,	evaluate and	manage	significant	risks	during	the	financial	year	under	review.	The	Board	continuously	evaluates	the	Group's	corporate governance	and	internal	control	systems	in	order	to	improve	the	effectiveness	and	efficiency	of	the	risk	management	function and the internal control systems of the group.

The	Group	Risk	Management	Framework	which	sets	out	the	fundamental	principles	on	risk	governance	is	to	drive	the	development of	risk	management	practices	and	tools	which	enable	the	identification,	measurement	and	continuous	monitoring	of	all	applicable risks	of	the	Group	including	the	identification	of	emerging	risks.

The	Board	established	a	governance	structure	that	is	designed	to	govern	the	Group's	business	activities	to	be	consistent with	the	Group's	overall	business	objectives	and	risk	appetite	conducted	within	clearly	defined	lines	of	responsibility,	authority limits,	and	accountability	aligned	to	risk	management	and	control	responsibilities	subjected	to	adequate	risk	management	and internal controls.

## STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

## STaTeMeNT oN rISK MaNaGeMeNT aNd INTerNal CoNTrol

(CONT'D)

## SYSTeM oF INTerNal CoNTrol aNd CoMPlIaNCe ProCeSS

The	Group	maintains	a	system	of	internal	control	that	serves	to	safeguard	its	assets,	identify	and	manage	risk,	ensure	compliance with	statutory	and	regulatory	requirements,	and	to	ensure	operational	results	are	closely	monitored	and	substantial	variances are	promptly	explained.

Whilst	the	Board	maintains	control	and	direction	over	appropriate	strategic,	financial,	organisational	and	compliance	issues, it	has	delegated	the	implementation	of	the	system	of	internal	controls	to	the	executive	management,	led	by	the	Group	Chief Executive	Officer	(' Ceo ').	The	Group	CEO,	who	is	empowered	to	manage	the	business	of	the	Group,	has	primary	operational responsibility for the system of internal controls.

The	Management	of	the	Group	identifies	key	compliance	risk	areas	as	guided	by	the	Group	Compliance	Framework	and conducts	ongoing	compliance	checks.	Reports	on	the	compliance	status	of	the	entities	are	submitted	to	the	Group's	Audit	and Risk Management Committee (' arMC ')	for	review.	The	Group	Compliance	Framework	is	established	to	outline	the	governance structure on compliance risk management functions and control responsibilities.

The	ARMC	of	the	Group	reviews	internal	control	issues	identified	by	the	respective	internal	auditors,	the	external	auditors	and management,	and	evaluate	the	adequacy	and	effectiveness	of	their	risk	management	and	internal	control	systems.	They	also review the internal audit functions with particular emphasis on the scope and frequency of audits and the adequacy of resources.

The	Group's	risk	appetite	sets	out	the	level	of	risk	tolerance	and	limits	to	govern,	manage	and	control	the	Group's	risk-taking activities.	The	strategic	objectives,	business	plans,	desired	risk	profile	and	capital	plans	are	required	to	be	aligned	with	the	risk appetite.

The	Board	convenes	meetings	on	quarterly	basis	in	order	to	maintain	full	and	effective	supervision.	The	Group	CEO,	being	the principal	channel	of	communication	between	the	Board	and	the	Management,	will	lead	the	presentation	of	Board	papers	and provide	comprehensive	explanation	on	key	issues.	In	arriving	at	any	decisions	based	on	recommendations	by	Management and	the	ARMC,	a	thorough	deliberation	and	discussion	by	the	Board	is	a	prerequisite.

The	Board	recognised	all	risks	can	be	controlled	or	eliminated	by	an	effective	system	on	internal	control.	Key	features	of	the Group's	internal	controls	include:-

- An	organisational	structure	with	clearly	defined	lines	of	responsibility	and	relevant	authority	has	been	set	up	for	the	Group.
- The	Group's	Management	with	the	assistance	of	a	centralised	human	resource	function	sets	the	policies	for	recruitment, training and appraisal of the employees within the group.
- Policies	and	procedures	which	sets	out	the	compliance	standards	for	daily	operations	for	the	respective	business	units of the group.
- The	Management	meets	monthly	to	review	the	operational	and	financial	performance	of	the	businesses	in	the	Group	and its	subsidiaries,	and	to	discuss	key	business,	operational	and	management	issues.
- The	Board	of	Directors	receives	and	reviews	quarterly	performance	reports	on	the	Group	and	its	subsidiaries	from	the Management,	and	discuss	on	significant	business	and	risk	issues.

## Code oF eThICS aNd CoNdUCT

Code	of	Ethics	and	Conduct	is	represented	to	the	Board,	the	Management	team	and	all	employees	as	a	reference	of	conduct. The	policy	of	T7	Global	Berhad	complies	with	all	governmental	laws,	rules,	and	regulations	applicable	to	its	businesses.	Code	of Ethics is applied when it is stricter than the local law and regulations. Code of conducts includes the following four main sections:

## · Conflicts	of	Interest	Policy

It	is	T7	Global	Berhad's	policy	that	all	Directors,	Management	and	employees	are	expected	to	avoid	conflict	between personal	interests	and	the	interests	of	the	Group.	If	conflict	exists,	interests	of	the	Group	are	priority	to	personal	interests.

## STaTeMeNT oN rISK MaNaGeMeNT aNd INTerNal CoNTrol

(CONT'D)

## Code oF eThICS aNd CoNdUCT (CoNT'd)

## · Asset	Policy

All	Directors,	Management	and	employees	are	expected	to	protect	the	assets	of	the	Group,	and	use	all	assets	efficiently in the best interests of the group.

## · Directorships	Policy

The	Group	restricts	the	holding	of	directorships	in	non-affiliated,	profit	organisations	by	officers	and	employees	and	to prohibit	the	acceptance	by	any	officer	or	employee	of	such	directorships	that	would	involve	a	conflict	of	interest	with,	or interfere	with,	the	discharge	of	the	officer's	or	employee's	duties	to	the	corporation.

## · Whistle-Blowing	Policy	and	Procedures	and	Open-Door	Communication

The	Group	has	a	whistle-blowing	policy	and	procedure	to	provide	opportunity	for	all	stakeholders	including	employees, shareholders and others to raise their concerns of any malpractice within the group. The objective of the policy and procedure	is	to	provide	and	facilitate	a	mechanism	for	whistle-blower	to	report	concern	about	any	suspected	and/or known	misconduct,	wrongdoings,	corruption,	fraud,	waste	and/or	any	abuse	of	power.

This	will	enable	each	case/issue	can	be	investigated	and	for	appropriate	action	to	be	taken	to	ensure	that	the	matter	is resolved effectively and within the group wherever possible.

If	an	employee	notices	any	misconduct,	wrongdoings,	corruption,	fraud,	waste	and/or	any	abuse	of	power,	he	or	she should	report	to	immediate	supervisor.	Each	supervisor	is	expected	to	be	made	available	for	its	subordinates	for	this purpose	and	any	relevant	investigation	should	be	conducted	by	the	supervisor.	If	the	employee	is	dissatisfied	with	the review	or	investigation	from	the	supervisor,	further	review	by	the	Executive	Deputy	Chairman	and	the	Acting	Chairman	are encouraged. investigation team will be set up to investigate the issue and take actions. Reviews should contribute to the level	of	management	appropriate	to	resolve	the	issue.	If	the	issue	cannot	be	resolved,	the	whistle-blowers	can	escalate the report to the ARMC Chairperson.  The ARMC will deliberate the matter reported and decide on the appropriate action.

## · Anti-Bribery	and	Anti-Corruption	Policy	and	Procedures

In	addition	to	the	existing	Code	of	Ethics	and	Conduct	for	Directors	and	Whistleblowing	Policy,	as	well	as	financial	and non-financial	controls	implemented,	such	as	segregation	of	incompatible	functions,	multiple	signatories	for	transactions, and	actions	to	be	taken	during	situations	of	conflicts	of	interest,	the	Group	has	adopted	an	Anti-Bribery	and	Anti-Corruption Policy	in	line	with	the	enforcement	of	the	new	provision,	Section	17A	of	the	Malaysian	Anti-Corruption	Commission	Act 2009	(Amendment	2018)	to	deal	with	improper	solicitation,	bribery	and	other	corrupt	activities	and	issues	that	may	arise in the course of business in order to prevent acts of bribery and corruption.

The group will perform a continuous review of its anti-bribery and anti-corruption management systems to assess the comprehensiveness	of	its	systems,	policies	and	procedures	with	a	view	towards	enhancing	them	and	to	address	any shortcomings,	so	as	to	provide	assurance	to	the	Group	that	its	systems,	policies	and	procedures	are	'reasonable	and proportionate'	to	the	nature	and	size	of	the	Group	and	that	they	meet	the	requirements	of	the	Guidelines	on	Adequate Procedures.

In	adherence	to	this	Policy,	the	Group	has	adopted	a	zero-tolerance	approach	to	all	forms	of	corruption	and	bribery.	The group is committed to conduct its business with the highest level of integrity and ethics and to comply with applicable laws,	rules	and	regulations	on	anti-bribery	and	anti-corruption.

The group practices an open-door policy and encourages employees to share their concerns and suggestions using the reporting	channels	stated	in	the	Whistleblowing	Policy.

## STaTeMeNT oN rISK MaNaGeMeNT aNd INTerNal CoNTrol

(CONT'D)

## relaTed ParTY TraNSaCTIoNS PolICY

In	 addition	 to	 the	 above,	 the	 Group	 has	 implemented	 Related	 Party	 Transactions	 Policy	 to	 further	 enhance	 its	 corporate governance.	The	policy	is	designed	to	ensure	the	related	party	transactions	are	carried	out	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business, are	made	at	arm's	length	and	on	normal	commercial	terms	which	are	not	more	favourable	to	the	related	party	or	parties	than those	generally	available	to	the	public	and	are	not	on	terms	that	are	detrimental	to	the	minority	shareholders	of	T7	Global	Berhad.

The	above	policies	are	available	for	reference	on	the	Group's	website	at www.t7global.com.my.

## reVIeW oF STaTeMeNT bY The exTerNal aUdITorS

Pursuant	to	Paragraph	15.23	of	the	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities's	Listing	Requirements,	the	External	Auditors	have	conducted	a limited	assurance	engagement	on	this	Statement	for	inclusion	in	the	Annual	Report	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December 2022. Their assurance engagement was performed pursuant to the scope set out in Audit and Assurance Practice guide (' aaPG ') 3: guidance for Auditors on Engagements to Report on the statement on Risk Management in accordance with isAE 3000 (Revised 2015) and internal Control issued by Malaysian institute of Accountants.

Based	on	their	procedures	performed,	the	External	Auditors	have	reported	to	the	Board	that	nothing	has	come	to	their	attention that	causes	them	to	believe	that	this	Statement	is	not	prepared,	in	all	material	respect,	in	accordance	with	disclosure	required by	paragraphs	41	and	42	of	the	Statement	on	Risk	Management	and	Internal	Control:	Guidance	for	Directors	of	Listed	Issuers as	set	out,	nor	it	is	factually	inaccurate.	AAPG	3	does	not	require	the	External	Auditors	to	consider	whether	this	Statement covers	all	risks	and	controls,	or	to	form	an	opinion	on	the	adequacy	and	effectiveness	of	the	Group's	risk	and	control	system.

## CoNClUSIoN

For	the	financial	year	under	review,	there	were	no	significant	internal	control	deficiencies	or	material	weakness	resulting	in	material losses or contingencies requiring disclosure in the Annual Report.

The	Board	is	of	the	view	that	the	existing	risk	management	and	internal	control	systems	of	the	Group	is	adequate	to	safeguard shareholders'	investment	and	the	Group's	assets.

However,	the	Board	recognises	the	fact	that	the	Group's	system	of	risk	management	and	internal	control	practices	must continuously	 evolve	 to	 meet	 the	 changing	 and	 challenging	 business	 environment.	 Therefore,	 the	 Board	 is	 committed	 to continuously	strengthen	the	Group's	system	of	internal	control	and	risk	management	framework.

This	Statement	is	made	in	accordance	with	a	resolution	passed	by	the	Directors	at	the	Board	of	Directors'	Meeting	held	on 4 April 2023.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT

The	Board	of	Directors	(' board ')	of	T7	Global	Berhad	(' T7	Global ') recognises and is committed in upholding a high benchmark of	 corporate	governance	and	ensuring	controls,	systems	and	processes	are	well	sustained	for	the	Group.	The	Board	will continuously	evaluate	the	status	of	the	Group's	corporate	governance	practices	and	procedures	with	a	view	to	adopt	and implement the practices of the Malaysian Code on Corporate governance (' MCCG ') wherever applicable in the best interests of the stakeholders of the group.

The	Board	takes	note	of	the	updates	on	the	Malaysian	Code	on	Corporate	Governance	(' MCCG ') issued by the securities Commission Malaysia with effect on 28 April 2021 (' MCCG 2021 ').  MCCg 2021 introduces new practices and additional guidance to strengthen the corporate governance culture of public listed companies.

The	Board	is	pleased	to	present	the	following	Corporate	Governance	Overview	Statement	(' CG Statement ') that describe the	extent	of	how	the	Group	has	applied	and	complied	the	three	(3)	principles	which	are	set	out	in	the	MCCG	2021	throughout the	financial	year	under	review:-

- (a) Principle	A:	Board	leadership	and	effectiveness;
- (b) Principle	B:	Effective	audit	and	risk	management;	and
- (c) Principle C: integrity in corporate reporting and meaningful relationship with stakeholders.

This Cg statement should also be read together with the Corporate governance Report of the Company which is available on the	Company's	corporate	website	at www.t7global.com.my.

## PrINCIPle a: board leaderShIP aNd eFFeCTIVeNeSS

## Board	Composition

As at the date of notice of Nineteenth Annual general Meeting (' aGM '),	T7	Global	has	eight	(8)	Directors	-	the	Acting	Executive Chairman,	the	Executive	Deputy	Chairman,	an	Executive	Director	and	five	(5)	Independent	Non-Executive	Directors.	The	Board composition is in compliance with Paragraph 15.02 of the Main Market Listing Requirements (' listing requirements ') of Bursa	Malaysia	Securities	Berhad	(' bursa Malaysia Securities ')	which	states	that	at	least	two	(2)	Directors	or	one-third	(1/3) of	the	Board,	whichever	is	higher,	are	Independent	Directors	and	Practice	5.2	of	MCCG	2021	to	have	at	least	half	of	the	Board comprising	Independent	Directors.

All	the	Directors	act	in	the	best	interest	of	the	Group	and	believe	that	the	current	Board	composition	fairly	reflects	the	interests of	its	shareholders	to	provide	effective	leadership,	strategic	direction	and	necessary	governance	to	the	Group.	These	Directors collectively	have	skills	and	experiences	from	different	field	of	business,	in	terms	of	commercial,	financial,	technical,	corporate and	legal	for	the	effective	management	of	the	Group's	businesses.	The	Directors'	profiles	are	set	out	in	the	Directors'	Profile section of this Annual Report.

The	Group	has	also	formalised	a	set	of	ethical	standards	through	a	code	of	conduct,	which	is	subject	to	periodical	review,	to ensure	Directors	practice	ethical,	business-like	and	lawful	conduct,	including	proper	use	of	authority	and	appropriate	decorum when	acting	as	the	Board.

The	Board	conducted	assessments	on	the	independence	of	the	Independent	Directors	and	is	satisfied	that	the	Independent Directors	have	met	the	independence	criteria	stated	in	the	Listing	Requirements.	Five	(5)	out	of	eight	(8)	Board	members	are Independent	Directors.

All	Board	members	fulfil	the	requirements	to	serve	as	Directors	in	no	more	than	five	(5)	public	listed	companies	to	ensure	sufficient time has been devoted to carry out their responsibilities.

## CorPoraTe GoVerNaNCe oVerVIeW STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## PrINCIPle a: board leaderShIP aNd eFFeCTIVeNeSS (CoNT'd)

## Board	Composition	(cont'd)

None	of	the	Independent	Directors	has	served	the	Group	exceeding	a	cumulative	term	of	nine	(9)	years.	At	present,	the	Group does	not	have	a	formal	policy	to	limit	the	tenure	of	Independent	Director	to	nine	(9)	years.	However,	the	Board	is	mindful	of	the recommendation	in	the	MCCG	2021	to	ensure	effectiveness	of	Independent	Directors.

The	Board	comprises	Board	members	with	different	gender,	background,	skill	sets	and	experiences	in	various	industries,	which enable	T7	Global	to	make	a	difference.	A	brief	summary	of	the	key	skills	and	experience	held	by	each	Director	is	as	follows:

| Name  Title  Key	Skills	and	Experience  Datuk	Seri	Dr.	Nik  Norzul Thani  Bin	N.	Hassan	Thani  Acting	Executive	Chairman  More than 30 years in the legal industry.  Tan	Sri	Datuk	Seri  Tan	Kean	Soon,	J.P.  Executive	Deputy	Chairman  More	than	30	years	of	oil	and	gas	industry	experience,  leading various projects within upstream and downstream  sector.  Tan sam Eng  Independent	Non-Executive  Director  More	than	30	years	of	auditing,	taxation,	corporate	finance  and	advisory	experiences.  Tan Kay Vin  Executive	Director  More	than	9	years	 of	 experience	 in	 the	 Finance	 and  Aerospace industry.  Admiral	Tan	Sri	Dato'  seri Panglima Ahmad  Kamarulzaman	Bin	Hj  Ahmad	Badaruddin	(R)  Independent	Non-Executive  Director  served the Royal Malaysian Navy and Malaysian Armed  Forces	 for	 more	 than	 40	 years.	 16th	 Chief	 of	 Royal  Malaysian Navy.  CP	(R)	Dato'	Sri	Wan  Ahmad Najmuddin  Bin	Mohd  Independent	Non-Executive  Director  Advocate	and	Solicitor	High	Court	of	Malaya.	Served	the  Royal	Malaysia	Police	Force	for	more	than	40	years	and  retired  in  March  2019  as  Commissioner  of  Police  with  last	 position	 held	 as	 Director	 of	 Criminal	 Investigation  Department.  Tan	Sri	Dato'	Sri  Koh	Kin	Lip,	J.P .  Independent	Non-Executive  Director  More than 30 years of property and oil palm plantation  industry	experience.  Datuk	Seri	Rahim  Bin	Ismail  Independent	Non-Executive  Director  More	than	30	years	of	oil	and	gas	industry	experience.   |
|---|

## CorPoraTe GoVerNaNCe oVerVIeW STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## PrINCIPle a: board leaderShIP aNd eFFeCTIVeNeSS (CoNT'd)

## Roles	and	Responsibilities	of	the	Board

The	Board	of	T7	Global	meets	at	least	five	times	a	year.	Circular	resolutions	will	be	passed	for	resolving	additional	matters.

The	Chairman	ensures	smooth	and	effective	functioning	within	the	Board.	The	Executive	Directors	are	responsible	for	overseeing the	day-to-day	operations	and	affairs	of	the	Group.	The	Non-Executive	Directors,	both	independent	and	non-independent, are	responsible	in	providing	insights,	unbiased	and	independent	views,	advice	and	judgement	towards	the	Board	and	bring impartiality	to	Board	deliberations	and	decision	making.	The	Non-Executive	Directors	play	a	vital	check	and	balance	role	by challenging	and	scrutinising	the	Management's	proposals	and	make	recommendations	in	an	objective	manner	to	the	decisionmaking	process	at	the	Board	level.

The Company is in compliance with the recommendation Practice 1.4 of the MCCg 2021 which states that the Chairman of the	Board	should	not	be	a	member	of	the	Audit	Committee,	Nomination	Committee	or	Remuneration	Committee	and	the	Board took	note	on	Guidance	1.4	of	the	MCCG	2021	whereby	it	states	that	the	Chairman	of	the	Board	should	not	be	involved	in	the Board	Committees	to	ensure	there	is	check	and	balance	as	well	as	objective	review	by	the	Board.

The	Board	is	fully	aware	of	its	responsibilities	and	has	adopted	key	roles	in	strategising	the	direction	of	the	Group	and	has assumed	the	following	duties	in	demonstrating	the	following	fiduciary	and	leadership	roles:-

- Overseeing	and	monitoring	the	conduct	of	business,	financial	performance	and	any	major	capital-intensive	investments of the group;
- Reviewing	and	implementing	appropriate	budgets	and	strategic	business	plans	of	the	Group,	monitoring	compliance with	applicable	financial	reporting	standards	and	integrity	and	adequacy	of	all	financial	information	disclosure;
- Identifying	principal	risks	and	ensuring	the	implementation	of	appropriate	internal	controls	and	mitigation	measures	to effectively monitor and manage risks;
- Reviewing	the	adequacy	and	integrity	of	the	internal	control	and	management	information	systems	of	the	Group;	and
- Developing	a	corporate	code	of	conduct	within	the	Group	to	address	any	conflicts	of	interest	relating	to	the	stakeholders of	the	Group,	and	establishing	and	overseeing	the	development	and	implementation	of	the	corporate	communication policies	with	shareholders,	stakeholders	and	the	public.

## Functions	of	the	Board	and	Delegation	to	Management

During	FYE	2022,	there	were	four	(4)	Independent	Directors	to	provide	valuable	opinion	on	T7	Global's	matters	such	as strategy,	performance	and	key	performance	indicators	of	management	team,	resource	management,	risk	management,	code of	conducts	and	ethics	and	other	matters.	Day-to-day	operation	and	management	are	delegated	by	Acting	Executive	Chairman and	Executive	Deputy	Chairman.

The	Board	regularly	controls	and	reviews	its	delegation	and	authority	level	to	Acting	Executive	Chairman	and	Executive	Deputy Chairman.	In	order	to	prevent	any	abuse	of	authority,	strict	procedure	of	authority	and	different	levels	of	independence	review are followed. Procedures of authority are clearly set up and all operational decisions are made after review.

## Board	Leadership	and	Responsibility	in	Discharging	Fiduciary	and	Leadership	Functions

The	Board	is	the	ultimate	authority	of	T7	Global,	which	is	responsible	for	authorising	and	reviewing	all	long-term	and	short-term business	and	strategic	plans	unless	the	matter	requires	shareholders'	approval.	Specific	goals	set	up	with	key	performance indicators	for	management	to	implement	those	plans.	Along	with	Independent	Director's	extensive	experiences	and	expertise in	various	fields	of	business	and	industries,	the	management	strives	to	achieve	goals	so	as	to	protect	minority	shareholder's rights.	Management	reviews	all	matters	reserved	to	the	committees	comprised	solely	of	Independent	Directors	and	the	Board.

## CorPoraTe GoVerNaNCe oVerVIeW STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## PrINCIPle a: board leaderShIP aNd eFFeCTIVeNeSS (CoNT'd)

## Qualified	and	Competent	Company	Secretaries

In	compliance	with	Practice	1.5	of	the	MCCG	2021,	the	Board	is	supported	by	experienced	and	competent	Company	Secretaries in	discharging	its	duties	and	responsibilities.	The	Board	receives	regular	advices,	updates	and	notifications	from	the	Company Secretaries	to	ensure	compliance	with	applicable	laws,	regulations	and	corporate	governance	matters.	The	Company	Secretaries attend	and	ensure	that	all	Board	and	Board	Committee	meetings	are	properly	convened	and	all	deliberations	and	decisions	are properly	minuted	and	kept.	They	are	also	responsible	in	ensuring	that	Board's	policies	and	procedures	are	followed,	and	the applicable statutory and regulatory requirements are observed.

## Review	of	Board	Charter

Review	of	Board	Charter	is	conducted	as	per	request	in	order	to	ensure	the	Board	remains	consistent	with	the	Board's	objectives and	responsibilities	and	any	new	regulations	that	may	have	an	impact	on	the	discharge	of	the	Board's	responsibilities,	more important,	aligning	with	T7	Global's	business	strategy.

The	Board	had	on	6	April	2022	reviewed	and	approved	the	revised	Board	Charter	of	the	Company.

The	revised	Board	Charter	of	the	Company	is	available	for	reference	on	the	Company's	website	at www.t7global.com.my.

## Code	of	Ethics	and	Conduct

The	Company	established	appropriate	standards	of	business	conduct	and	ethical	behavior	to	govern	the	exercise	of	the	duties and	responsibilities	as	Directors	of	the	Company	in	order	to	uphold	good	corporate	integrity.

The Code of Ethics and Conduct sets out the general principles and standards of business conduct and ethical behavior for the	Directors	and	employees	of	the	Group	in	the	performance	and	exercise	of	their	responsibilities	or	when	representing	the Group	and	includes	the	expectation	of	professionalism	and	trustworthiness	from	the	Directors	and	employees	of	the	Group.

The	Board	had	on	29	June	2020	reviewed	and	approved	the	revised	code	of	ethics	and	conduct	of	the	Company.

## Whistleblowing	Policy	and	Procedures

The	Board	has	on	29	June	2020	adopted	a	revised	Whistleblowing	Policy	and	Procedure	to	facilitate	the	whistle	blower	to report or disclose through established channels about any violations or wrongdoings they may observe in the group without fear of retaliation and should they act in good faith when reporting such concerns.

A	copy	of	the	Whistleblowing	Policy	and	Procedure	is	available	for	viewing	on	the	Company's	website	at www.t7global.com.my.

## Anti-Bribery	and	Anti-Corruption	Policy

The	Board	has	approved	the	Anti-Bribery	and	Anti-Corruption	Policy	and	Procedures,	which	sets	out	the	Group's	overall	position to prevent bribery and corruption practices in relation to its business activities in all forms and matters that might confront the group in its day-to day operations.

## related Party Transactions Policy

The	Board	has	on	27	February	2023	adopted	the	Related	Party	Transactions	Policy	to	strengthen	the	Group's	corporate governance framework.

A	copy	of	the	said	policy	is	available	for	viewing	on	the	Company's	website	at www.t7global.com.my.

## CorPoraTe GoVerNaNCe oVerVIeW STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## PrINCIPle a: board leaderShIP aNd eFFeCTIVeNeSS (CoNT'd)

## Sustainability,	Strategies,	Priorities	and	Target

For	best	practices	to	sustainability	governance,	the	Board	is	accountable	for	sustainability	strategy	and	has	empowered	senior management for sustainability performance management.

T7 global has placed great importance to carry out activities with high ethical standards to promote responsible practices among	its	stakeholders	i.e.	employees,	shareholders/investors,	business	partners,	customers	and	suppliers	in	order	to	achieve a sustainable development in the market place.

Opportunities and risks are assessed by the Audit and Risk Management Committee (' arMC ') at the beginning of the projects. The	ARMC	scrutinise	any	possible	risk	which	may	be	encountered	by	the	Group,	followed	by	risk	control	and	mitigation	strategies.

## Corporate	Disclosure	Policies	and	Procedures

The	Board	has,	based	on	the	recommendation	of	the	MCCG	2021,	adopted	a	Corporate	Disclosure	Policies	and	Procedures to	ensure	accurate,	clear,	timely	and	complete	disclosure	of	material	information	necessary	for	informed	investing	and	take reasonable	steps	to	ensure	that	all	who	invest	in	the	Group's	securities	enjoy	equal	access	to	such	information	to	avoid	an individual or selective disclosure. The said policy will be reviewed and improved from time to time.

The	said	policy	applies	to	all	Directors,	Management,	officers	and	employees	of	the	Group.	The	policy	shall	be	assessed, reviewed	and	updated	annually	by	the	corporate	finance	department,	in	accordance	with	the	needs	of	T7	Global	and	as	and when	there	are	regulation	changes	that	may	have	an	impact	on	the	Board	in	discharging	their	responsibilities.	Any	change	and/ or	updates	to	the	policy	shall	be	recommended	to	the	Board	for	approval.

The	Corporate	Disclosure	Policies	and	Procedures	of	the	Company	is	available	for	reference	on	the	Company's	website	at www.t7global.com.my.

## SUPPlY oF INForMaTIoN

The	Board	recognises	that	the	decision-making	process	is	highly	dependent	on	the	quality	of	information	furnished.	As	such, the	Board	members	have	full	and	unrestricted	access	to	all	information	concerning	the	Group's	affairs.	Prior	to	the	Board	or Board	Committee	meetings,	all	the	Board	members	are	provided	with	the	agenda	and	Board	papers	containing	information relevant	to	the	business	of	the	meeting	to	enable	them	to	obtain	further	explanations,	where	necessary,	in	order	to	be	properly briefed	before	the	meeting.	The	Board	papers	including	information	on	major	financial,	operational	and	corporate	matters	of the	Group.	The	Board	members	also	have	access	to	the	advice	and	services	of	the	Company	Secretaries,	Senior	Management and	independent	professional	advisers	including	the	external	auditors.

Along	with	good	governance	practices	and	in	order	to	enhance	transparency	and	accountability,	the	Board	has	established and put in place the following policies and procedures which are made available at the website of the group. These include the following:-

- Code	of	Ethics	and	Conduct
- Shareholders'	Right	relating	to	General	Meeting
- Whistleblowing	Policy	and	Procedures
- Anti-Bribery	and	Anti-Corruption	Policy
- Related	Party	Transactions	Policy

## CorPoraTe GoVerNaNCe oVerVIeW STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## PrINCIPle a: board leaderShIP aNd eFFeCTIVeNeSS (CoNT'd)

## SUPPlY oF INForMaTIoN (CoNT'd)

## board diversity

The	Board	recognises	that	Board	diversity	is	an	essential	element	contributing	to	the	sustainable	development	of	the	Group and	it	does	not	discriminate	on	the	basis	of	ethnicity,	age,	gender,	nationality,	political	affiliation,	religious	affiliation,	marital status,	education	background	or	physical	ability.	The	target	on	the	composition	in	terms	of	gender	of	its	Board	members	or members	of	Key	Senior	Management	is	at	least	30%	female.	The	Board	endeavours	to	assist	the	development	of	a	pipeline	of high-calibre candidates by encouraging a diverse age range of senior individuals to take on additional responsibilities and roles to	gain	valuable	board	experience	as	well	as	appoint	at	least	one	person	from	an	ethnic	minority	background	to	the	Board	or Key senior Management to encourage ethnic diversity and conform to industry best practices.

The	Group	had	on	6	April	2022	reviewed	and	adopted	the	Policy	on	Gender	Diversity.	A	copy	of	the	said	Policy	is	available	for viewing	on	the	Company's	website	at www.t7global.com.my.

The	Group	values	woman's	contribution	to	the	economy	and	promotes	talented	women	to	Management	and	leadership	positions in	operations.	To	date,	there	is	a	female	Director	within	the	Board,	namely	Ms.	Tan	Sam	Eng	who	was	appointed	to	the	Board since 23 March 2015.

The Nomination Committee (' NC ')	 shall	 oversee	the	procedures	in	addition	to	the	Board	recruitment,	Board	performance evaluation	and	succession	planning	processes.	We	shall	always	aim	to	provide	a	suitable	working	environment	that	is	free	from harassment	and	discrimination	in	order	to	attract	and	retain	women	participation	in	the	Board,	and	also	to	have	diversity	in ethnicity and age on board as well as workforce.

As	at	the	date	of	this	Annual	Report,	the	diversity	in	the	race/ethnicity	of	the	existing	Directors	is	as	follows:-

| race/ethnicity  Gender  Malay  Chinese  Indian  Total  Male  Female  Total  Number	of	Directors  5  3  0  8  7  1  8   |
|---|

The	existing	Directors'	age	distribution	falling	within	the	respective	age	group	is	as	follows:

| Age	Group	(Years)  &lt;51  51-60  &gt;61  Total  Number	of	Directors  1  1  6  8   |
|---|

## Workforce	Diversity

The	Group	is	committed	to	a	diverse	and	inclusive	culture	which	is	essential	to	the	Group's	future	growth.	The	Group's	gender and	race/ethnicity	diversity	are	made	up	of	the	following:-

| race/ethnicity  Malay  Chinese  Indian  others  69%  19%  4%  8%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CorPoraTe GoVerNaNCe oVerVIeW STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## PrINCIPle a: board leaderShIP aNd eFFeCTIVeNeSS (CoNT'd)

## SUPPlY oF INForMaTIoN (CoNT'd)

## Workforce	Diversity	(cont'd)

The	Group's	workforce	diversity	in	terms	of	age	is	made	up	of	the	following:-

| Age	Group	(Years	Old)  21-30  31-40  41-50  Above	50  22%  42%  26%  10%   |
|---|

| Male  Female  67%  33%   |
|--------------------------|

## board Meetings

The	attendance	record	of	individual	Directors	at	the	Board	meetings	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022	is	as	follows:

| Name  attendance  Datuk	Seri	Dr.	Nik	Norzul	Thani	Bin	N.	Hassan	Thani  5/5  Tan	Sri	Datuk	Seri	Tan	Kean	Soon,	J.P .  5/5  Tan sam Eng  5/5  Tan Kay Vin  5/5  Admiral	Tan	Sri	Dato'	Seri	Panglima	Ahmad	Kamarulzaman	Bin	Hj	Ahmad	Badaruddin	(R)  5/5  CP	(R)	Dato'	Sri	Wan	Ahmad	Najmuddin	Bin	Mohd  5/5  Tan	Sri	Dato'	Sri	Koh	Kin	Lip,	J.P .  5/5  Datuk	Seri	Rahim	Bin	Ismail  N/A   |
|---|

The	Board	is	satisfied	with	the	level	of	commitment	given	by	the	Directors	towards	fulfilling	their	roles	and	responsibilities	as Directors.	This,	amongst	others,	is	evidenced	by	the	attendance	record	of	the	Directors	at	Board	meetings.

The	minimum	50%	attendance	requirement	at	the	Board	meetings	as	stipulated	in	the	Listing	Requirements	has	been	complied with.

## CorPoraTe GoVerNaNCe oVerVIeW STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## PrINCIPle a: board leaderShIP aNd eFFeCTIVeNeSS (CoNT'd)

## dIreCTor'S TraINING

All	Directors	of	the	Group	have	completed	the	Mandatory	Accreditation	Programme	(' MaP ')	by	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities. The	Group	does	not	have	a	formal	training	program	for	new	Director	but	they	receive	briefings	and	updates	on	the	Group's businesses,	operations,	risk	management,	internal	control,	finance	and	relevant	legislation,	rules	and	regulations.	The	briefings and	updates	aim	at	communication	to	the	newly	appointed	Directors,	the	Group's	vision	and	mission,	its	philosophy	and	nature of	the	business,	current	issues	within	the	Group,	the	corporate	strategy	and	the	expectation	of	the	Group	concerning	input	of the	Director.

The	Directors	are	encouraged	to	attend	various	external	and	internal	professional	courses,	briefings	and	seminars	relevant	to the	Group	to	keep	themselves	abreast	with	latest	development	in	the	industry,	regulatory	updates	or	changes	and	to	enhance their skills and knowledge.

The	Board	acknowledges	that	the	Directors	through	varied	experiences	and	qualifications	provided	the	desired	contribution	and support	to	the	functions	of	the	Board.	Directors'	training	is	an	on-going	process	as	Directors	recognise	the	need	to	continually develop	and	refresh	their	knowledge	and	skills,	and	to	update	themselves	on	market	development.

Additionally,	the	Directors	are	also	updated	on	a	continuing	basis	on	new	and/or	revised	requirements	to	the	Listing	Requirements as	and	when	the	same	were	advised	by	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities.	The	Directors	will	continue	to	undergo	other	relevant	training programmes,	conferences	and	seminars	that	may	further	enhance	their	skills	and	knowledge.	The	individual	Directors	are	to evaluate	and	determine	relevant	programmes,	seminars,	briefings	or	dialogues	available	that	would	best	enable	them	to	enhance their knowledge and contributions towards the group.

During	the	financial	year	under	review,	the	training	record	of	the	individual	Directors	are	as	follows:-

| No.  Name  Title  Courses  1  Datuk	Seri	Dr.	Nik  Norzul Thani  Bin	N.	Hassan	Thani  Acting	Executive  Chairman  •  Related	Party	Transactions	Simplified  2  Tan	Sri	Datuk	Seri  Tan	Kean	Soon,	J.P.  Executive	Deputy  Chairman  •  Related	Party	Transactions	Simplified  3  Tan sam Eng  independent Non-  Executive	Director  •  Related	Party	Transactions	Simplified  4  Tan Kay Vin  Executive	Director  •  Related	Party	Transactions	Simplified  5  Admiral	Tan	Sri	Dato'  seri Panglima Ahmad  Kamarulzaman	Bin	Hj  Ahmad	Badaruddin	(R)  independent Non-  Executive	Director  •  Related	Party	Transactions	Simplified  •  PLC	Transformation	Programme  6  CP	(R)	Dato'	Sri	Wan  Ahmad Najmuddin  Bin	Mohd  independent Non-  Executive	Director  •  Related	Party	Transactions	Simplified  7  Tan	Sri	Dato'	Sri  Koh	Kin	Lip,	J.P .  independent Non-  Executive	Director  •  Related	Party	Transactions	Simplified  8  Datuk	Seri	Rahim  Bin	Ismail  independent Non-  Executive	Director  •  Not	applicable   |
|---|

## CorPoraTe GoVerNaNCe oVerVIeW STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## PrINCIPle a: board leaderShIP aNd eFFeCTIVeNeSS (CoNT'd)

## board CoMMITTee

The	Board	has	established	different	Board	committees	to	assist	the	Board	in	discharging	its	duties.	These	committees	are	as follows:-

## audit and risk Management Committee

The	composition	of	the	Audit	and	Risk	Management	Committee,	its	function	and	a	summary	of	its	activities	are	set	out	in	the Audit and Risk Management Committee Report of this Annual Report.

## Nomination Committee ('NC')

The	Board	recognises	the	importance	in	having	a	Board	with	appropriate	mix	of	skills,	competencies	and	expertise,	as	well	as the fundamental to how policies and strategies are shaped and contribute to the quality of decision making.

Therefore,	the	formal	procedures	for	term	of	reference	were	set	up	by	NC	as	follows:-

- Nomination,	selection,	election	and	succession	policies;
- Nomination,	selection,	election	and	succession	policies	for	members	of	the	Board	and	Board	Committees	have	been	set up	aligning	with	T7	Global's	overall	corporate	strategy;
- Director	appointment	criteria	evaluation;
- Extensive	assessment	is	conducted	for	new	Director	candidates,	which	includes	reference	check,	skills	set	and	interviews
- Review	annually	the	overall	composition	of	the	Board	in	terms	of	size	and	skills,	balance	between	Executive	Directors and	Non-Executive	Directors,	independence	and	mix	of	other	core	competencies	required	for	the	Group;
- Assess	annually	the	effectiveness	of	the	Board	and	several	key	personnel	in	the	Management	as	a	whole;	and
- Overseeing	Board	induction	and	training	programmes.

The	NC	meets	at	least	once	in	each	financial	year	and	additional	meetings	may	be	arranged	at	any	time	when	necessary.

The	NC	held	meetings	for	the	review	of	new	nominee(s)	proposed	to	be	appointed	to	the	Board,	as	Executive	Director(s)	and as	Independent	Director(s)	of	the	Group	during	the	financial	year	then	ended	and	also	reviewed	the	existing	Directors	retiring	by rotation	pursuant	to	Clause	123	of	the	Company's	Constitution	and	those	who	are	eligible	for	re-election	at	the	forthcoming	AGM.

The	composition	of	the	Board	has	been	reviewed	by	the	NC	and	the	NC	is	of	the	view	that	the	current	Board	composition	is appropriate	and	effective,	taking	into	account	the	nature	and	scope	of	the	Group's	operations.	The	Board	is	satisfied	that	the current	Board	composition	fairly	reflects	the	interests	of	the	minority	shareholders	in	the	Group	and	provides	the	appropriate balance	and	size	to	govern	the	Group	effectively.	The	Board	comprises	persons	who	as	a	group	provide	the	relevant	core competencies	and	mix	of	skills	in	the	areas	of	oil	and	gas,	financial,	legal	and	business	to	meet	the	Group's	requirements. The	Directors'	objective	judgement	on	corporate	affairs	and	collective	experience	and	knowledge	are	invaluable	to	the	Group.

## CorPoraTe GoVerNaNCe oVerVIeW STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## PrINCIPle a: board leaderShIP aNd eFFeCTIVeNeSS (CoNT'd)

## board CoMMITTee (CoNT'd)

## Nomination Committee ('NC') (cont'd)

The	composition	of	the	NC	of	the	Company	and	the	details	of	attendance	of	meetings	during	the	financial	year	under	review are as follows:-

| Name  designation/directorate  attendance*  Admiral	Tan	Sri	Dato'	Seri	Panglima	Ahmad  Kamarulzaman	Bin	Hj	Ahmad	Badaruddin	(R)  Chairman  Independent	Non-Executive  Director  2/2  CP	(R)	Dato'	Sri	Wan	Ahmad	Najmuddin	Bin	Mohd  Member  Independent	Non-Executive  Director  2/2   |
|---|

* During the financial year ended 31 December 2022, there were two (2) NC Meetings held on 21 February 2022 and 25 August 2022.

The	summary	of	activities	carried	out	by	the	NC	during	the	financial	year	are	as	follows:

- Reviewed	and	assessed	the	suitability	of	candidate	for	appointment	as	Director;
- Reviewed	the	current	composition	of	the	Board,	mix	of	skills,	experience,	gender	diversity	and	other	qualities	of	the	Board;
- Reviewed	the	assessment	of	the	effectiveness	of	the	Board	as	a	whole,	the	Board	Committees,	the	contribution	and performance	of	each	individual	Directors	and	the	term	of	office	and	effectiveness	of	the	Audit	and	Risk	Management Committee as a whole;
- Reviewed	and	recommended	to	the	Board	on	the	re-election	of	Directors	retiring	at	the	AGM;
- Reviewed	the	meetings	attendance	of	the	Board	and	members	of	the	Board	Committees	and	the	sufficiency	of	time commitment	of	the	Directors	in	discharging	their	roles	and	responsibilities	in	the	Company;
- Reviewed	the	training	programmes	attended	by	the	Board	and	the	training	needs	of	the	Directors	for	the	financial	year ending	31	December	2022;	and
- Reviewed	the	length	of	service	of	each	Independent	Non-Executive	Director	pursuant	to	Practice	4.2	of	the	Code	and to	assess	the	independence	of	the	Independent	Non-Executive	Directors.

The	Board	had	on	6	April	2022	reviewed	and	approved	the	revised	Terms	of	Reference	of	the	NC.

The	revised	terms	of	reference	of	the	NC	is	available	for	reference	on	the	Company's	website	at www.t7global.com.my.

## CorPoraTe GoVerNaNCe oVerVIeW STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## PrINCIPle a: board leaderShIP aNd eFFeCTIVeNeSS (CoNT'd)

## board CoMMITTee (CoNT'd)

## remuneration Committee ('rC')

The	Board	has	established	a	remuneration	policy	and	procedure	to	facilitate	the	RC	to	review,	consider	and	recommend	to	the Board	the	levels	and	elements	of	remuneration	of	Directors	with	executive	functions	and	the	Senior	Management.	The	Board as	a	whole	recommends	to	shareholders	the	allowances	of	the	Non-Executive	Directors	and	the	Executive	Chairman	after considering the recommendation of the RC.

The	RC	meets	at	least	once	a	year	in	each	financial	year	and	additional	meetings	may	be	called	any	time	when	necessary.

The	composition	of	the	RC	of	the	Company	and	the	details	of	attendance	of	meetings	during	the	financial	year	under	review are as follows:-

| Name  designation/directorate  attendance  CP	(R)	Dato'	Sri	Wan	Ahmad	Najmuddin	Bin	Mohd  Chairman  Independent	Non-Executive  Director  1/1  Tan sam Eng  Member  Independent	Non-Executive  Director  1/1   |
|---|

The	remuneration	packages	of	the	Executive	Directors	are	approved	by	the	Board.	The	Directors'	remuneration	scheme	is structured	to	attract,	retain	and	motivate	them	in	order	to	achieve	sustainable	growth	and	business	success.

The	Board	reviews	the	remuneration	of	the	Executive	Directors	annually	subject	to	their	respective	service	contracts	whereby the	respective	Executive	Directors	are	not	allowed	to	involve	in	the	discussion	or	contribute	to	any	decision	making	on	their own remuneration package.

The	Board	believes	that	appropriate	and	competitive	remuneration	is	important	to	attract,	retain	and	motivate	Directors	of	the necessary	calibre,	expertise	and	experience	to	lead	the	Group.	In	line	with	this	philosophy,	remuneration	for	the	Executive	Directors is	aligned	to	individual	and	corporate	performance.	For	Non-Executive	Directors,	the	fees	are	set	based	on	the	responsibilities shouldered	by	the	respective	Directors.	Individual	Directors	do	not	participate	in	determining	their	own	remuneration	package.

The	RC	recommends	policy	for	assessing	compensation	package	for	Executive	Directors.	It	also	reviews	and	recommends	to the	Board	for	approvals,	the	remuneration	packages	and	other	employment	conditions	for	the	Executive	Directors.

## CorPoraTe GoVerNaNCe oVerVIeW STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## PrINCIPle a: board leaderShIP aNd eFFeCTIVeNeSS (CoNT'd)

## board CoMMITTee (CoNT'd)

## remuneration Committee ('rC') (cont'd)

The	remuneration	of	Executive	Directors	is	made	up	of	basic	salaries,	monetary	incentives	and	fringe	benefits;	and	is	linked	to the	achievement	of	corporate	performance	targets.	Salaries	for	Executive	Directors	consist	of	both	fixed	(i.e.	base	salary)	and variable	(performance-based	incentive)	remuneration	components.	The	remuneration	levels	of	Executive	Directors	are	structured to	enable	the	Company	to	attract	and	retain	the	most	qualified	Executive	Directors.	The	Company	may	provide	competitive benefits	to	Executive	Directors,	such	as	a	fully	expensed	car	or	cash	alternative	in	lieu	of	car,	company	driver,	fuel	expenses, private	medical	insurance	and	life	insurance.	Allowances	relating	to	business	expenses	(i.e.	entertainment	and	travel)	incurred are	reimbursed	such	that	no	additional	compensation	is	given	to	the	Executive	Directors.

The	remuneration	of	Non-Executive	Directors	is	made	up	of	Directors'	fees,	meeting	allowances	and	other	benefits.	The	level of	remuneration	for	Non-Executive	Directors	shall	reflect	the	experience	and	level	of	responsibilities	undertaken	by	the	NonExecutive	Director	concerned.	The	remuneration	of	a	Non-Executive	Director	shall	and	is	not	based	on	commission,	percentage	of profits,	or	turnover.	Non-Executive	Directors	are	not	entitled	to	receive	performance-based	bonuses	nor	participate	in	short-term and/or	long-term	incentive	plans.	The	remuneration	of	Non-Executive	Directors	is	reviewed	by	the	RC	and	the	Board	annually.

The	Board	had	on	6	April	2022	adopted	the	revised	Directors	and	Senior	Management's	Remuneration	Policy.

A	copy	of	the	said	Policy	together	with	the	terms	of	reference	of	RC	are	available	for	viewing	on	the	Company's	website	at www.t7global.com.my.

The	details	of	the	remuneration	of	Directors	during	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022	are	as	follows:-

## Company

| directors'  Fees  (rM)  Salaries  (rM)  Allowance  (rM)  Benefits-  in-kind  (rM)  others  emoluments  (rM)  Total  (rM)  Independent	Non-Executive	Director  Tan sE  57,000  -  -  -  -  57,000  TsK  57,000  -  -  -  -  57,000  DSW  56,750  -  -  -  -  56,750  TsR  51,000  -  -  -  -  51,000  Subtotal  221,750  -  -  -  -  221,750  executive director  DS	Nik  -  -  -  -  -  -  Ts Tan  -  -  -  -  -  -  Tan KV  -  -  -  -  -  -  Subtotal  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total  221,750  -  -  -  -  221,750   |
|---|

## CorPoraTe GoVerNaNCe oVerVIeW STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## PrINCIPle a: board leaderShIP aNd eFFeCTIVeNeSS (CoNT'd)

## board CoMMITTee (CoNT'd)

## remuneration Committee ('rC') (cont'd)

## Group

| directors'  Fees  (rM)  Salaries  (rM)  Allowance  (rM)  Benefits-  in-kind  (rM)  others  emoluments  (rM)  Total  (rM)  Independent	Non-Executive	Director  Tan sE  57,000  -  -  -  -  57,000  TsK  57,000  -  -  -  -  57,000  DSW  56,750  -  -  -  -  56,750  TsR  51,000  -  -  -  -  51,000  Subtotal  221,750  -  -  -  -  221,750  executive director  DS	Nik  420,000  -  -  -  -  420,000  Ts Tan  -  1,140,000  -  -  380,412  1,520,412  Tan KV  -  498,000  -  -  205,922  703,922  Subtotal  420,000  1,638,000  -  -  586,334  2,644,334  Total  641,750  1,638,000  -  -  586,334  2,866,084   |
|---|

## Notes:

Tan sE :

Tan sam Eng

TSK :

Admiral	Tan	Sri	Dato'	Seri	Panglima	Ahmad	Kamarulzaman	Bin	Hj	Ahmad	Badaruddin	(R)

DSW :

Dato'	Sri	Wan	Ahmad	Najmuddin	Bin	Mohd

TSR :

Tan	Sri	Dato'	Sri	Koh	Kin	Lip,	J.P .

DS	Nik :

Datuk	Seri	Dr.	Nik	Norzrul	Thani	Bin	N.	Hassan	Thani

TS	Tan :

Tan	Sri	Datuk	Seri	Tan	Kean	Soon,	J.P .

Tan KV :

Tan Kay Vin

## CorPoraTe GoVerNaNCe oVerVIeW STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## PrINCIPle a: board leaderShIP aNd eFFeCTIVeNeSS (CoNT'd)

## board CoMMITTee (CoNT'd)

## Share Issuance Scheme Committee ('SISC')

The	SISC	shall	be	vested	with	such	powers	and	duties	as	are	conferred	upon	it	by	the	Board	including	the	following	powers:-

- To	administer	the	Share	Issuance	Scheme	(' SIS ')	and	to	grant	share	options	in	accordance	to	the	By-Laws;
- To	recommend	to	the	Board	to	establish,	amend,	and	revoke	By-Laws,	rules	and	regulations	to	facilitate	the	implementation of the sis;
- To	construct	and	interpret	the	provisions	hereof	in	the	best	interest	of	the	Group;	and
- Generally,	to	exercise	such	powers	and	perform	such	acts	as	are	deemed	necessary	or	expedient	to	promote	the	best interest of the group.

The sisC members are as follows:-

| Name  designation  Datuk	Seri	Dr.	Nik	Norzrul	Thani	bin	N.	Hassan	Thani  Member  Acting	Executive	Chairman  Tan	Sri	Datuk	Seri	Tan	Kean	Soon,	J.P .  Member  Executive	Deputy	Chairman   |
|---|

## PrINCIPle b: eFFeCTIVe aUdIT aNd rISK MaNaGeMeNT

## audit and risk Management Committee

The	Audit	and	Risk	Management	Committee	assists	the	Board	in	reviewing	and	scrutinising	the	information	in	terms	of	the appropriateness,	accuracy	and	completeness	of	disclosure	and	in	ensuring	that	the	Group's	financial	statements	comply	with applicable	financial	reporting	standards.	The	Audit	and	Risk	Management	Committee	reviews	and	monitors	the	accuracy	and integrity	of	the	Group's	quarterly	and	annual	financial	statements	and	submits	these	statements	to	the	Board	for	approval	and release within the stipulated time frame.

## Assessment	of	External	Auditors

In	line	with	Practice	9.3	of	the	MCCG,	the	Audit	and	Risk	Management	Committee	has	assessed	the	suitability,	objectivity and	independence	of	the	External	Auditors.	The	assessment	is	conducted	on	yearly	basis	by	the	Audit	and	Risk	Management Committee,	using	the	prescribed	External	Auditors'	Evaluation	Form,	with	emphasis	of	evaluation	based	on	the	competence, adequacy	of	experience	and	resources,	quality	of	the	audit	performances,	independence	and	objectivity	of	the	External	Auditors, reasonableness of audit fees and comparison of audit and non-audit fees.

The	Company's	External	Auditors	are	invited	to	attend	the	Audit	and	Risk	Management	Committee	meetings	when	deemed necessary.	The	External	Auditors	are	to	meet	with	the	AC	without	the	presence	of	the	Management	at	least	twice	during	the financial	year.

## CorPoraTe GoVerNaNCe oVerVIeW STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## PrINCIPle b: eFFeCTIVe aUdIT aNd rISK MaNaGeMeNT (CoNT'd)

## Assessment	of	External	Auditors	(cont'd)

The	Audit	and	Risk	Management	Committee,	as	part	of	its	review,	has	obtained	assurance	from	the	External	Auditors	confirming that	they	have	in	place	policies	on	rotation	for	partners	of	an	audit	engagement	to	ensure	objectivity,	independence	and	integrity of the audit and declared their independence throughout the conduct of the audit engagement in accordance with the terms of all relevant professional and regulatory requirements.

Annually,	the	Audit	and	Risk	Management	Committee	also	reviews	the	appointment,	performance	and	remuneration	of	the External	Auditors	including	audit	and	non-audit	services,	to	ensure	that	the	independence	and	objectivity	of	the	External	Auditors are	not	compromised,	before	recommending	them	to	the	shareholders	for	re-appointment	in	the	AGM.

The	Audit	and	Risk	Management	Committee	was	satisfied	with	the	performance,	suitability	and	independence	of	the	External Auditors	of	the	Company	based	on	the	quality	of	services	and	sufficiency	of	resources	they	provided	to	the	Group,	in	terms	of the	firm	and	the	professional	employees	assigned	to	the	audit.

## Risk	Management	and	Internal	Control	Framework

The	Board	acknowledges	that	risk	management	is	an	integral	part	of	good	management	practices.	Risk	is	inherent	in	all	business activities.	It	is	not	the	Group's	objective	to	eliminate	risk	totally,	but	to	review,	prioritise	and	manage	risks	involved	in	all	the	Group's activities	and	to	balance	between	the	cost	of	managing	and	treating	risks,	and	the	anticipated	benefits	that	will	be	derived.

The risk management and internal control functions were assumed and overseen by the Audit and Risk Management Committee of	the	Company.	The	Management	is	responsible	for	implementing	Board	approved	policies	and	procedures	on	risk	management by	identifying	and	evaluating	risks,	and	monitoring	the	risks	vis-a-vis	achievement	of	business	objectives	within	the	risk	appetite parameters.

The	Board	has	established	an	internal	audit	function	which	is	currently	outsourced	to	a	professional	firm.	Functionally,	the	Internal Auditors report to the Audit and Risk Management Committee directly and they are responsible for conducting reviews and appraisals	of	the	effectiveness	of	the	governance,	internal	controls	and	processes	within	the	Group.

Further	details	of	the	Group's	state	of	risk	management	and	internal	control	systems	are	reported	in	the	Statement	on	Risk Management and internal Control set out in this Annual Report.

## PrINCIPle C: INTeGrITY IN CorPoraTe rePorTING aNd MeaNINGFUl relaTIoNShIP WITh STaKeholderS

## relaTIoNShIP WITh ShareholderS

T7	Global	values	every	shareholder.	The	Board	acknowledges	it	is	a	need	to	establish	high	quality,	ongoing	dialogue	and communication	with	shareholders	and	maintain	trust.	Therefore,	the	shareholder	communication	policy	was	created	to	serve as	a	guide	and	management	of	shareholder's	requirements.

information is disseminated through the following channels:-

- Annual	Report;
- Circulars/Statement	to	shareholders;
- Various	disclosures	and	announcement	to	Bursa	Securities;	and
- Company's	website	at www.t7global.com.my.

## CorPoraTe GoVerNaNCe oVerVIeW STaTeMeNT

(CONT'D)

## PrINCIPle C: INTeGrITY IN CorPoraTe rePorTING aNd MeaNINGFUl relaTIoNShIP WITh STaKeholderS (CoNT'd)

## relaTIoNShIP WITh ShareholderS (CoNT'd)

## Access	to	Information

In	addition,	shareholders	and	investors	can	have	a	channel	of	communication	with	the	Group	Corporate	Finance	to	direct	any queries and provide feedback to the group.

Email : corpcomm@t7global.com.my

The	stakeholders	may	obtain	up-to-date	information	about	T7	Global	Berhad	by	assessing	the	website,	http://www.t7global. com.my or	 by	 accessing	 Bursa	 Malaysia	 Securities	 website	 http://www.bursamalaysia.com .  information  required  by  the shareholders	such	as	financial	results,	board	charter,	code	of	ethics	and	conduct,	and	so	on	can	be	found	from	the	corporate's website. The shareholders are informed of their rights to demand for poll prior to the commencement of each general meeting.

## Conduct	of	General	Meetings

The	main	forum	of	dialogue	with	shareholders	of	the	Company	is	the	Company's	AGM.	The	AGM	represents	the	primary platform	for	interactions	between	shareholders,	Directors	and	Senior	Management	of	the	Company.	The	Company	provides information	in	the	Notice	of	AGM,	which	are	sent	to	shareholders	at	least	28	days	prior	to	the	AGM,	on	the	details	of	general meeting,	resolutions	to	be	tabled	for	approval	and	shareholders'	entitlement	to	attend	general	meeting,	and	their	right	to	appoint proxy(ies)	to	encourage	shareholders'	participation	at	general	meeting.

All	Directors,	Senior	Management	and	the	External	Auditors	will	attend	the	general	meetings.	During	the	general	meetings, shareholders	who	attend	the	general	meetings	are	encouraged	and	given	sufficient	opportunity	as	well	as	time	by	the	Board to	raise	questions	pertaining	to	the	Annual	Report,	resolutions	being	proposed	and	the	business	of	the	Company	or	the	Group in	general	prior	to	seeking	approval	from	members	and	proxies	on	the	resolutions.	All	Directors	and	the	chair	of	every	Board Committees,	as	well	as	Senior	Management,	where	appropriate,	will	provide	feedbacks,	answers	and	clarifications	to	the questions raised from the shareholders during the general meetings.

As	part	of	the	safety	measures,	the	Company	will	continue	to	conduct	virtual	general	meetings	through	live	streaming	and using	Remote	Participation	and	Voting	Facilities	to	enhance	the	quality	of	engagement	with	its	shareholders	and	facilitate	further participation by shareholders at the forthcoming AgM. The shareholders who attended the AgM via Remote Participation could also	submit	their	questions	during	the	Meetings	for	the	Board	to	respond.

in line with Paragraph 8.29A of the Listing Requirements on the requirement for poll voting for any resolution set out in the notice of	general	meetings,	at	the	Eighteenth	AGM	held	last	year,	poll	voting	was	used	to	facilitate	the	voting	process	for	resolutions tabled. An independent scrutineer was also appointed to scrutinise the polling process.

## KeY FoCUS areaS aNd FUTUre PrIorITIeS

The	Board	has	identified	the	following	key	focus	areas	and	future	priorities	of	the	Company	for	corporate	governance,	moving forward:-

- -to	align	the	Group's	business	activities	towards	the	achievement	of	its	vision	and	objectives;
- -to	continue	on	improving	on	its	efficiencies	across	all	business	divisions	and	exploring	new	business	opportunities	to grow the Company;
- -to work towards promoting greater standards of corporate governance and instill a risk and governance awareness culture through the organisation; and
- -to	intensify	the	Group's	efforts	in	the	areas	such	as,	but	not	limited	to,	risk	management,	anti-bribery	and	anti-corruption compliance	and	Environmental,	Social	and	Governance	(ESG).

This Corporate governance statement and Corporate governance Report are made in accordance with a resolution passed by	the	Directors	at	the	Board	of	Directors'	Meeting	held	on	4	April	2023.

## STATEMENT ON DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY

FOR PREPARING THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The	Directors	are	responsible	for	ensuring	that	the	annual	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	are	drawn	up in	accordance	with	the	applicable	approved	Malaysian	Financial	Reporting	Standards	(MFRS),	International	Financial	Reporting Standards	(IFRS)	and	the	provisions	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	and	the	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	of	Bursa	Malaysia Securities	Berhad.	The	annual	financial	statements	are	prepared	with	reasonable	accuracy	from	the	accounting	records	of the	Group	and	Company	so	as	to	give	a	true	and	fair	view	of	the	financial	position	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	as	at	31 December	2022,	and	their	financial	performance	and	cash	flows	for	the	financial	year	ended.

In	the	preparation	of	the	annual	financial	statements,	the	Directors	have	also:-

- Adopted	the	appropriate	and	relevant	accounting	policies	and	applied	them	consistently;
- Made	judgments	and	estimates	that	are	reasonable	and	prudent;	and
- Assessed	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	ability	to	continue	as	going	concern,	and	confirmed	that	the	annual	financial statements are prepared using the going concern basis of accounting.

The	Directors	are	also	responsible	for:-

- Ensuring	that	the	Group	and	the	Company	keep	proper	accounting	and	other	records	to	enable	the	explanation	of transactions	and	preparation	of	financial	statements;	and
- Taking	the	necessary	steps	to	ensure	appropriate	systems	and	internal	controls	are	in	place	to	safeguard	the	assets	of the	Group	and	of	the	Company,	as	well	as	to	prevent	and	detect	fraud	and	any	other	irregularities.

The	Directors	confirmed	that	they	have	complied	with	the	above	requirements	for	the	annual	financial	statements	for	the	financial year	ended	31	December	2022.

This	statement	on	Directors'	responsibility	for	preparing	the	financial	statements	is	made	in	accordance	with	a	resolution	passed by	the	Directors	at	the	Board	of	Directors'	Meeting	held	on	4	April	2023.

## ADDITIONAL COMPLIANCE INFORMATION

## a) Audit	and	Non-Audit	Services

For	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022,	Grant	Thornton	Malaysia	PLT,	the	external	auditors	have	rendered	certain audit	and	non-audit	services	to	the	Company	and	the	Group,	a	breakdown	of	which	is	listed	as	below	for	information:-

| Company  (rM)  Group  (rM)  audit services rendered  Statutory	audit	in	respect	of	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022  69,000  429,900  Non-audit	services	rendered  Review of the statement on Risk Management and internal Control  for Annual Report 2022  10,000  10,000  Total  79,000  439,900   |
|---|

## b) Material	Contracts

There	was	no	material	contract	entered	into	by	the	Group	involving	the	interests	of	the	Directors,	Chief	Executive	who	is not	a	Director	or	major	shareholders,	either	still	subsisting	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022	or, if	not	then	subsisting,	entered	into	since	the	end	of	the	previous	financial	year.

## c) Recurrent	Related	Party	Transactions	of	a	Revenue	or	Trading	Nature	('RRPT')

The	information	on	RRPT	for	the	financial	year	under	review	are	as	follows:-

| Transacting  Company  within	T7  Global  Group  Transacting  Party  Nature	of	Transaction  Interested  related  Parties  (Note)  aggregate  Value	of	the  Transactions  conducted  pursuant	to	the  shareholder  mandate during  the FYe 2022  (rM)  Tanjung  Offshore  services  Sdn.	Bhd.  ('  ToS  ')  Crystal  ZVs  Sdn.	Bhd.  Renting	of	office	 space	 of	 5,274	 square  feet	at	Lot	C-L	16-01,	02,	03	and	3A,	KL  Trillion.	 No.	 338	 Jalan	 Tun	 Razak	 50400  Kuala  Lumpur  from  Crystal  ZVs  for  a  period of 3 years with rental payable on a  monthly basis.  TKs  (a)  Tan Kay Vin  (b)  Crystal ZVs  (f)  531,612  TOs  Blue	Ocean  Sdn.	Bhd.  Renting	of	office	 space	 of	 6,567	 square  feet	at	Lots	C-L16-05,	06,	07	and	08	at	KL  Trillion,	 No.	338,	Jalan	Tun	Razak	50400  Kuala	Lumpur	and	from	Blue	Ocean	for	a  period of 3 years with rental payable on a  monthly basis.  TKs  (a)  Puan sri shirley  Law siong  Hiong  (c)  Tan Kay Zhuin  (e)  Blue	Ocean  (g)  661,958   |
|---|

## addITIoNal CoMPlIaNCe INForMaTIoN

(CONT'D)

## c) Recurrent	Related	Party	Transactions	of	a	Revenue	or	Trading	Nature	('RRPT')	(cont'd)

| Transacting  Company  within	T7  Global  Group  Transacting  Party  Nature	of	Transaction  Interested  related  Parties  (Note)  aggregate  Value	of	the  Transactions  conducted  pursuant	to	the  shareholder  mandate during  the FYe 2022  (rM)  TOs  CP Energy  selling to and purchasing from CP Energy  of	industrial	equipment,	machineries,	spare  parts	and	lubricants	oil,	rental	paid	to	CP  Energy.  TKs  (a)  Tan Kay Vin  (b)  Puan sri shirley  Law siong  Hiong  (c)  CP Energy  (d)  5,603,189  T7  gastec  Sdn.	Bhd.  CP Energy  selling to and purchasing from CP Energy  of	 industrial	 equipment,	 machineries,  spare  parts  and  lubricants  oil.  T7g  to  provide	engineered	products,	design	and  fabrication works for processing packages  to CP Energy.  TKs  (a)  Tan Kay Vin  (b)  Puan sri shirley  Law siong  Hiong  (c)  CP Energy  (d)  NiL  T7  Wenmax  Sdn.	Bhd.  CP Energy  selling to and purchasing from CP Energy  of	industrial	equipment,	machineries,	spare  parts and lubricants oil.  TKs  (a)  Tan Kay Vin  (b)  Puan sri shirley  Law siong  Hiong  (c)  CP Energy  (d)  1,056,932  T7  Marine  Sdn.	Bhd.  CP Energy  selling to and purchasing from CP Energy  of	industrial	equipment,	machineries,	spare  parts and lubricants oil.  TKs  (a)  Tan Kay Vin  (b)  Puan sri shirley  Law siong  Hiong  (c)  CP Energy  (d)  NiL  T7  services  Sdn.	Bhd.  CP Energy  selling to and purchasing from CP Energy  of	industrial	equipment,	machineries,	spare  parts  and  lubricants  oil.  T7s  to  provide  project	 management,	 procurement	 and  engineering work to CP Energy.  TKs  (a)  Tan Kay Vin  (b)  Puan sri shirley  Law siong  Hiong  (c)  CP Energy  (d)  NiL  T7  Kemuncak  Sdn.	Bhd.  CP Energy  Providing services (including but not limited  to	oil	and	gas),	selling	to	and	purchasing  from	CP	Energy	of	industrial	equipment,  machineries,	spare	parts	and	lubricants	oil.  TKs  (a)  Tan Kay Vin  (b)  Puan sri shirley  Law siong  Hiong  (c)  CP Energy  (d)  1,563,125   |
|---|

## addITIoNal CoMPlIaNCe INForMaTIoN

(CONT'D)

## c) Recurrent	Related	Party	Transactions	of	a	Revenue	or	Trading	Nature	('RRPT')	(cont'd)

| Transacting  Company  within	T7  Global  Group  Transacting  Party  Nature	of	Transaction  Interested  related  Parties  (Note)  aggregate  Value	of	the  Transactions  conducted  pursuant	to	the  shareholder  mandate during  the FYe 2022  (rM)  T7  Aero  Sdn.	Bhd.  CP Energy  selling to and purchasing from CP Energy  of	industrial	equipment,	machineries,	spare  parts and lubricants oil.  TKs  (a)  Tan Kay Vin  (b)  Puan sri shirley  Law siong  Hiong  (c)  CP Energy  (d)  NiL  T7  AeroTech  Sdn.	Bhd.  CP Energy  selling to and purchasing from CP Energy  of	industrial	equipment,	machineries,	spare  parts and lubricants oil.  TKs  (a)  Tan Kay Vin  (b)  Puan sri shirley  Law siong  Hiong  (c)  CP Energy  (d)  335,697   |
|---|

## Nature	of	relationship

- (a) TKS,	a	Director	and	Major	Shareholder	of	T7	Global,	the	spouse	of	Puan	Sri	Shirley	Law	Siong	Hiong	and	parent of	Tan	Kay	Vin	and	Tan	Kay	Zhuin,	is	a	director	and	shareholder	of	CP	Energy	and	Crystal	ZVS.
- (b) Tan	Kay	Vin,	a	son	of	TKS	and	Puan	Sri	Shirley	Law	Siong	Hiong	and	younger	brother	of	Tan	Kay	Zhuin,	is	a	Director of T7 global as well as a director and shareholder of CP Energy and Crystal ZVs.
- (c) Puan	Sri	Shirley	Law	Siong	Hiong,	the	spouse	of	TKS	and	parent	of	Tan	Kay	Vin	and	Tan	Kay	Zhuin,	as	well	as	a Substantial	Shareholder	of	T7	Global,	is	a	director	and	shareholder	of	CP	Energy	and	Blue	Ocean.
- (d) CP	Energy,	a	company	connected	to	TKS	by	virtue	of	him,	his	spouse	and	Tan	Kay	Vin's	interests	in	CP	Energy, pursuant to section 8 of the Act.
- (e) Tan	Kay	Zhuin,	a	son	of	TKS	and	Puan	Sri	Shirley	Law	Siong	Hiong	and	elder	brother	of	Tan	Kay	Vin,	is	a	director and	shareholder	of	Blue	Ocean.
- (f) Crystal	ZVS,	a	company	connected	to	TKS	by	virtue	of	his	and	Tan	Kay	Vin's	interest	in	Crystal	ZVS,	pursuant	to section 8 of the Act.
- (g) Blue	Ocean,	a	company	connected	to	TKS	by	virtue	of	his	spouse	and	Tan	Kay	Zhuin's	interest	in	Blue	Ocean, pursuant to section 8 of the Act.
- (h) Philip	Sim	Wai	Han,	is	a	Shareholder	and	Director	of	both	T7	Subsea and COPL.

## addITIoNal CoMPlIaNCe INForMaTIoN

(CONT'D)

## d) Utilisation	of	proceeds	raised	from	corporate	proposals

There	were	no	proceeds	raised	from	corporate	proposals	during	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022.

## e) Employees'	Share	Option	Scheme	('ESOS')	Options

At	the	Extraordinary	General	Meeting	held	on	22	December	2016,	the	Company's	shareholders	approved	the	establishment of	ESOS	options	for	the	eligible	Directors	and	employees	of	the	Group.		The	ESOS	shall	be	in	force	for	a	period	of	ten (10)	years	commencing	from	28	March	2018	and	will	expire	on	27	March	2028.

During	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022,	none	of	the	ESOS	options	was	granted	to	the	eligible	Directors	and employees of the group.

In	accordance	with	the	Company's	By-Laws	of	the	ESOS,	not	more	than	50	per	centum	(50%)	of	the	Company's	ordinary shares	available	under	the	ESOS	shall	be	allocated,	in	aggregate,	to	Directors	and	senior	management	of	the	Group. Percentage	of	options	and	shares	granted	to	Directors	and	senior	management	under	the	ESOS	is	set	out	below:

| Description  directors and Senior Management  during the financial year  Since	commencement	up	to  31	December	2022  EsOs  -  -   |
|---|

## FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CoNTENTS

| Directors' Report  ............................................  84  Statement by Directors  ..................................  90  Statutory Declaration   ......................................  90  Independent Auditors' Report   ........................  91  Statements of Financial Position   ....................  96   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income  ................

Statements of Changes in Equity   ...................

Statements of Cash Flows  .............................

Notes to the Financial Statements  .................

98

100

103

107

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

The	Directors	have	pleasure	in	submitting	their	report	together	with	the	audited	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the Company	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022.

## PrINCIPal aCTIVITIeS

The Company is principally engaged in investment holding. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are described in Note 8 to	the	financial	statements.

There	have	been	no	significant	changes	in	the	nature	of	these	activities	of	the	Company	and	its	subsidiaries	during	the	financial year.

## FINaNCIal reSUlTS

| Group  Company  rM  rM  Profit	after	tax	for	the	financial	year  20,238,967  17,755,595  Attributable to:-  Owners	of	the	Company  20,352,636  17,755,595  Non-controlling	interests  (113,669)  -  20,238,967  17,755,595   |
|---|

## reSerVeS aNd ProVISIoNS

There	were	no	material	transfers	to	or	from	reserves	or	provisions	during	the	financial	year.

## dIVIdeNdS

There	were	no	dividends	proposed,	declared	or	paid	by	the	Company	since	the	end	of	the	previous	financial	year.

The	Directors	do	not	recommend	any	final	dividend	payment	for	the	current	financial	year.

## dIreCTorS

The	name	of	the	Directors	of	the	Company	and	its	subsidiaries	in	office	during	the	financial	year	and	during	the	period	commencing from	the	end	of	the	financial	year	to	the	date	of	this	report	are:-

Datuk	Seri	Dr.	Nik	Norzrul	Thani	Bin	Nik	Hassan	Thani* Tan	Sri	Datuk	Seri	Tan	Kean	Soon,	J.P .* Tan sam Eng Tan	Kay	Vin* CP	(R)	Dato'	Sri	Wan	Ahmad	Najmuddin	Bin	Mohd Tan	Sri	Dato'	Sri	Koh	Kin	Lip,	J.P .

Admiral	Tan	Sri	Dato'	Seri	Panglima	Ahmad	Kamarulzaman	Bin	Hj	Ahmad	Badaruddin	(R)

Datuk	Seri	Rahim	Bin	Ismail	(Appointed	on	1	March	2023)

* Directors	of	the	Company	and	certain	of	its	subsidiaries.

In	accordance	with	Clause	123	of	the	Company's	Constitution,	Tan	Sri	Datuk	Seri	Tan	Kean	Soon,	J.P .	and	CP	(R)	Dato'	Sri Wan	Ahmad	Najmuddin	Bin	Mohd	will	retire	from	the	Board	by	rotation	at	the	forthcoming	Annual	General	Meeting	and,	being eligible,	offer	themselves	for	re-election.

The	Directors	of	the	subsidiaries	since	the	beginning	of	the	financial	year	to	the	date	of	this	report,	not	including	those	Directors listed above are:-

Ariyathach Vangsiriphajara Dato'	Yong	Chong	Long Julaluck	Thapanathamchai Law	Siong	Hiong Mohd	Akram	Bin	Che	Hamat Muhamad	Azarudin	Bin	Abdullah Noor	Haniza	Binti	Zainuddin Ong	Fee	Peng See	Chan	@	Chan	Seng	Fwee Sim	Wai	Han Tan	GuoFu Tan Kay shen Tan Kay Zhuin Tan Kean seng Zhang Zhong Qing Nurul	Syifaq	Binti	Malek	(Appointed	on	9	November	2022) Nurul	Huzaity	Binti	Hasni	(Appointed	on	16	February	2023) Nor	Afida	Binti	Zairafie	(Appointed	on	9	November	2022) Shamsina	Binti	Mustapur	(Appointed	on	3	June	2022) Ybhg.	Jeneral	Tan	Sri	Dato'	Sri	Abdul	Aziz	Bin	Zainul	(B)	(Appointed	on	7	July	2022) Norazilawati	Binti	Ahmad	(Appointed	on	25	April	2022	and	Resigned	on	16	February	2023) Abd	Halim	Bin	Hashim	(Resigned	on	3	June	2022) Mohd	Azman	Bin	Mohd	Yakim	(Resigned	on	9	November	2022) Paula	Jose	Kilgour	(Resigned	on	25	April	2022) Rimayana	Binti	Ibrahim	(Resigned	on	7	July	2022)

## dIreCTorS' rePorT

(CONT'D)

## dIreCTorS' rePorT

(CONT'D)

## dIreCTorS' INTereSTS IN ShareS

According	to	the	Register	of	Directors'	Shareholdings	required	to	be	kept	under	Section	59	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	in Malaysia,	the	interests	and	deemed	interests	in	the	ordinary	shares	of	the	Company	and	its	related	corporations	of	those	who were	Directors	as	at	the	financial	year	end	(including	the	interests	of	the	spouses	or	children	of	the	Directors	who	themselves are	not	Directors	of	the	Company)	are	as	follows:-

| Number	of	ordinary	shares  at  at  1.1.2022  Bought  Sold  31.12.2022  Interests	in	the	Company  direct interests  Datuk	Seri	Dr.	Nik	Norzrul	Thani  Bin	Nik	Hassan	Thani  1,000,000  -  -  1,000,000  Tan	Sri	Datuk	Seri	Tan	Kean	Soon,	J.P .  75,257,250  7,809,000  -  83,066,250  Tan	Kay	Vin  13,770,300  -  -  13,770,300  Admiral	Tan	Sri	Dato'	Seri	Panglima  Ahmad Kamarulzaman  Bin	Hj	Ahmad	Badaruddin	(R)  1,305,500  -  -  1,305,500  CP	(R)	Dato'	Sri	Wan	Ahmad	Najmuddin  Bin	Mohd  2,772,000  -  -  2,772,000  Tan	Sri	Dato'	Sri	Koh	Kin	Lip,	J.P .  17,244,524  -  -  17,244,524  Tan	Sam	Eng  -  600,000  -  600,000  deemed interests  Datuk	Seri	Dr.	Nik	Norzrul	Thani  Bin	Nik	Hassan	Thani*  21,770,600  33,370,000  -  55,140,600  Tan	Sri	Datuk	Seri	Tan	Kean	Soon,	J.P .#  63,358,100  550,400  -  63,908,500  Tan	Sam	Eng#  -  300,000  -  300,000   |
|---|

* Deemed	interest	by	virtue	of	his	shareholdings	in	Abyssina	Resources	(M)	Sdn.	Bhd.	pursuant	to	Section	8	of	the Companies Act 2016.

# Deemed	interest	by	virtue	of	shares	held	by	his/her	spouse	and	children	pursuant	to	Section	59(11)(c)	of	the	Companies Act 2016.

Except	as	disclosed,	none	of	the	other	Directors	in	office	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year	held	any	interest	in	shares	of	the Company	or	its	any	related	corporations	during	the	financial	year.

## ISSUe oF ShareS aNd debeNTUreS

There	were	no	changes	in	the	issued	and	paid-up	capital	and	no	issuance	of	debentures	during	the	financial	year.

## dIreCTorS' reMUNeraTIoN aNd beNeFITS

During	the	financial	year,	the	fees	and	other	benefits	received	and	receivables	by	the	Directors	of	the	Company	and	its	subsidiaries are as follows:-

| Incurred  Incurred  by	the  by	the  Company  Subsidiaries  Total  rM  rM  rM  Salaries	and	other	emoluments  -  2,570,862  2,570,862  Defined	contribution	plans  -  612,493  612,493  Directors'	fees  221,750  420,000  641,750  221,750  3,603,355  3,825,105   |
|---|

During	and	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year,	no	arrangements	subsisted	to	which	the	Company	is	a	party,	with	the	object	or objects	of	enabling	Directors	of	the	Company	to	acquire	benefits	by	means	of	the	acquisition	of	shares	in,	or	debentures	of, the Company or any other body corporate.

## TreaSUrY ShareS

There	were	no	repurchase	or	resale	of	treasury	shares	during	the	financial	year.

As	at	31	December	2022,	the	Company	held	17,348,800	treasury	shares	out	of	the	total	757,054,856	issued	ordinary	shares. Further	relevant	details	are	disclosed	in	Note	17	to	the	financial	statements.

## eMPloYeeS' Share oPTIoN SCheMe ('eSoS')

At	an	Extraordinary	General	Meeting	held	on	22	December	2016,	the	Company's	shareholders	approved	the	establishment	of ESOS	for	the	eligible	Directors	and	employees	of	the	Group.	The	ESOS	shall	be	in	force	for	a	period	of	ten	(10)	years	commencing from	28	March	2017	and	will	expire	on	27	March	2027.

The	salient	features	of	the	ESOS	are	disclosed	in	Note	32	to	the	financial	statements.	However,	the	ESOS	has	not	been	granted since	22	December	2016.

## INdeMNITY aNd INSUraNCe For dIreCTorS aNd oFFICerS

The	Company	maintains	Directors'	and	Officers'	liabilities	insurance	for	the	purpose	of	Section	289	of	the	Companies	Act	2016, throughout	the	financial	year	which	provides	appropriate	insurance	coverage	for	the	Directors	and	Officers	of	the	Company and	its	subsidiaries.	The	amount	of	indemnity	coverage	and	insurance	premium	paid	during	the	financial	year	amounted	to RM30,000,000	and	RM52,000	respectively.

In	addition,	the	Group	has	taken	a	Keyman	policy	on	the	life	of	a	Director	of	the	subsidiary,	with	the	total	amount	of	premium paid	in	financial	year	ended	2020	amounting	to	RM1,636,511.	The	policy	was	taken	up	pursuant	to	the	terms	of	the	banking facilities granted to a subsidiary and the policy is assigned to the said bank as security. The policy provides a guaranteed refund with	cash	value	of	RM1,469,411	at	the	end	of	the	term	of	five	(5)	years,	maturing	on	22	November	2025	and	unless	there	are claims	outstanding	with	the	said	bank,	all	proceeds	at	maturity	shall	be	paid	and	attributable	to	the	subsidiary.

## dIreCTorS' rePorT

(CONT'D)

## dIreCTorS' rePorT

(CONT'D)

## oTher STaTUTorY INForMaTIoN

Before	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	were	made	out,	the	Directors	took	reasonable	steps:-

- (a) to ascertain that proper action had been taken in relation to the writing off of bad debts and the making of provision for doubtful	debts,	and	satisfied	themselves	that	all	known	bad	debts	had	been	written	off	and	that	adequate	provision	had been made for doubtful debts; and
- (b) to ensure that any current assets which were unlikely to be realised in the ordinary course of business including their values as shown in the accounting records of the group and of the Company have been written down to an amount which	they	might	be	expected	so	to	realise.

At	the	date	of	this	report,	the	Directors	are	not	aware	of	any	circumstances:-

- (a) which	would	render	the	amounts	written	off	for	bad	debts	or	the	amount	of	the	provision	for	doubtful	debts	in	the	financial statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	inadequate	to	any	substantial	extent;	or
- (b) which	would	render	the	values	attributed	to	current	assets	in	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company misleading; or
- (c) which	have	arisen	which	would	render	adherence	to	the	existing	method	of	valuation	of	assets	or	liabilities	of	the	Group and of the Company misleading or inappropriate; or
- (d) not	otherwise	dealt	with	in	this	report	or	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	which	would	render any	amount	stated	in	the	financial	statements	misleading.

At	the	date	of	this	report,	there	does	not	exist:-

- (a) any	charge	on	assets	of	the	Group	or	of	the	Company	which	has	arisen	since	the	end	of	the	financial	year	which	secures the liability of any other person; or
- (b) any	contingent	liability	of	the	Group	or	of	the	Company	which	has	arisen	since	the	end	of	the	financial	year.

In	the	opinion	of	the	Directors:-

- (a) no contingent liability or other liability has become enforceable or is likely to become enforceable within the period of twelve	months	after	the	end	of	the	financial	year	which	will	or	may	substantially	affect	the	ability	of	the	Group	and	of	the Company to meet their obligations as and when they fall due;
- (b) the	results	of	the	operations	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	during	the	financial	year	were	not	substantially	affected by	any	item,	transaction	or	event	of	a	material	and	unusual	nature;	and
- (c) there	has	not	arisen	in	the	interval	between	the	end	of	the	financial	year	and	the	date	of	this	report	any	item,	transaction or event of a material and unusual nature likely to affect substantially the results of the operations of the group and of the	Company	for	the	current	financial	year	in	which	this	report	is	made.

## aUdITorS

The	total	amount	of	fees	paid	to	or	receivables	by	the	Auditors,	Grant	Thornton	Malaysia	PLT,	as	remuneration	for	their	services as	Auditors	of	the	Company	and	its	subsidiaries	are	amounted	to	RM79,000	and	RM360,900	respectively.

There was no indemnity given to or insurance effected for the Auditors of the Company.

The	Auditors,	Grant	Thornton	Malaysia	PLT,	have	expressed	their	willingness	to	continue	in	office.

Signed	on	behalf	of	the	Directors	in	accordance	with	a	resolution	of	the	Board	of	Directors.

)

)

)

)

)

)

)

)

)

)

)

TAN	SRI	DATUK	SERI	TAN	KEAN	SOON,	J.P.

daTUK SerI dr. NIK NorZrUl ThaNI bIN NIK haSSaN ThaNI

Kuala Lumpur 18 April 2023

dIreCTorS

## dIreCTorS' rePorT

(CONT'D)

In	the	opinion	of	the	Directors,	the	financial	statements	set	out	on	pages	96	to	196	are	drawn	up	in	accordance	with	Malaysian Financial	Reporting	Standards,	International	Financial	Reporting	Standards	and	the	requirements	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	in Malaysia	so	as	to	give	a	true	and	fair	view	of	the	financial	position	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	as	at	31	December	2022 and	of	their	financial	performance	and	their	cash	flows	for	the	financial	year	then	ended.

Signed	on	behalf	of	the	Directors	in	accordance	with	a	resolution	of	the	Board	of	Directors.

TAN	SRI	DATUK	SERI	TAN	KEAN	SOON,	J.P.

DATUK	SERI	DR.	NIK	NORZRUL ThaNI bIN NIK haSSaN ThaNI

Kuala Lumpur 18 April 2023

## STATUTORY DECLARATION

I,	Ong	Fee	Peng,	being	the	Officer	primarily	responsible	for	the	financial	management	of	T7	Global	Berhad,	do	solemnly	and sincerely	declare	that	to	the	best	of	my	knowledge	and	belief,	the	financial	statements	set	out	on	pages	96	to	196	are	correct and	I	make	this	solemn	declaration	conscientiously	believing	the	same	to	be	true	and	by	virtue	of	the	Statutory	Declarations Act 1960.

subscribed and solemnly declared by ) the abovenamed at Kuala Lumpur in ) the	Federal	Territory	this	day	of 18 April 2023 )

)

oNG Fee PeNG

(MiA NO.: CA 25668)

Before	me:

Commissioner for Oaths

## STATEMENT BY DIRECTORS

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF T7 GLOBAL BERHAD

## rePorT oN The aUdIT oF The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

## Opinion

We	have	audited	the	financial	statements	of	T7	Global	Berhad,	which	comprise	the	statements	of	financial	position	as	at	31 December	2022	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company,	and	the	statements	of	profit	or	loss	and	other	comprehensive	income, statements	of	changes	in	equity	and	statements	of	cash	flows	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	for	the	financial	year	then	ended, and	notes	to	the	financial	statements,	including	a	summary	of	significant	accounting	policies,	as	set	out	on	pages	96	to	196.

In	our	opinion,	the	accompanying	financial	statements	give	a	true	and	fair	view	of	the	financial	position	of	the	Group	and	of	the Company	as	at	31	December	2022,	and	of	their	financial	performance	and	their	cash	flows	for	the	financial	year	then	ended	in accordance	with	Malaysian	Financial	Reporting	Standards,	International	Financial	Reporting	Standards	and	the	requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.

## Basis	for	Opinion

We	conducted	our	audit	in	accordance	with	approved	standards	on	auditing	in	Malaysia	and	International	Standards	on	Auditing. Our	responsibilities	under	those	standards	are	further	described	in	the	Auditors'	Responsibilities	for	the	Audit	of	the	Financial Statements	section	of	our	report.	We	believe	that	the	audit	evidence	we	have	obtained	is	sufficient	and	appropriate	to	provide a basis for our opinion.

## Independence and Other Ethical Responsibilities

We	are	independent	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	in	accordance	with	the	By-Laws	(on	Professional	Ethics,	Conduct	and Practice)	of	the	Malaysian	Institute	of	Accountants	('By-Laws')	and	the	International	Ethics	Standards	Board	for	Accountants' International	Code	of	Ethics	for	Professional	Accountants	(including	International	Independence	Standards)	('IESBA	Code'), and	we	have	fulfilled	our	other	ethical	responsibilities	in	accordance	with	the	By-Laws	and	the	IESBA	Code.

## Key audit Matters

Key	audit	matters	are	those	matters	that,	in	our	professional	judgement,	were	of	most	significance	in	our	audit	of	the	financial statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	for	the	current	financial	year.	These	matters	were	addressed	in	the	context	of	our audit	of	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	as	a	whole,	and	in	forming	our	opinion	thereon,	and	we	do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Impairment Losses on Trade Receivables and Contract Assets

## The risk

Referring	to	Notes	14	and	15	to	the	financial	statements.	We	focused	on	this	area	because	the	Group	has	material	amounts	of trade receivables that are past due but not impaired and contract assets. Management judgement is required in determining the completeness of the provision for the trade receivables and contract assets and assessing their adequacy through considering the	expected	recoverability.

## Our	Response

We	have	reviewed	the	ageing	of	trade	receivables	in	comparison	to	previous	years,	testing	the	integrity	of	ageing	by	calculating the due date for a sample of invoices and reviewing the level of bad debts written off in the current year against the prior years. Besides,	we	have	reviewed	the	ageing	of	the	contract	assets	in	comparison	to	previous	years	and	reviewed	the	reversal	of contract	assets	in	the	current	year	and	prior	years.	We	had	also	assessed	the	reasonableness	of	assumptions	and	judgements made	by	the	management	regarding	the	expected	credit	losses	rates	through	examination	of	subsequent	collections	and subsequent billings.

## INdePeNdeNT aUdITorS' rePorT

(CONT'D)

## rePorT oN The aUdIT oF The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS (CoNT'd)

## Key audit Matters (cont'd)

## Inventories - Valuation Net

## The risk

Referring	to	Note	13	to	the	financial	statements.	The	Group	holds	a	significant	amount	of	inventories	which	are	subject	to	a	risk that	the	inventories	become	slow-moving	or	obsolete,	such	that	they	could	not	be	sold	or	only	be	sold	for	selling	prices	that are less than the carrying value. There is inherent subjectivity and estimation required in determining the accuracy of inventory obsolescence provision and in making an assessment of its adequacy due to risks such as inventories prices not valid and inventories not stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

## Our	Response

For	inventories,	we	tested	the	methodology	for	calculating	the	provisions,	challenged	the	appropriateness	and	consistency	of judgements	and	assumptions,	and	considered	the	nature	and	suitability	of	historic	data	used	in	estimating	the	provisions.	In doing	so,	we	obtained	understanding	on	the	ageing	profile	of	inventories,	the	process	for	identifying	specific	problem	inventories and historic loss rates.

## Revenue Recognition

## The risk

Referring	to	Note	24	to	the	financial	statements.	There	are	significant	accounting	judgements	involved	including	determining the	stage	of	completion,	the	timing	of	revenue	recognition	and	the	calculation	under	the	percentage	of	completion	method made	by	management	in	applying	the	Group's	revenue	recognition	policy	to	long	term	contract	entered	into	by	the	Group.	The nature of these judgements may result in them being susceptible to management override.

Contract	revenue	should	include	the	amount	agreed	in	the	initial	contract,	plus	revenue	from	alternations	in	the	original	contract work,	plus	claims	and	incentive	payments	that	are	expected	to	be	collected	and	that	can	be	measured	reliably.

## Our	Response

We	performed	a	range	of	audit	procedures	which	include	obtaining	a	sample	of	contracts	or	letter	of	awards,	reviewing	for change	orders	or	variation	orders,	reviewing	estimated	profit	and	costs	to	complete	and	enquiring	of	key	personnel	regarding adjustments	for	job	costing	and	potential	contract	losses.	We	also	performed	testing	procedures	over	routine	sales	transactions.

## Impairment Assessment on the Carrying Amounts of Investment in Subsidiaries

## The risk

Referring	to	Note	8	to	the	financial	statements.	There	are	significant	judgements	and	estimates	about	future	results	and	key assumptions	applied	to	cash	flow	projections	of	a	subsidiary	in	determining	the	recoverable	amounts.	In	this	instance,	the recoverable	amount	is	based	on	value-in-use.	These	key	assumptions	include	different	budgeted	operating	profit	margins, growth	rate,	terminal	values	as	well	as	determining	an	appropriate	pre-tax	discount	rate.

## Our	Response

We	have	assessed	and	challenged	the	key	assumptions	used	in	forecasting	revenues,	operating	profits	margin	and	growth rates.	We	have	assessed	appropriateness	of	pre-tax	discount	rates	used	by	management	by	comparing	to	the	market	data, weighted average cost of capital of the subsidiary and relevant risk factors and performed sensitivity analysis of our own to stress test the key assumptions used in the forecast.

## INdePeNdeNT aUdITorS' rePorT

(CONT'D)

## rePorT oN The aUdIT oF The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS (CoNT'd)

## Information	Other	than	the	Financial	Statements	and	Auditors'	Report	Thereon

The	Directors	of	the	Company	are	responsible	for	the	other	information.	The	other	information	comprises	the	information included	in	the	annual	report,	but	does	not	include	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	and	our	auditors' report thereon.

Our	opinion	on	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	does	not	cover	the	other	information	and	we	do	not express	any	form	of	assurance	conclusion	thereon.

In	connection	with	our	audit	of	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company,	our	responsibility	is	to	read	the	other information	and,	in	doing	so,	consider	whether	the	other	information	is	materially	inconsistent	with	the	financial	statements	of the group and of the Company or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If,	based	on	the	work	we	have	performed,	we	conclude	that	there	is	a	material	misstatement	of	this	other	information,	we	are required	to	report	that	fact.	As	at	the	date	of	our	report,	except	for	the	Directors'	Report,	the	remaining	other	information	has not been made available to us for our reading and accordingly we are unable to report in this regard.

However,	if	after	reading	the	other	information	when	available	and	we	conclude	there	is	a	material	misstatement	therein,	we	will communicate	same	to	the	Directors	of	the	Company.

## Responsibilities	of	the	Directors	for	the	Financial	Statements

The	Directors	of	the	Company	are	responsible	for	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	that give	a	true	and	fair	view	in	accordance	with	Malaysian	Financial	Reporting	Standards,	International	Financial	Reporting	Standards and	the	requirements	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	in	Malaysia.	The	Directors	are	also	responsible	for	such	internal	control	as the	Directors	determine	is	necessary	to	enable	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	that are	free	from	material	misstatement,	whether	due	to	fraud	or	error.

In	preparing	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company,	the	Directors	are	responsible	for	assessing	the	Group's and	the	Company's	ability	to	continue	as	a	going	concern,	disclosing,	as	applicable,	matters	related	to	going	concern	and	using the	going	concern	basis	of	accounting	unless	the	Directors	either	intend	to	liquidate	the	Group	or	the	Company	or	to	cease operations,	or	have	no	realistic	alternative	but	to	do	so.

## Auditor's	Responsibilities	for	the	Audit	of	the	Financial	Statements

Our	objectives	are	to	obtain	reasonable	assurance	about	whether	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company as	a	whole	are	free	from	material	misstatement,	whether	due	to	fraud	or	error,	and	to	issue	an	auditors'	report	that	includes	our opinion.	Reasonable	assurance	is	a	high	level	of	assurance,	but	is	not	a	guarantee	that	an	audit	conducted	in	accordance	with approved standards on Auditing in Malaysia and international standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when	it	exists.	Misstatements	can	arise	from	fraud	or	error	and	are	considered	material	if,	individually	or	in	the	aggregate,	they could	reasonably	be	expected	to	influence	the	economic	decisions	of	users	taken	on	the	basis	of	these	financial	statements.

As	part	of	an	audit	in	accordance	with	approved	standards	on	auditing	in	Malaysia	and	International	Standards	on	Auditing,	we exercise	professional	judgement	and	maintain	professional	scepticism	throughout	the	audit.	We	also:

- -Identify	and	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company, whether	due	to	fraud	or	error,	design	and	perform	audit	procedures	responsive	to	those	risks,	and	obtain	audit	evidence that	is	sufficient	and	appropriate	to	provide	a	basis	for	our	opinion.	The	risk	of	not	detecting	a	material	misstatement resulting	from	fraud	is	higher	than	for	one	resulting	from	error,	as	fraud	may	involve	collusion,	forgery,	intentional	omissions, misrepresentations,	or	the	override	of	internal	control.

## INdePeNdeNT aUdITorS' rePorT

(CONT'D)

## rePorT oN The aUdIT oF The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS (CoNT'd)

## Auditor's	Responsibilities	for	the	Audit	of	the	Financial	Statements	(cont'd)

As	part	of	an	audit	in	accordance	with	approved	standards	on	auditing	in	Malaysia	and	International	Standards	on	Auditing,	we exercise	professional	judgement	and	maintain	professional	scepticism	throughout	the	audit.	We	also	(cont'd):

- -Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in	the	circumstances,	but	not	for	the	purpose	of	expressing	an	opinion	on	the	effectiveness	of	the	Group's	and	of	the Company's	internal	control.
- -Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures	made	by	the	Directors.
- -Conclude	on	the	appropriateness	of	the	Directors'	use	of	the	going	concern	basis	of	accounting	and,	based	on	the audit	evidence	obtained,	whether	a	material	uncertainty	exists	related	to	events	or	conditions	that	may	cast	significant doubt	on	the	Group's	or	the	Company's	ability	to	continue	as	a	going	concern.	If	we	conclude	that	a	material	uncertainty exists,	we	are	required	to	draw	attention	in	our	auditors'	report	to	the	related	disclosures	in	the	financial	statements	of the	Group	and	of	the	Company	or,	if	such	disclosures	are	inadequate,	to	modify	our	opinion.	Our	conclusions	are	based on	the	audit	evidence	obtained	up	to	the	date	of	our	auditors'	report.	However,	future	events	or	conditions	may	cause the group or the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
- -Evaluate	the	overall	presentation,	structure	and	content	of	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company, including	the	disclosures,	and	whether	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	represent	the	underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- -Obtain	sufficient	appropriate	audit	evidence	regarding	the	financial	information	of	the	entities	or	business	activities	within the	Group	in	order	to	express	an	opinion	on	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group.	We	are	responsible	for	the	direction, supervision	and	performance	of	the	group	audit.	We	remain	solely	responsible	for	our	audit	opinion.

We	communicated	with	the	Directors	regarding,	among	other	matters,	the	planned	scope	and	timing	of	the	audit	and	significant audit	findings,	including	any	significant	deficiencies	in	internal	control	that	we	identified	during	our	audit.

We	also	provided	the	Directors	with	a	statement	that	we	have	complied	with	relevant	ethical	requirements	regarding	independence, and	to	communicate	with	them	all	relationships	and	other	matters	that	may	reasonably	be	thought	to	bear	on	our	independence, and	where	applicable,	actions	taken	to	eliminate	threats	or	safeguards	applied.

From	the	matters	communicated	with	the	Directors,	we	determined	those	matters	that	were	of	most	significant	in	the	audit	of	the financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	for	the	current	financial	year	and	are	therefore	the	key	audit	matters.	We described	these	matters	in	our	auditors'	report	unless	law	or	regulation	precludes	public	disclosure	about	the	matter	or	when, in	extremely	rare	circumstances,	we	determine	that	a	matter	should	not	be	communicated	in	our	report	because	the	adverse consequences	of	doing	so	would	reasonably	be	expected	to	outweigh	the	public	interest	benefits	of	such	communication.

## Report	on	other	Legal	and	Regulatory	Requirements

In	accordance	with	the	requirements	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	in	Malaysia,	we	report	that	the	subsidiaries	of	which	we	have not	acted	as	auditors,	are	disclosed	in	Note	8	to	the	financial	statements.

## INdePeNdeNT aUdITorS' rePorT

(CONT'D)

## rePorT oN The aUdIT oF The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS (CoNT'd)

## other Matters

This	report	is	made	solely	to	the	members	of	the	Company,	as	a	body,	in	accordance	with	Section	266	of	the	Companies	Act 2016	in	Malaysia	and	for	no	other	purpose.	We	do	not	assume	responsibility	to	any	other	person	for	the	content	of	this	report.

GraNT ThorNToN MalaYSIa PlT (201906003682	&amp;	LLP0022494-LCA) CHARTERED	ACCOUNTANTS	(AF	0737)

Kuala Lumpur 18 April 2023

Foo lee MeNG (NO:	03069/07/2023(J)) CHARTERED	ACCOUNTANT

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  aSSeTS  Non-current	assets  Property,	plant	and	equipment  4  711,909,215  422,223,614  -  -  Right-of-use	assets  5  34,161,662  25,206,561  -  -  Investment	properties  6  16,200,000  6,950,773  -  -  Intangible	assets  7  -  -  -  -  Investment	in	subsidiaries  8  -  -  182,033,814  149,179,161  Other	investments  9  1,107,294  1,245,810  864,169  781,564  Other	receivables  10  1,471,965  1,419,445  -  -  Amount	due	from	subsidiaries  8  -  -  92,507,462  106,366,378  Cash	and	bank	balances,	deposits  and	placements  11  4,116,254  3,589,596  -  -  Deferred	tax	assets  12  4,764,900  12,963,000  -  -  Total	non-current	assets  773,731,290  473,598,799  275,405,445  256,327,103  Current assets  Inventories  13  111,748,491  67,517,405  -  -  Trade	receivables  14  81,516,619  100,591,169  -  -  Other	receivables  10  10,568,068  30,017,965  -  750,500  Contract	assets  15  16,560,229  60,024,974  -  -  Amount	due	from	subsidiaries  8  -  -  1,593,200  1,591,479  Tax	recoverable  5,710,017  4,199,435  -  -  Cash	and	bank	balances,	deposits  and	placements  11  33,046,603  93,336,065  392,746  1,157,892  Total current assets  259,150,027  355,687,013  1,985,946  3,499,871  ToTal aSSeTS  1,032,881,317  829,285,812  277,391,391  259,826,974   |
|---|

## STaTeMeNTS oF FINaNCIal PoSITIoN

(CONT'D)

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  eQUITY aNd lIabIlITIeS  Equity	attributable	to	owners  of	the	Company  Share	capital  16  249,949,521  249,949,521  249,949,521  249,949,521  Treasury	shares  17  (9,699,396)  (9,699,396)  (9,699,396)  (9,699,396)  Reserves  18  24,356,513  18,529,494  57,047,983  57,047,983  Retained	earnings/  (Accumulated	losses)  27,990,668  7,533,483  (20,107,824)  (37,863,419)  292,597,306  266,313,102  277,190,284  259,434,689  Non-controlling	interests  (612,341)  (453,704)  -  -  Total equity  291,984,965  265,859,398  277,190,284  259,434,689  lIabIlITIeS  Non-current	liabilities  Lease	liabilities  19  11,705,859  5,092,068  -  -  Borrowings  20  389,750,060  292,841,634  -  -  Government	grants  21  4,287,466  4,267,312  -  -  Deferred	tax	liabilities  12  853,585  297,432  -  -  Total	non-current	liabilities  406,596,970  302,498,446  -  -  Current	liabilities  Trade	payables  22  43,445,449  52,862,340  -  -  Other	payables  23  36,248,156  48,319,307  182,574  195,124  Contract	liabilities  15  5,400  12,808,593  -  -  Amount	due	to	a	subsidiary  8  -  -  1  1  Lease	liabilities  19  4,359,855  2,711,766  -  -  Borrowings  20  248,419,692  143,316,405  -  -  Government	grants  21  248,548  517,250  -  -  Tax	payable  1,572,282  392,307  18,532  197,160  Total	current	liabilities  334,299,382  260,927,968  201,107  392,285  ToTal lIabIlITIeS  740,896,352  563,426,414  201,107  392,285  ToTal eQUITY aNd lIabIlITIeS  1,032,881,317  829,285,812  277,391,391  259,826,974   |
|---|

The	accompanying	notes	form	an	integral	part	of	the	financial	statements.

## STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Revenue  24  362,970,032  305,495,532  1,207,406  4,707,406  Cost	of	sales  (272,214,839)  (242,179,161)  -  -  Gross	profit  90,755,193  63,316,371  1,207,406  4,707,406  Other	income  8,694,278  3,804,399  92,231  21,092  Operating	expenses  (51,704,304)  (39,203,877)  (1,302,588)  (1,403,881)  Net	(loss)/reversal	on	impairment  of	non-financial	assets  -  (56,681)  32,854,653  3,338,208  Net loss on impairment loss  on	financial	assets  (5,367,742)  (4,577,070)  (18,048,619)  (10,455)  Operating	profit  42,377,425  23,283,142  14,803,083  6,652,370  Finance	income  25  851,214  1,356,566  4,110,874  2,501,506  Finance	costs  26  (9,530,328)  (5,644,294)  -  -  Profit	before	tax  27  33,698,311  18,995,414  18,913,957  9,153,876  Tax	expense  28  (13,459,344)  (5,979,853)  (1,158,362)  (706,199)  Profit	for	the	financial	year  20,238,967  13,015,561  17,755,595  8,447,677  Other	comprehensive,	net	of	tax  Items that will not be reclassified  subsequently to profit or loss  Net changes in fair value of equity  investments designated  at fair value through other  comprehensive	income  973  107,280  -  -  Revaluation	reserve  5,856,507  -  -  -  Items that are or may be reclassified  subsequently to profit or loss  Exchange	differences	on	translating  of	foreign	operations  (880)  (8,193)  -  -  Other comprehensive income  for	the	financial	year,	net	of	tax  5,856,600  99,087  -  -  Total	comprehensive	income  for	the	financial	year  26,095,567  13,114,648  17,755,595  8,447,677   |
|---|

## STaTeMeNTS oF ProFIT or loSS aNd oTher CoMPreheNSIVe INCoMe

(CONT'D)

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Profit/(Loss)	for	the	financial	year  attributable to:  Owners	of	the	Company  20,352,636  10,559,362  17,755,595  8,447,677  Non-controlling	interests  (113,669)  2,456,199  -  -  20,238,967  13,015,561  17,755,595  8,447,677  Total	comprehensive	income/(loss)  attributable to:  Owners	of	the	Company  26,207,623  10,663,802  17,755,595  8,447,677  Non-controlling	interests  (112,056)  2,450,846  -  -  26,095,567  13,114,648  17,755,595  8,447,677  Earnings	per	share	attributable  to	owners	of	the	Company:-  Earnings per share  -	Basic	(sen)  30  2.75  1.68   |
|---|

The	accompanying	notes	form	an	integral	part	of	the	financial	statements.

| ## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY  ## FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022  Attributable	to	Owners	of	the	Company  Non-distributable  Distributable  Foreign  (accumulated  Currency  Losses)/  Non-  Share  Treasury  Capital  Revaluation  Fair	Value  Translation  Retained  controlling  Total  Group  Capital  Shares  Reserve  Reserve  Reserve  Reserve  Earnings  Total  Interest  Equity  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  Balance	at	1	January	2021  167,751,521  (9,699,396)  15,767,691  191,059  (600,387)  (3,227)  4,048,367  177,455,628  (3,581,348)  173,874,280  Transactions	with	owners:-  Issuance	of	shares  82,198,000  -  -  -  -  -  -  82,198,000  -  82,198,000  Dividends	(Note	29)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (3,082,530)  (3,082,530)  -  (3,082,530)  Acquisition	of	non-controlling	interest  -  -  2,528,826  -  -  -  (3,450,624)  (921,798)  676,798  (245,000)  Total	transactions	with	owners  82,198,000  -  2,528,826  -  -  -  (6,533,154)  78,193,672  676,798  78,870,470  Transfer of fair value through  other comprehensive income  reserve	to	retained	earnings  -  -  -  -  541,092  -  (541,092)  -  -  -  Profit	for	the	financial	year  -  -  -  -  -  -  10,559,362  10,559,362  2,456,199  13,015,561  Other	comprehensive	income/(loss)  for	the	financial	year  -  -  -  -  107,280  (2,840)  -  104,440  (5,353)  99,087  Total	comprehensive	income/(loss)  for	the	financial	year  -  -  -  -  107,280  (2,840)  10,559,362  10,663,802  2,450,846  13,114,648  Balance	at	31	December	2021  249,949,521  (9,699,396)  18,296,517  191,059  47,985  (6,067)  7,533,483  266,313,102  (453,704)  265,859,398   |
|---|

| Attributable	to	Owners	of	the	Company  Non-distributable  Distributable  Foreign  (accumulated  Currency  Losses)/  Non-  Share  Treasury  Capital  Revaluation  Fair	Value  Translation  Retained  controlling  Total  Group	(cont'd)  Capital  Shares  Reserve  Reserve  Reserve  Reserve  Earnings  Total  Interest  Equity  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  Transactions	with	owners:-  Disposal	of	non-controlling	interest  -  -  -  -  -  -  76,581  76,581  (46,581)  30,000  Profit	for	the	financial	year  -  -  -  -  -  -  20,352,636  20,352,636  (113,669)  20,238,967  Other	comprehensive	income/(loss)  for	the	financial	year  -  -  -  5,856,507  973  (2,493)  -  5,854,987  1,613  5,856,600  Total	comprehensive	income/(loss)  for	the	financial	year  -  -  -  5,856,507  973  (2,493)  20,352,636  26,207,623  (112,056)  26,095,567  Transfer of fair value through  other comprehensive income  reserve	to	retained	earnings  -  -  -  -  (27,968)  -  27,968  -  -  -  Balance	at	31	December	2022  249,949,521  (9,699,396)  18,296,517  6,047,566  20,990  (8,560)  27,990,668  292,597,306  (612,341)  291,984,965  ## STaTeMeNTS oF ChaNGeS IN eQUITY  (CONT'D)   |
|---|

## STaTeMeNTS oF ChaNGeS IN eQUITY

## (CONT'D)

The	accompanying	notes	form	an	integral	part	of	the	financial	statements.

| Attributable	to	Owners	of	the	Company  Non-distributable  Distributable  retained  earnings/  Share  Treasury  Capital  Fair	Value  (Accumulated  Total  Company  Capital  Shares  Reserve  Reserve  Loss)  Equity  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  Balance	at	1	January	2021  167,751,521  (9,699,396)  57,026,993  20,990  (43,228,566)  171,871,542  Transactions	with	owners:-  Issuance	of	shares  82,198,000  -  -  -  -  82,198,000  Dividends	(Note	29)  -  -  -  -  (3,082,530)  (3,082,530)  Total	transactions	with	owners  82,198,000  -  -  -  (3,082,530)  79,115,470  Total comprehensive income  for	the	financial	year  -  -  -  -  8,447,677  8,447,677  Balance	at	31	December	2021  249,949,521  (9,699,396)  57,026,993  20,990  (37,863,419)  259,434,689  Total comprehensive income  for	the	financial	year  -  -  -  -  17,755,595  17,755,595  Balance	at	31	December	2022  249,949,521  (9,699,396)  57,026,993  20,990  (20,107,824)  277,190,284   |
|---|

## STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  oPeraTING aCTIVITIeS  Profit	before	tax  33,698,311  18,995,414  18,913,957  9,153,876  Adjustments	for:  Amortisation	of	intangible	assets  -  2  -  -  Amortisation	of	government	grants  (248,548)  (387,938)  -  -  Depreciation	of	property,	plant  and	equipment  5,329,354  5,598,206  -  -  Depreciation	of	right-of-use	assets  2,755,563  2,021,532  -  -  Dividend	income  (7,406)  (7,406)  (7,406)  (3,507,406)  Fair	value	gain	on	investment	properties  (1,749,227)  (150,000)  -  -  Loss	on	disposal	of	property,	plant  and	equipment  -  20,000  -  -  impairment loss on:  -	Investment	in	subsidiaries  -  -  3,104,041  1,519,280  -	Intangible	assets  -  56,681  -  -  impairment loss on ECLs:  -	Trade	receivables  7,689,279  5,759,866  -  -  -	Other	receivable  750,000  -  750,000  -  -	Amount	due	from	subsidiaries  -  -  17,298,619  10,455  Interest	expenses  9,530,328  5,644,294  -  -  Interest	income  (851,214)  (1,356,566)  (4,110,874)  (2,501,506)  Net	fair	value	loss/(gain)	on  other	investments  102,170  241,614  (82,605)  202,714  Net	unrealised	(gain)/loss	on  foreign	exchange  (962,933)  1,139,931  -  -  Reversal of impairment loss on  investment	in	subsidiaries  -  -  (35,958,694)  (4,857,488)  Reversal of ECLs:  -	Trade	receivables  (3,071,537)  (1,182,796)  -  -  Operating	profit/(loss)	before  changes	in	working	capital  52,964,140  36,392,834  (92,962)  19,925  Changes in working capital:-  Inventories  (44,220,549)  (30,359,926)  -  -  Receivables  32,085,573  (47,632,702)  500  (500)  Payables  (22,294,174)  25,616,604  (12,550)  (182,388)  Contract	assets/(liabilities)  30,661,552  (51,513,146)  -  -  Cash	generated	from/(used	in)	operations  49,196,542  (67,496,336)  (105,012)  (162,963)  Interest	received  -  222,650  -  -  Tax	paid  (5,035,698)  (6,256,007)  (1,336,990)  (347,918)  Net	cash	from/(used	in)	operating	activities  44,160,844  (73,529,693)  (1,442,002)  (510,881)   |
|---|

## STaTeMeNTS oF CaSh FloWS

(CONT'D)

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  INVeSTING aCTIVITIeS  Addition	of	property,	plant  and	equipment  (281,982,793)  (181,232,469)  -  -  Addition	of	right-of-use	assets  A  (138,769)  (209,506)  -  -  Acquisition	of	investment	in	subsidiaries  -  -  -  (1)  Disposal/(Acquisition)	of	non-controlling  interests  30,000  (245,000)  -  -  Acquisition	of	other	investments  -  (14,651)  -  -  Dividend	received  7,406  7,406  7,406  3,507,406  Interest	received  798,694  1,083,271  4,110,874  2,501,506  Net	cash	outflow	arising	from  acquisition	of	a	subsidiary  8  -  (1,446,998)  -  -  Proceeds from disposal of  other	investment  37,319  666,430  -  -  Proceeds	from	government	grants  -  306,983  -  -  Proceeds	from	disposal	of	property,  plant	and	equipment  -  2,047,000  -  -  Advances	to	subsidiaries  -  -  (3,441,424)  (86,164,273)  Net	cash	(used	in)/from	investing	activities  (281,248,143)  (179,037,534)  676,856  (80,155,362)  FINaNCING aCTIVITIeS  Dividend	paid  -  (3,082,530)  -  (3,082,530)  Drawdown	of	bankers'	acceptances  32,832,058  33,512,523  -  -  Drawdown	of	fixed	loans  -  11,951,827  -  -  Drawdown	of	invoice	financing  257,928,576  61,592,377  -  -  Drawdown	of	revolving	credit  37,900,000  28,347,000  -  -  Drawdown	of	term	loans  86,970,837  163,387,034  -  -  Drawdown	of	trust	receipts  16,197,192  32,938,038  -  -  Fixed	deposits	pledged	as	security  17,939,901  (23,205,734)  -  -  issuance of shares pursuant to  private	placement  -  82,198,000  -  82,198,000  Interest	paid  (22,540,170)  (13,127,222)  -  -  Collection	account	pledged	as	security  (805,450)  -  -  -  Repayment	to	subsidiaries  -  -  -  (44,666)  Repayment	of	lease	liabilities  (3,079,015)  (2,108,080)  -  -  Repayment	of	bankers'	acceptances  (36,131,166)  (37,508,615)  -  -  Repayment	of	fixed	loans  (5,375,777)  (2,293,927)  -  -  Repayment	of	invoice	financing  (127,548,896)  (30,928,832)  -  -  Repayment of onshore foreign  currency	loan  -  (12,074,580)  -  -  Repayment	of	revolving	credit  (25,300,000)  (16,609,600)  -  -  Repayment	of	trust	receipts  (29,131,715)  (30,193,986)  -  -  Repayment	of	term	loans  (1,856,160)  (1,211,823)  -  -  Net	cash	from	financing	activities  198,000,215  241,581,870  -  79,070,804   |
|---|

## STaTeMeNTS oF CaSh FloWS

(CONT'D)

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  CaSh aNd CaSh eQUIValeNTS  Net	decrease  (39,087,084)  (10,985,357)  (765,146)  (1,595,439)  Brought	forward  41,185,003  52,196,233  1,157,892  2,753,331  Effects	on	exchange	rate	changes  on	cash	and	cash	equivalents  15,145  (25,873)  -  -  Carried	forward  11  2,113,064  41,185,003  392,746  1,157,892   |
|---|

## NoTeS To STaTeMeNTS oF CaSh FloWS

## A. PURCHASE	OF	RIGHT-OF-USE	ASSETS

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Total	purchase	of	right-of-use	assets  11,710,664  4,096,320  -  -  Less:	Financed	by	lease	liabilities  (11,340,895)  (3,886,814)  -  -  Less:	Financed	by	other	payable  (231,000)  -  -  -  138,769  209,506  -  -   |
|---|

## reCoNCIlIaTIoN oF lIabIlITIeS arISING FroM FINaNCING aCTIVITIeS

| ## Group  Purchase  of	property,  plant	and  equipment/  Unrealised  1	January  right-of-use  foreign  31	December  2022  Drawdrown  Repayment  assets  exchange  2022  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  Lease	liabilities  7,803,834  -  (3,079,015)  11,340,895  -  16,065,714  Bankers'	acceptances  16,696,918  32,832,058  (36,131,166)  -  (84,579)  13,313,231  Fixed	loans  14,287,322  -  (5,375,777)  -  -  8,911,545  Invoice	financing  56,879,734  257,928,576  (127,548,896)  -  (832,243)  186,427,171  Revolving	credit  14,700,000  37,900,000  (25,300,000)  -  -  27,300,000  Term	loans  285,782,353  86,970,837  (1,856,160)  -  -  370,897,030  Trust	receipts  29,131,715  16,197,192  (29,131,715)  -  -  16,197,192   |
|---|

## STaTeMeNTS oF CaSh FloWS

(CONT'D)

## reCoNCIlIaTIoN oF lIabIlITIeS arISING FroM FINaNCING aCTIVITIeS (CoNT'd)

| Group  Purchase  of	property,  plant	and  equipment/  Unrealised  1	January  right-of-use  foreign  31	December  2021  Drawdrown  Repayment  assets  exchange  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  Lease	liabilities  6,025,100  -  (2,108,080)  3,886,814  -  7,803,834  Bankers'	acceptances  20,693,010  33,512,523  (37,508,615)  -  -  16,696,918  Fixed	loans  4,629,422  11,951,827  (2,293,927)  -  -  14,287,322  Invoice	financing  26,216,189  61,592,377  (30,928,832)  -  -  56,879,734  Onshore	foreign	currency	loan  12,074,580  -  (12,074,580)  -  -  -  Revolving	credit  2,962,600  28,347,000  (16,609,600)  -  -  14,700,000  Term	loans  123,607,142  163,387,034  (1,211,823)  -  -  285,782,353  Trust	receipts  25,577,425  32,938,038  (30,193,986)  -  810,238  29,131,715  Company  1	January  31	December  2022  Drawdrown  Repayment  2022  rM  rM  rM  rM  Amount	due	to	a	subsidiary  1  -  -  1  Company  1	January  31	December  2021  Drawdrown  Repayment  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Amount	due	to	subsidiaries  44,667  -  (44,666)  1   |
|---|

The	accompanying	notes	form	an	integral	part	of	the	financial	statements.

## 1. GeNeral INForMaTIoN

The	Company	is	a	public	limited	liability	company,	incorporated	and	domiciled	in	Malaysia	and	is	listed	on	the	Main	Market of	the	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities	Berhad.	The	registered	office	and	the	principal	place	of	business	of	the	Company	are located	at	Level	7,	Menara	Milenium,	Jalan	Damanlela,	Pusat	Bandar	Damansara,	Damansara	Heights,	50490	Kuala Lumpur	and	C-16-01,	Level	16,	KL	Trillion	Corporate	Tower,	338	Jalan	Tun	Razak,	50400	Kuala	Lumpur	respectively.

The Company is principally engaged in investment holding. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are described in Note	8	to	the	financial	statements.

There	have	been	no	significant	changes	in	the	nature	of	these	activities	of	the	Company	and	its	subsidiaries	during	the financial	year.

The	financial	statements	were	authorised	for	issue	by	the	Board	of	Directors	in	accordance	with	a	resolution	of	the Directors	on	18	April	2023.

## 2. baSIS oF PreParaTIoN oF The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

## 2.1 Statement	of	Compliance

The	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	have	been	prepared	in	accordance	with	Malaysian Financial	Reporting	Standards	('MFRSs'),	International	Financial	Reporting	Standards	('IFRSs')	and	the	requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.

## 2.2 Basis	of	Measurement

The	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	the	Company	are	prepared	under	historical	cost	convention	other	than as disclosed in Note 3 and on the assumption that the group has going concerns.

As	at	31	December	2022,	the	Group	recorded	net	current	liabilities	of	RM75,149,355.	The	preparation	of	the financial	statements	on	a	going	concern	basis	is	dependent	on	the	ability	of	the	Group	to	generate	sufficient	cash flows	from	their	operations,	utilisation	of	available	credit	facilities	and	obtaining	continuous	financial	support	from their	bankers	and	creditors	to	finance	their	operations,	and	achieving	profitable	operations.	The	Group	remains positive	that	it	will	be	able	to	generate	sufficient	cash	flows	from	its	operations	from	its	existing	projects	and	new projects	being	secured	by	the	subsidiaries	to	increase	the	working	capital	of	the	Group.	In	view	of	the	foregoing, the	Directors	consider	that	it	is	appropriate	to	prepare	the	financial	statements	on	a	going	concern	basis	and	the group will be able to meet their liabilities as and when they fall due.

Accordingly,	the	financial	statements	do	not	include	any	adjustments	relating	to	the	recoverability	and	classification of recorded asset amounts or additional amounts of liabilities that may be necessary if the group is unable to continue as a going concern.

Historical	cost	is	generally	based	on	the	fair	value	of	the	consideration	given	in	exchange	for	goods	and	services.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

- 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 2. baSIS oF PreParaTIoN oF The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS (CoNT'd)

## 2.2 Basis	of	Measurement	(cont'd)

Fair	value	is	the	price	that	would	be	received	to	sell	an	asset	or	paid	to	transfer	a	liability	in	an	orderly	transaction between market participants at the measurement date and its measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset	or	transfer	the	liability	takes	place	either	in	the	principal	market	for	the	asset	or	liability,	or	in	the	absence	of	a principal	market,	in	the	most	advantageous	market	for	the	asset	or	liability.	The	principal	or	the	most	advantageous market must be accessible to by the group and to the Company.

The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing	the	asset	or	liability,	assuming	the	market	participants	act	in	their	economic	best	interest.

A	fair	value	measurement	of	a	non-financial	asset	takes	into	account	a	market	participant's	ability	to	generate economic	benefits	by	using	the	asset	in	its	highest	and	best	use	or	by	selling	it	to	another	market	participant	that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

The group and the Company use valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient	data	are	available	to	measure	fair	value,	maximising	the	use	of	relevant	observable	inputs	and	minimising the use of unobservable inputs.

All	assets	and	liabilities	for	which	fair	value	is	measured	or	disclosed	in	the	financial	statements	are	categorised within	the	fair	value	hierarchy,	described	as	follows,	based	on	the	lowest	level	input	that	is	significant	to	their	fair value measurement as a whole:-

Level 1

-Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

- Level	2 -Valuation	techniques	for	which	the	lowest	level	input	that	is	significant	to	their	fair	value	measurement is directly or indirectly observable.
- Level	3 -Valuation	techniques	for	which	the	lowest	level	input	that	is	significant	to	their	fair	value	measurement is unobservable.

For	assets	and	liabilities	that	are	recognised	in	the	financial	statements	on	a	recurring	basis,	the	Group	and	the Company determine whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based	on	the	lowest	level	input	that	is	significant	to	their	fair	value	measurement	as	a	whole)	at	the	end	of	each reporting period.

The	Group	and	the	Company	have	established	control	framework	in	respect	of	measurement	of	fair	values	of	financial instruments.	The	Board	of	Directors	has	overall	responsibility	for	overseeing	all	significant	fair	value	measurements. The	Board	of	Directors	regularly	reviews	significant	unobservable	inputs	and	valuation	adjustments.

For	the	purpose	of	fair	value	disclosures,	the	Group	and	the	Company	have	determined	classes	of	assets	and liabilities	on	the	basis	of	the	nature,	characteristics	and	risks	of	the	asset	or	liability	and	the	level	of	fair	value	hierarchy as	explained	above.

## 2.3 Functional	and	Presentation	Currency

The	financial	statements	are	presented	in	Ringgit	Malaysia	('RM'),	which	is	the	Company's	functional	currency	and all	values	are	rounded	to	the	nearest	RM	except	when	otherwise	stated.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 2. baSIS oF PreParaTIoN oF The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS (CoNT'd)

## 2.4 MFRSs

## 2.4.1	 Adoption	of	Amendments/Improvements	to	MFRSs

The group and the Company have consistently applied the accounting policies set out in Note 3 to the financial	statements	to	all	periods	presented	in	these	financial	statements.

At	the	beginning	of	the	current	financial	year,	the	Group	and	the	Company	adopted	amendments/improvements to	MFRSs	which	are	mandatory	for	the	financial	periods	beginning	on	or	after	1	January	2022.

Initial	application	of	the	amendments/improvements	to	the	standards	did	not	have	material	financial	impact to	the	financial	statements.

## 2.4.2	 Standards	Issued	but	Not	Yet	Effective

The	new	and	amended	standards	that	are	issued,	but	not	yet	effective,	up	to	the	date	of	issuance	of	the Group's	and	the	Company's	financial	statements	are	disclosed	below.	The	Group	and	the	Company	intend to	adopt	these	new	and	amended	standards,	if	applicable,	when	they	become	effective	in	the	respective financial	period.

## Effective for financial period beginning on or after 1 January 2023:-

| MFRS	17*	and	Amendments to	MFRS	17*  insurance Contracts Insurance	Contracts	-	Initial	Application	of	MFRS	17	and MFRS	9	-	Comparative	Information Presentation	of	Financial	Statements	-	Classification	of Liabilities as Current or Non-current Presentation	of	Financial	Statements	-	Disclosure	of Accounting Policies Accounting	Policies,	Changes	in	Accounting	Estimates and	Errors	-	Definition	of	Accounting	Estimates Income	Taxes	-	Deferred	Tax	related	to	Assets	and	Liabilities arising from a single Transaction  Amendments	to	MFRS	17*  Amendments	to	MFRS	101  Amendments	to	MFRS	101  Amendments	to	MFRS	108  Amendments	to	MFRS	112   |
|---|

## Effective for financial period beginning on or after 1 January 2024:-

Amendments	to	MFRS	16

Lease - Lease Liability in a sales and Leaseback Presentation	of	Financial	Statements	-	Non-current	Liability with Convenants

Amendments	to	MFRS	101

## Deferred to a date to be determined by the MASB

| Amendments	to	MFRS	10 and	MFRS	128*  Consolidated	Financial	Statements	and	Investments	in Associates	and	Joint	Ventures	-	Sale	or	Contribution	of  Assets	between	an	Investor	and	its	Associate	or	Joint	Venture   |
|---|

* Not	applicable	to	the	Group	and	the	Company.

The	initial	application	of	the	above	applicable	amendments	to	standards	are	not	expected	to	have	material financial	impact	to	the	financial	statements.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 2. baSIS oF PreParaTIoN oF The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS (CoNT'd)

## 2.5 Significant	Accounting	Estimates	and	Judgements

Estimates,	 assumptions	concerning	the	future	and	judgements	are	made	in	the	preparation	of	the	financial statements.	They	affect	the	application	of	the	Group's	and	of	the	Company's	accounting	policies	and	reported amounts	of	assets,	liabilities,	income	and	expenses,	and	disclosures	made.	Estimates	and	underlying	assumptions are	assessed	on	an	on-going	basis	and	are	based	on	experience	and	relevant	factors,	including	expectations	of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The actual results may differ from the judgements,	estimates	and	assumptions	made	by	management	and	will	seldom	equal	the	estimated	results.

## 2.5.1 estimation Uncertainty

Information	about	significant	judgements,	estimates	and	assumptions	that	have	the	most	significant	effect on	recognition	and	measurement	of	assets,	liabilities,	income	and	expenses	are	discussed	below.

## 2.5.1.1 Useful	Lives	of	Depreciable	Assets

The	management	assess	that	the	useful	lives	represent	the	expected	utility	of	the	assets	to	the Group.	The	management	estimates	the	useful	lives	of	the	property,	plant	and	equipment	and right-of-use assets to be within 3 to 99 years and reviews the useful lives of the depreciable assets	at	the	end	of	each	reporting	year.	Actual	results,	however,	may	vary	due	to	change	in	the expected	level	of	usage	and	technological	developments	which	resulting	the	adjustment	to	the Group's	assets.

The	carrying	amount	of	the	Group's	property,	plant	and	equipment	and	right-of-use	assets	are disclosed	in	Notes	4	and	5	to	the	financial	statements.

## 2.5.1.2 Amortisation	of	Intangible	Assets

The development costs of gas generators are amortised on a straight-line basis over their useful lives of 15 years. The group assesses annually the useful lives of the intangible assets and if the	expectation	differs	from	the	original	estimate,	such	difference	will	impact	the	amortisation expenses	in	the	period	in	which	such	estimate	had	been	charged.

## 2.5.1.3 Impairment	of	Non-financial	Assets

An	impairment	loss	is	recognised	for	the	amount	by	which	the	asset's	or	cash-generating unit's	carrying	amount	exceeds	its	recoverable	amount.	To	determine	the	recoverable	amount, management	estimates	expected	future	cash	flows	from	each	cash-generating	unit	and	determines a	suitable	interest	rate	in	order	to	calculate	the	present	value	of	those	cash	flows.	In	the	process of	measuring	expected	future	cash	flows,	management	make	assumptions	about	future	operating results.	The	actual	results	may	vary,	and	may	cause	significant	adjustments	to	the	Group's	and the	Company's	assets	within	the	next	financial	year.

In	 most	 cases,	 determining	 the	 applicable	 discount	 rate	 involves	 estimating	 the	 appropriate adjustment	to	market	risk	and	the	appropriate	adjustment	to	asset-specific	risk	factors.

Further	details	of	the	carrying	values,	key	assumptions	applied	in	the	impairment	assessment	of non-financial	assets	are	disclosed	in	Notes	7	and	8	to	financial	statements.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 2. baSIS oF PreParaTIoN oF The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS (CoNT'd)

## 2.5 Significant	Accounting	Estimates	and	Judgements	(cont'd)

## 2.5.1 estimation Uncertainty (cont'd)

## 2.5.1.4 Provision	for	Expected	Credit	Losses	('ECLs')	of	Trade	Receivables	and	Contract	Assets

The	Group	uses	a	provision	matrix	to	calculate	ECLs	for	trade	receivables	and	contract	assets. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that	have	similar	loss	patterns	(i.e.,	by	geography,	product	type,	customer	type	and	rating,	and coverage by letters of credit and other forms of credit insurance).

The	provision	 matrix	 is	 initially	 based	 on	 the	 Group's	 historical	 observed	 default	 rates.	 The Group	will	calibrate	the	matrix	to	adjust	the	historical	credit	loss	experience	with	forward-looking information.	 For	 instance,	 if	 forecast	 economic	 conditions	 (i.e.,	 gross	 domestic	 product)	 are expected	to	deteriorate	over	the	next	year	which	can	lead	to	an	increased	number	of	defaults	in the	energy	sector,	the	historical	default	rates	are	adjusted.	At	every	reporting	date,	the	historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

The	assessment	of	the	correlation	between	historical	observed	default	rates,	forecast	economic conditions	and	ECLs	is	a	significant	estimate.	The	amount	of	ECLs	is	sensitive	to	changes	in circumstances	and	of	forecast	economic	conditions.	The	Group's	historical	credit	loss	experience and	forecast	of	economic	conditions	may	also	not	be	representative	of	customer's	actual	default in the future.

## 2.5.1.5 Inventories

inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. in estimating net realisable values,	management	takes	into	account	the	most	reliable	evidence	available	at	the	times	the estimates are made. The realisation of these inventories may be affected by market-driven changes that may occur in the future.

The	carrying	amount	of	the	Group's	inventories	at	the	end	of	the	reporting	period	is	disclosed	in Note	13	to	the	financial	statements.

## 2.5.1.6 Income	Taxes

Significant	judgement	is	required	in	determining	the	capital	allowances	and	deductibility	of	certain expenses	during	the	estimation	of	the	provision	for	income	taxes.	There	are	many	transactions and	calculations	for	which	the	ultimate	tax	determination	is	uncertain	during	the	ordinary	course of	business.	Where	the	final	tax	outcome	of	these	matters	result	is	different	from	the	amounts	that were	initially	recorded,	such	differences	will	impact	the	income	tax	and	deferred	tax	provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 2. baSIS oF PreParaTIoN oF The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS (CoNT'd)

## 2.5 Significant	Accounting	Estimates	and	Judgements	(cont'd)

## 2.5.1 estimation Uncertainty (cont'd)

## 2.5.1.7 Deferred	Tax	Assets

Deferred	tax	assets	are	recognised	for	all	deductible	temporary	differences,	unutilised	tax	losses, unabsorbed	capital	allowances	and	unused	tax	credits	to	the	extent	that	it	is	probable	that	taxable profit	will	be	available	against	which	all	the	deductible	temporary	differences,	unutilised	tax	losses and	unabsorbed	capital	allowances	can	be	utilised.	Significant	management	judgement	is	required to	determine	the	amount	of	deferred	tax	assets	that	can	be	recognised,	based	upon	the	likely timing	and	level	of	future	taxable	profits	together	with	future	tax	planning	strategies.

Assumptions	about	generation	of	future	taxable	profits	depend	on	management's	estimates	of future	cash	flows.	These	depend	on	estimates	of	future	production	and	sales	volume,	operating costs,	capital	expenditure,	dividends	and	other	capital	management	transactions.	Judgement is	also	required	about	application	of	income	tax	legislation.	These	judgements	and	assumptions are	subject	to	risks	and	uncertainty,	hence	there	is	a	possibility	that	changes	in	circumstances will	alter	expectations,	which	may	impact	the	amount	of	deferred	tax	assets	recognised	in	the statements	of	financial	position	and	the	amount	of	unrecognised	tax	losses	and	unrecognised temporary differences.

## 2.5.1.8 Fair	Value	Valuation	of	Investment	Properties

The group measures its investment properties at fair value with any change in fair value being recognised	in	profit	or	loss.	Significant	judgement	is	required	in	the	determination	of	fair	value which	may	be	derived	based	on	different	valuation	methods.	In	making	the	judgement,	the	Group evaluates	based	on	past	experience	and	reliance	on	the	work	of	specialists.	The	Group	engages independent valuation specialists to determine the fair values.

## 2.5.2 Significant	Management	Judgements

The	following	are	significant	management	judgements	made	in	applying	the	accounting	policies	of	the Group	and	of	the	Company	that	have	the	most	significant	effect	on	the	financial	statements.

## 2.5.2.1 Revenue	from	Contracts	with	Customers

Revenue	is	recognised	when	or	as	the	control	of	the	asset	is	transferred	to	our	customers	and, depending	on	the	terms	of	the	contract	and	the	applicable	laws	governing	the	contract,	control of	the	asset	may	transfer	over	time	or	at	a	point	in	time.	If	control	of	the	asset	transfers	over	time, revenue	is	recognised	over	the	period	of	the	contract	by	reference	to	the	progress,	based	on	the physical	proportion	of	contract	work-to-date	certified	by	the	Group	and	the	customers.

Significant	judgment	is	required	in	determining	the	progress	based	on	the	certified	work-to-date corroborated by the level of completion of the construction and installation based on actual costs incurred to-date over the estimated total construction and installation costs.  The total estimated costs	are	based	on	approved	budgets,	which	require	assessments	and	judgments	to	be	made on	changes	in,	for	example,	work	scope,	changes	in	costs	and	costs	to	completion.	In	making these	judgments,	management	relies	on	past	experience	and	the	work	of	specialists.	A	change in the estimates will directly affect the revenue to be recognised.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 2. baSIS oF PreParaTIoN oF The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS (CoNT'd)

## 2.5 Significant	Accounting	Estimates	and	Judgements	(cont'd)

## 2.5.2 Significant	Management	Judgements	(cont'd)

## 2.5.2.2 Deferred	Tax	Assets

The	assessment	of	the	probability	of	future	taxable	income	in	which	deferred	tax	assets	can	be utilised	is	based	on	the	Group's	latest	approved	budget	forecast,	which	is	adjusted	for	significant non-taxable	income	and	expenses	and	specific	limits	to	the	use	of	any	unused	tax	loss	or	credit.	If a	positive	forecast	of	taxable	income	indicates	the	probable	use	of	a	deferred	tax	asset,	especially when	it	can	be	utilised	without	a	time	limit,	that	deferred	tax	asset	is	usually	recognised	in	full.	The recognition	of	deferred	tax	assets	that	are	subject	to	certain	legal	or	economic	limits	or	uncertainties is	assessed	individually	by	management	based	on	the	specific	facts	and	circumstances.

Where	investment	properties	are	carried	at	their	fair	value	in	accordance	with	the	accounting policy	set	out	in	Note	3.4	to	the	financial	statements,	the	amount	of	deferred	tax	recognised	is measured	using	the	tax	rates	that	would	apply	on	sale	of	those	assets	at	their	carrying	value	at the reporting date unless the property is depreciable and is held with the objective to consume substantially	all	of	the	economic	benefits	embodied	in	the	property	over	time,	rather	than	through sale.	In	all	other	cases,	the	amount	of	deferred	tax	recognised	is	measured	based	on	the	expected manner	of	realisation	or	settlement	of	the	carrying	amount	of	the	assets	and	liabilities,	using	tax rates	enacted	or	substantively	enacted	at	the	reporting	date.	Deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities are not discounted.

## 2.5.2.3 Classification	Between	Investment	Properties	and	Owner-occupied	Properties

The	Group	determines	whether	a	property	qualifies	as	an	investment	property,	and	has	developed criteria in making that judgement. investment property is a property held to earn rentals or for capital	appreciation	or	both.	Therefore,	the	Group	considers	whether	a	property	generates	cash flows	largely	independently	of	the	other	assets	held	by	the	Group.

some properties comprise a portion that is held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation and another portion that is  held  for  use  in  the  production  or  supply  of  goods  or  services  or  for administrative purposes. The group accounts for the portions separately if the portions could be	sold	separately	(or	leased	out	separately	under	a	finance	lease).	If	the	portions	could	not	be sold	separately,	the	property	is	an	investment	property	only	if	an	insignificant	portion	is	held	for use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes.

Judgement	is	made	on	an	individual	property	basis	to	determine	whether	ancillary	services	are so	significant	that	a	property	does	not	qualify	as	an	investment	property.

## 2.5.2.4 Significant	Control	Over	a	Subsidiary

Control	exists	when	the	Company	is	exposed,	or	has	rights,	to	variable	returns	from	its	involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity.

## Interest	in	T7	Solution	Services	(Thailand)	Co.,	Ltd.	('T7SST')

Although	T7	Gastec	Sdn.	Bhd.	('T7	Gastec')	a	wholly-owned	subsidiary	of	the	Company	own less	than	half	of	the	ownership	interest	and	less	than	half	of	the	voting	power	in	T7SST,	the Directors	have	determined	that	the	T7	Gastec	controls	over	T7SST.	T7	Gastec	controls	T7SST by virtue of an agreement with other investors and having majority board representation in T7ssT. Consequently,	the	Group	consolidates	its	investment	in	the	entity.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES

The	Group	and	the	Company	apply	the	significant	accounting	policies,	as	summarised	below,	consistently	throughout all	periods	presented	in	the	financial	statements,	unless	otherwise	stated.

## 3.1 Consolidation

## 3.1.1 Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries	are	entities,	including	structured	entities,	controlled	by	the	Company.	Control	exists	when	the Company	is	exposed,	or	has	rights,	to	variable	returns	from	its	involvement	with	the	entity	and	has	the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Potential voting rights are considered when assessing control only when such rights are substantive. The group or the Company consider it has de facto	power	over	an	investee	when,	despite	not	having	the	majority	of	voting	rights,	it	has	the	current	ability to	direct	the	activities	of	the	investee	that	significantly	affect	the	investee's	return.

Investment	in	subsidiaries	is	stated	at	cost	less	any	impairment	losses	in	the	Company's	financial	position, unless the investment is held for sale or distribution. The cost of investments includes transaction costs. Where	an	indication	of	impairment	exists,	the	carrying	amount	of	the	subsidiaries	is	assessed	and	written down immediately to their recoverable amount.

Upon	the	disposal	of	investment	in	a	subsidiary,	the	difference	between	the	net	disposal	proceeds	and	its carrying	amount	is	included	in	profit	or	loss.

## 3.1.2 Basis	of	Consolidation

The	Group's	financial	statements	consolidate	the	audited	financial	statements	of	the	Company	and	all	of its	subsidiaries,	which	have	been	prepared	in	accordance	with	the	Group's	accounting	policies.	Amounts reported	 in	 the	 financial	 statements	 of	 subsidiaries	 have	 been	 adjusted	 where	 necessary	 to	 ensure consistency	with	the	accounting	policies	adopted	by	the	Group.	The	financial	statements	of	the	Company and its subsidiaries are all drawn up to the same reporting period.

All	intragroup	assets	and	liabilities,	equity,	income,	expenses	and	cash	flows	relating	to	transactions	between entities	of	the	Group	(profits	or	losses	resulting	from	intragroup	transactions	that	are	recognised	in	asset,	such as	inventory	and	property,	plant	and	equipment)	are	eliminated	in	full	in	preparing	the	consolidated	financial statements. intragroup losses may indicate an impairment that requires recognition in the consolidated financial	statements.	Temporary	differences	arising	from	the	elimination	of	profits	and	losses	resulting	from intragroup	transactions	will	be	treated	in	accordance	to	Note	3.19	of	the	financial	statements.

subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the group and are no longer consolidated from the date that control ceases.

Changes	in	the	Company	owners'	ownership	interest	in	a	subsidiary	that	do	not	result	in	a	loss	of	control are	accounted	for	as	equity	transactions.	In	such	circumstances,	the	carrying	amounts	of	the	controlling and	non-controlling	interests	are	adjusted	to	reflect	the	changes	in	their	relative	interests	in	the	subsidiary. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interest is adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.1 Consolidation	(cont'd)

## 3.1.3 Business	Combinations

Business	combinations	are	accounted	for	using	the	acquisition	method.	The	cost	of	an	acquisition	is measured	as	the	aggregate	of	the	consideration	transferred,	measured	at	acquisition	date	fair	value	and the	amount	of	any	non-controlling	interest	in	the	acquiree.	For	each	business	combination,	the	Group	elects whether it measures the non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at the proportionate share	of	the	acquiree's	identifiable	net	assets.	Acquisition	costs	incurred	are	expensed	and	included	in administrative	expenses.

When	the	Group	acquires	a	business,	it	assesses	the	financial	assets	and	liabilities	assumed	for	appropriate classification	and	designation	in	accordance	with	the	contractual	terms,	economic	circumstances	and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts by the acquiree.

If	business	combinations	achieved	in	stages,	previously	held	equity	interests	in	the	acquiree	are	re-measured to	fair	value	at	the	acquisition	date	and	any	corresponding	gain	or	loss	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss.

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration which is deemed to	be	an	asset	or	liability	will	be	recognised	in	accordance	with	MFRS	9	either	in	profit	or	loss	or	as	a change	to	other	comprehensive	income.	If	the	contingent	consideration	is	classified	as	equity,	it	will	not be remeasured. subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. in instances where the contingent consideration	does	not	fall	within	the	scope	of	MFRS	9,	it	is	measured	in	accordance	with	the	appropriate MFRSs.

Goodwill	in	initially	measured	at	cost,	being	the	excess	of	the	aggregate	of	the	consideration	transferred and	the	amount	recognised	for	non-controlling	interest	over	the	net	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	liabilities assumed.	If	this	consideration	is	lower	than	the	fair	value	of	the	net	assets	of	the	subsidiary	acquired,	the difference	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss.

After	initial	recognition,	goodwill	is	measured	at	cost	less	any	accumulated	impairment	losses.	For	the purpose	of	impairment	testing,	goodwill	acquired	in	a	business	combination	is,	from	the	acquisition	date, allocated	to	each	of	the	Group's	cash-generating	units	that	are	expected	to	benefit	from	the	combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.

Where	goodwill	forms	part	of	a	cash-generating	unit	and	part	of	the	operation	within	that	unit	is	disposed	of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal of the operation. goodwill disposed of in this circumstance is measured based on the relative values of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.

## 3.1.4 Loss	of	Control

Upon	the	loss	of	control	of	a	subsidiary,	the	Group	derecognises	the	assets	and	liabilities	of	the	subsidiary, any non-controlling interests and the other components of the equity related to the subsidiary. Any surplus or	deficit	arising	on	the	loss	of	control	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss.

If	the	Group	retains	any	interest	in	the	previous	subsidiary,	then	such	interest	is	measured	at	fair	value	at	the date that control is lost. subsequently it is accounted for as equity accounted investee or as an availablefor-sale	financial	asset	depending	on	the	level	of	influence	retained.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.1 Consolidation	(cont'd)

## 3.1.5 Non-controlling	Interests

Non-controlling	interests	at	the	end	of	the	reporting	period,	being	the	equity	in	a	subsidiary	not	attributable directly	or	indirectly	to	the	equity	holders	of	the	Company,	are	presented	in	the	consolidated	statement of	financial	position	and	statement	of	changes	in	equity	within	equity,	separately	from	equity	attributable to the owners of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the group is presented in the consolidated	statement	of	profit	or	loss	and	other	comprehensive	income	as	an	allocation	of	the	profit	or loss	and	the	comprehensive	income	for	the	financial	year	between	non-controlling	interests	and	the	owners of the Company.

Losses applicable to the non-controlling interests in a subsidiary are allocated to the non-controlling interests even	if	that	results	in	a	deficit	balance.

## 3.1.6 Eliminations	on	Consolidation

All	intra-group	balances,	income	and	expenses	and	unrealised	gains	and	losses	resulting	from	intra-group transactions are eliminated on consolidation.

## 3.2 Foreign	Currency	Translation

The	Group's	consolidated	financial	statements	are	presented	in	RM,	which	is	also	the	Company's	functional	currency.

## 3.2.1 Foreign	Currency	Transactions	and	Balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded at the functional currency rates prevailing at the date of the transaction.

Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the functional currency spot	rate	of	exchange	ruling	at	the	reporting	date.

All	differences	are	taken	to	the	profit	or	loss	with	the	exception	of	all	monetary	items	that	forms	part	of a net investment in a foreign operation. These are recognised in other comprehensive income until the disposal	of	the	net	investment,	at	which	time	they	are	reclassified	to	profit	or	loss.	Tax	charges	and	credits attributable	to	exchange	differences	on	those	monetary	items	are	also	recorded	in	other	comprehensive income.

Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the	exchange	rates	as	at	the	dates	of	the	initial	transactions.	Non-monetary	items	measured	at	fair	value in	a	foreign	currency	are	translated	using	the	exchange	rates	at	the	date	when	the	fair	value	is	determined. The gain or loss arising in translation of non-monetary items is recognised in line with the gain or loss of the item that gave rise to the translation difference (translation differences on items whose gain or loss is	recognised	in	other	comprehensive	income	or	profit	or	loss	is	also	recognised	in	other	comprehensive income	or	profit	or	loss	respectively).

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.2 Foreign	Currency	Translation	(cont'd)

## 3.2.2 Foreign	Operations

The	assets	and	liabilities	of	operations	denominated	in	functional	currencies	other	than	RM,	including	goodwill and	fair	value	adjustments	arising	on	acquisition,	are	translated	to	RM	at	exchange	rates	at	the	end	of	the reporting	period,	except	for	goodwill	and	fair	value	adjustments	arising	from	business	combination	before 1	January	2012	(the	date	when	the	Group	and	the	Company	first	adopted	MFRSs)	which	are	treated	as assets	and	liabilities	of	the	Company.	The	income	and	expenses	of	foreign	operations	are	translated	to	RM at	exchange	rates	at	the	date	of	the	transactions.

Foreign	currency	differences	are	recognised	in	other	comprehensive	income	and	accumulated	in	the	foreign currency	translation	reserve	in	equity.	However,	if	the	operation	is	a	non-wholly-owned	subsidiary,	then the relevant proportionate share of the translation difference is allocated to the non-controlling interests. When	a	foreign	operation	is	disposed	of	such	that	control,	significant	influence	or	joint	control	is	lost,	the cumulative	amount	in	the	foreign	currency	translation	reserve	related	to	that	foreign	operation	is	reclassified to	profit	or	loss	as	part	of	the	profit	or	loss	on	disposal.

When	the	Group	and	the	Company	dispose	of	only	part	of	its	interest	in	a	subsidiary	that	includes	a	foreign operation,	the	relevant	proportion	of	the	cumulative	amount	is	reattributed	to	non-controlling	interests. When	the	Group	and	the	Company	dispose	of	only	part	of	its	investment	in	an	associate	or	joint	venture that	include	a	foreign	operation	while	retaining	significant	influence	or	joint	control,	the	relevant	proportion of	the	cumulative	amount	is	reclassified	to	profit	or	loss.

In	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	when	settlement	of	a	monetary	item	receivable	from	or	payable	to a	foreign	operation	is	neither	planned	nor	likely	in	the	foreseeable	future,	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses arising from such a monetary item are considered to form part of a net investment in a foreign operation and are	recognised	in	other	comprehensive	income,	and	are	presented	in	foreign	currency	translation	reserve in equity.

## 3.3 Property,	Plant	and	Equipment

Property,	plant	and	equipment	are	initially	stated	at	cost.	The	cost	of	an	item	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	is recognised	as	an	asset	if,	and	only	if,	it	is	probable	that	future	economic	benefits	associated	with	the	item	will	flow to the group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.

All	property,	plant	and	equipment	are	subsequently	stated	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation	and	less	any impairment	losses.	Cost	includes	expenditures	that	are	directly	attributable	to	the	acquisition	of	the	assets	and any	other	costs	directly	attributable	to	bring	the	asset	to	working	condition	for	its	intended	use,	cost	of	replacing component	parts	of	the	assets,	and	the	present	value	of	the	expected	cost	for	the	decommissioning	of	the	assets after	their	use.	The	cost	of	self-constructed	assets	also	includes	the	cost	of	materials	and	direct	labour.	For	qualifying assets,	borrowing	costs	are	capitalised	in	accordance	with	the	accounting	policy	on	borrowing	costs.	All	other repair	and	maintenance	costs	are	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	as	incurred.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.3 Property,	Plant	and	Equipment	(cont'd)

Depreciation	is	recognised	on	the	straight-line	method	in	order	to	write	off	the	cost	of	each	asset	over	its	estimated useful	life.	All	property,	plant	and	equipment	are	depreciated	based	on	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	assets	as follows:-

| Freehold	buildings  2%  Furniture	and	fittings  10%	-	20%  Renovation  10%  Workshop	tools  20%  Office	equipment  10%	-	33	1/3%  Motor vehicles  20%  Equipment  10% - 20%  Plant	and	machinery  10%	-	33	1/3%   |
|---|

Freehold	land	is	not	depreciated	but	is	subject	to	impairment	test	if	there	is	indication	of	impairment.

Capital	work-in-progress	consists	of	mobile	offshore	production	unit	under	construction/installation	for	intended use as production facilities. The amount is stated at cost and includes capitalisation of interest incurred on borrowings related	to	property,	plant	and	equipment	under	construction/installation	until	the	property,	plant	and	equipment	are ready for their intended use. Assets under construction are not depreciated until they are completed and ready for their intended use.

The	residual	values,	useful	life	and	depreciation	method	are	reviewed	for	impairment	when	events	or	changes in	circumstances	indicate	that	the	carrying	amount	may	not	be	recoverable,	or	at	least	annually	to	ensure	that the	amount,	method	and	period	of	depreciation	are	consistent	with	previous	estimates	and	expected	pattern	of consumption	of	future	economic	benefits	embodied	in	the	items	of	property,	plant	and	equipment.

Property,	plant	and	equipment	are	derecognised	upon	disposal	or	when	no	future	economic	benefits	are	expected from	its	use	or	disposal.	Gain	or	loss	arising	on	the	disposal	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	are	determined	as the	difference	between	the	disposal	proceeds	and	the	carrying	amount	of	the	assets	and	are	recognised	in	profit or	loss	in	the	financial	year	in	which	the	asset	is	derecognised.

## 3.4 Investment	Properties

investment properties are properties which are owned or right-of-use asset held under a lease contract to earn rental	income	or	for	capital	appreciation	or	for	both,	but	not	for	sale	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	use	in	the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes.

Investment	properties	which	are	owned	are	measured	initially	at	cost.	Cost	includes	expenditures	that	are	directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment property. The cost of self-constructed investment property includes the	cost	of	materials	and	direct	labour,	any	other	costs	directly	attributable	to	bringing	the	investment	property	to a working condition for their intended use and capitalised borrowing costs. Right-of-use asset held under a lease contract	that	meets	the	definition	of	investment	property	is	initially	measured	similarly	as	other	right-of-use	assets.

Subsequently,	investment	properties	are	measured	at	fair	value	with	any	changes	therein	recognised	in	profit	or loss	for	the	period	in	which	they	arise.	Where	the	fair	value	of	the	investment	property	under	construction	is	not reliably	determinable,	the	investment	property	under	construction	is	measured	at	cost	until	its	fair	value	becomes reliably	determinable	or	construction	is	complete,	whichever	is	earlier.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.4 Investment	Properties	(cont'd)

The	fair	value	of	investment	properties	held	by	the	Group	as	a	right-of-use	asset	reflects	the	expected	cash	flows. Accordingly,	where	valuation	obtained	for	a	property	is	net	of	all	payments	expected	to	be	made.	The	Group	added back any recognised lease liability to arrive at the carrying amount of the investment property using the fair value model.

An	investment	property	is	derecognised	on	its	disposal,	or	when	it	is	permanently	withdrawn	from	use	and	no future	economic	benefits	are	expected	from	the	disposal.	The	difference	between	the	net	disposal	proceeds	and the	carrying	amount	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	in	the	period	in	which	the	item	is	derecognised.

When	an	item	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	is	transferred	to	investment	property	following	a	change	in	its	use, any difference arising at the date of transfer between the carrying amount of the item immediately prior to transfer and	its	fair	value	is	recognised	directly	in	equity	as	a	revaluation	of	property,	plant	and	equipment.	However,	if	a fair	value	gain	reverses	a	previous	impairment	loss,	the	gain	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss.	Upon	disposal	of	an investment	property,	any	surplus	previously	recorded	in	equity	is	transferred	to	retained	earnings;	the	transfer	is not	made	through	profit	or	loss.

## 3.5 Leases

The	Group	assesses	at	contract	inception	whether	a	contract	is,	or	contains,	a	lease.	That	is,	if	the	contract	conveys the	right	to	control	the	use	of	an	identified	asset	for	a	period	of	time	in	exchange	for	consideration.

## 3.5.1 As	a	Lessee

The	Group	applies	a	single	recognition	and	measurement	approach	for	all	leases,	except	for	short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

## 3.5.1.1 Right-of-use	Assets

The	Group	recognises	right-of-use	assets	at	the	commencement	date	of	the	lease	(i.e.,	the	date the	underlying	asset	is	available	for	use).	Right-of-use	assets	are	measured	at	cost,	less	any accumulated	depreciation	and	impairment	losses,	and	adjusted	for	any	remeasurement	of	lease liabilities.	The	cost	of	right-of-use	assets	includes	the	amount	of	lease	liabilities	recognised,	initial direct	costs	incurred,	and	lease	payments	made	at	or	before	the	commencement	date	less	any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter	of	the	lease	term	and	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	assets,	as	follows:-

| Leasehold land and buildings  Over remaining lease term  Plant and machinery  14%  Motor vehicles  20%  Office	equipment  10%   |
|---|

if ownership of the leased asset transfers to the group at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects	the	exercise	of	a	purchase	option,	depreciation	is	calculated	using	the	estimated	useful life of the asset.

The right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment. The accounting policies for impairment of	non-financial	assets	is	set	out	in	Note	3.11	to	the	financial	statements.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.5 Leases	(cont'd)

## 3.5.1 As	a	lessee	(cont'd)

## 3.5.1.2 Lease	Liabilities

At	the	commencement	date	of	the	lease,	the	Group	recognises	lease	liabilities	measured	at	the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed	payments	(including	in-substance	fixed	payments)	less	any	lease	incentives	receivable, variable	lease	payments	that	depend	on	an	index	or	a	rate,	and	amounts	expected	to	be	paid under	residual	value	guarantees.	The	lease	payments	also	include	the	exercise	price	of	a	purchase option	reasonably	certain	to	be	exercised	by	the	Group	and	payments	of	penalties	for	terminating the	lease,	if	the	lease	term	reflects	the	Group	exercising	the	option	to	terminate.	Variable	lease payments	that	do	not	depend	on	an	index	or	a	rate	are	recognised	as	expenses	(unless	they	are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In	calculating	the	present	value	of	lease	payments,	the	Group	uses	its	incremental	borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.	After	the	commencement	date,	the	amount	of	lease	liabilities	is	increased	to	reflect the	accretion	of	interest	and	reduced	for	the	lease	payments	made.	In	addition,	the	carrying amount	of	lease	liabilities	is	remeasured	if	there	is	a	modification,	a	change	in	the	lease	term, a	change	in	the	lease	payments	(e.g.,	changes	to	future	payments	resulting	from	a	change	in an	index	or	rate	used	to	determine	such	lease	payments)	or	a	change	in	the	assessment	of	an option to purchase the underlying asset.

## 3.5.1.3 Short-term	Leases	and	Leases	of	Low-value	Assets

The	Group	and	the	Company	apply	the	short-term	lease	recognition	exemption	to	their	shortterm	leases	of	machinery,	equipment	and	premises	(i.e.,	those	leases	that	have	a	lease	term	of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). it also applies	the	lease	of	low-value	assets	recognition	exemption	to	leases	of	office	equipment	that	are considered	to	be	low	value.	Lease	payments	on	short-term	leases	are	recognised	as	expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## 3.5.2 As	a	Lessor

Leases in which the group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of	an	asset	are	classified	as	operating	leases.	Rental	income	arising	is	accounted	for	on	a	straight-line	basis over	the	lease	terms	and	is	included	in	revenue	in	the	statement	of	profit	or	loss	due	to	its	operating	nature. initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.6 Goodwill

Goodwill	arising	on	the	acquisition	of	a	subsidiary	or	a	proportionately	consolidated	jointly-controlled	entity,	being	the excess	of	the	aggregate	of	the	consideration	transferred,	the	amount	of	any	non-controlling	interest	in	the	acquiree, and	the	acquirer's	previously	held	equity	interest	in	the	acquiree	over	the	net	of	the	acquisition-date	amounts	of the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed.	After	initial	recognition,	goodwill	is	measured	at	cost less any accumulated impairment losses.

Goodwill	is	not	amortised	but	is	reviewed	for	impairment	at	least	annually.	For	the	purpose	of	impairment	testing, goodwill	is	allocated	at	the	acquisition	date	to	each	of	the	Group's	cash-generating	units	that	are	expected	to	benefit from the synergies of the combination. A cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment	annually,	and	whenever	there	is	an	indication	that	the	unit	may	be	impaired,	by	comparing	the	carrying amount	of	the	unit,	including	the	goodwill,	with	the	recoverable	amount	of	the	unit.	An	impairment	loss	is	recognised for a cash-generating unit when the recoverable amount of the unit is less than the carrying amount of the unit. Any	impairment	loss	recognised	is	first	allocated	to	reduce	the	carrying	amount	of	any	goodwill	allocated	to	the unit	and	then,	to	the	other	assets	of	the	unit	within	the	scope	of	MFRS	136	Impairment	of	Assets	pro	rata	on	the basis of the carrying amount of each applicable asset in the unit. Any impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed.

goodwill arising on the acquisition of investments in associates is included within the carrying amount of the investments and is assessed for impairment as part of the investment.

If,	after	reassessment,	the	Group's	interest	in	the	net	fair	value	of	the	identifiable	assets,	liabilities	and	contingent liabilities	recognised	exceeds	the	cost	of	the	business	combination,	the	excess	is	recognised	immediately	in	profit or loss.

On	disposal	of	a	subsidiary	or	a	proportionately	consolidated	jointly-controlled	entity,	the	attributable	amount	of goodwill is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal.

## 3.7 Intangible	Assets

Intangible	 assets	 acquired	 separately	 are	 measured	 on	 initial	 recognition	 at	 cost.	 Following	 initial	 recognition, intangible  assets  are  carried  at  cost  less  accumulated  amortisation  and  any  accumulated  impairment  losses. Internally	generated	intangible	assets,	excluding	capitalised	development	costs,	are	not	capitalised	and	expenditure is	reflected	in	the	profit	or	loss	in	the	period	in	which	it	incurred.

The	useful	life	of	intangible	assets	is	assessed	to	be	either	finite	or	indefinite.	Intangible	assets	with	finite	life	are amortised on straight-line basis over the estimated economic useful life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method	for	an	intangible	asset	with	a	finite	useful	life	are	reviewed	at	least	at	each	financial	year	end.	Changes in	the	expected	useful	life	or	the	expected	pattern	of	consumption	of	future	economic	benefits	embodied	in	the asset	is	accounted	for	by	charging	the	amortisation	period	or	method,	as	appropriate,	and	are	treated	as	changes in	accounting	estimates.	The	amortisation	expense	on	intangible	assets	with	finite	useful	life	is	recognised	in	the profit	or	loss	in	the	expense	category	consistent	with	the	function	of	the	intangible	asset.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.7 Intangible	Assets	(cont'd)

Intangible	assets	with	indefinite	useful	life	are	tested	for	impairment	annually	or	more	frequently	if	the	events	or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired either individually or at cash-generating unit level. such intangibles are not amortised.

The	useful	life	of	an	intangible	asset	with	an	indefinite	life	is	reviewed	annually	to	determine	whether	the	useful life	assessment	continues	to	be	supportable.	If	not,	the	change	in	useful	life	from	indefinite	to	finite	is	made	on	a prospective basis.

gain or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset is measured as the difference between the net disposal	proceeds	and	the	carrying	amount	of	the	asset	and	are	recognised	in	the	profit	or	loss	when	the	asset	is derecognised.

## 3.7.1 Patents

Patents were acquired in business combinations and are amortised on a straight-line basis over the useful lives of 10 years.

## 3.7.2 Research	and	Development	Costs

Research	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.

Deferred	development	costs	arising	from	development	expenditures	on	an	individual	project	are	recognised when the group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be	available	for	use	or	sale,	its	intention	to	complete	and	its	ability	to	use	or	sell	the	asset,	how	the	asset will	generate	future	economic	benefits,	the	availability	of	resources	to	complete	and	the	ability	to	measure reliably	the	expenditures	during	development.	Deferred	development	costs	have	a	finite	useful	life	and	are amortised over the period of 15 years on a straight-line basis.

## 3.8 Financial	Instruments

A	financial	instrument	is	any	contract	that	gives	rise	to	a	financial	asset	of	one	entity	and	a	financial	liability	or	equity instrument of another entity.

## 3.8.1 Financial	Assets

## initial Recognition and Measurement

Financial	assets	are	classified,	at	initial	recognition,	as	subsequently	measured	at	amortised	cost,	fair	value through	other	comprehensive	income	('OCI'),	and	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss.

The	classification	of	financial	assets	at	initial	recognition	depends	on	the	financial	asset's	contractual	cash flow	characteristics	and	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	business	model	for	managing	them.	With	the exception	of	trade	receivables	that	do	not	contain	a	significant	financing	component	or	for	which	the	Group and	the	Company	have	applied	the	practical	expedient,	the	Group	and	the	Company	initially	measures	a financial	asset	at	its	fair	value	plus,	in	the	case	of	a	financial	asset	not	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss, transaction	costs.	Trade	receivables	that	do	not	contain	a	significant	financing	component	or	for	which	the Group	and	the	Company	have	applied	the	practical	expedient	are	measured	at	the	transaction	price.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.8 Financial	Instruments	(cont'd)

## 3.8.1 Financial	Assets	(cont'd)

## Initial	Recognition	and	Measurement	(cont'd)

In	order	for	a	financial	asset	to	be	classified	and	measured	at	amortised	cost	or	fair	value	through	OCI,	it needs	to	give	rise	to	cash	flows	that	are	'solely	payments	of	principal	and	interest	('SPPI')'	on	the	principal amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the sPPi test and is performed at an instrument level.	Financial	assets	with	cash	flows	that	are	not	SPPI	are	classified	and	measured	at	fair	value	through profit	or	loss,	irrespective	of	the	business	model.

The	Group's	and	the	Company's	business	model	for	managing	financial	assets	refers	to	how	it	manages its	financial	assets	in	order	to	generate	cash	flows.	The	business	model	determines	whether	cash	flows will	result	from	collecting	contractual	cash	flows,	selling	the	financial	assets,	or	both.

Financial	assets	classified	and	measured	at	amortised	cost	are	held	within	a	business	model	with	the objective	to	hold	financial	assets	in	order	to	collect	contractual	cashflows	while	financial	assets	classified and measured at fair value through OCi are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to	collect	contractual	cash	flows	and	selling.

Purchases	or	sales	of	financial	assets	that	require	delivery	of	assets	within	a	time	frame	established	by regulation	or	convention	in	the	market	place	(regular	way	trades)	are	recognised	on	the	trade	date,	i.e.,	the date that the group and the Company commit to purchase or sell the asset.

## subsequent Measurement

For	purposes	of	subsequent	measurement,	financial	assets	are	classified	in	four	categories:-

- Financial	assets	at	amortised	cost	(debt	instruments);
- Financial	 assets	 at	 fair	 value	 through	 OCI	 with	 recycling	 of	 cumulative	 gains	 and	 losses	 (debt instruments);
- Financial	assets	designated	at	fair	value	through	OCI	with	no	recycling	of	cumulative	gains	and	losses upon derecognition (equity instruments); or
- Financial	assets	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss.

At	the	reporting	date,	the	Group	and	the	Company	do	not	have	financial	assets	at	fair	value	through	OCI with recycling of cumulative gains and losses.

## Financial	Assets	at	Amortised	Cost

Financial	assets	at	amortised	cost	are	subsequently	measured	using	the	effective	interest	('EIR')	method	and are	subject	to	impairment.	Gains	and	losses	are	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	when	the	asset	is	derecognised, modified	or	impaired.	The	Group's	and	the	Company's	financial	assets	at	amortised	cost	include	trade receivables,	most	of	other	receivables,	amount	due	from	subsidiaries,	cash	and	bank	balances,	deposit and placements.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.8 Financial	Instruments	(cont'd)

## 3.8.1 Financial	Assets	(cont'd)

Subsequent	Measurement	(cont'd)

Financial Assets Designated at Fair Value through OCI (Equity Instruments)

Upon	initial	recognition,	the	Group	and	the	Company	can	elect	to	classify	irrevocably	its	equity	investments as	equity	instruments	designated	at	fair	value	through	OCI	when	they	meet	the	definition	of	equity	under MFRS	9	Financial	Instruments.	The	classification	is	determined	on	an	instrument-by-instrument	basis.

Gains	and	losses	on	these	financial	assets	are	never	recycled	to	profit	or	loss.	Dividends	are	recognised	as other	income	in	the	statements	of	profit	or	loss	when	the	right	of	payment	has	been	established,	except when	the	Group	and	the	Company	benefit	from	such	proceeds	as	a	recovery	of	part	of	the	cost	of	the financial	asset,	in	which	case,	such	gains	are	recorded	in	OCI.	Equity	instruments	designated	at	fair	value through OCi are not subject to impairment assessment.

The group and the Company elected to classify irrevocably its overseas equity investments under this category.

Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

Financial	assets	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	are	carried	in	the	statements	of	financial	position	at	fair value	with	net	changes	in	fair	value	recognised	in	the	statements	of	profit	or	loss.

This category includes non-listed equity investments which the group and the Company had not irrevocably elected	to	classify	at	fair	value	through	OCI.	Dividends	on	non-listed	equity	investments	are	recognised as	other	income	in	the	statements	of	profit	or	loss	when	the	right	of	payment	has	been	established.	The Group's	and	the	Company's	debt	instruments	at	financial	assets	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	includes investments in quoted shares.

## Derecognition

A	financial	asset	(or,	where	applicable,	a	part	of	a	financial	asset	or	part	of	a	group	of	similar	financial	assets) is primarily derecognised when:-

- The	rights	to	receive	cash	flows	from	the	asset	have	expired;	or
- The	Group	and	the	Company	have	transferred	their	rights	to	receive	cash	flows	from	the	asset	or	has assumed	an	obligation	to	pay	the	received	cash	flows	in	full	without	material	delay	to	a	third	party under	a	'pass-through'	arrangement;	and	either	(a)	the	Group	and	the	Company	has	transferred substantially	all	the	risks	and	rewards	of	the	asset,	or	(b)	the	Group	and	the	Company	have	neither transferred	nor	retained	substantially	all	the	risks	and	rewards	of	the	asset,	but	has	transferred	control of the asset.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.8 Financial	Instruments	(cont'd)

## 3.8.1 Financial	Assets	(cont'd)

## Derecognition	(cont'd)

When	the	Group	and	the	Company	have	transferred	their	rights	to	receive	cash	flows	from	an	asset	or have	entered	into	a	pass-through	arrangement,	it	evaluates	if,	and	to	what	extent,	it	has	retained	the	risks and	rewards	of	ownership.	When	they	have	neither	transferred	nor	retained	substantially	all	of	the	risks and	rewards	of	the	asset,	nor	transferred	control	of	the	asset,	the	Group	and	the	Company	continue	to recognise	the	transferred	asset	to	the	extent	of	its	continuing	involvement.	In	that	case,	the	Group	and the Company also recognise an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured	on	a	basis	that	reflects	the	rights	and	obligations	that	the	Group	and	the	Company	have	retained.

Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower	of	the	original	carrying	amount	of	the	asset	and	the	maximum	amount	of	consideration	that	the	Group and the Company could be required to repay.

## impairment

The	Group	and	the	Company	recognise	an	allowance	for	expected	credit	losses	('ECLs')	on	financial assets	measured	at	amortised	cost,	contract	assets,	and	lease	receivables.	Expected	credit	losses	are	a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses.

The	Group	and	the	Company	measure	loss	allowances	at	an	amount	equal	to	lifetime	expected	credit	loss, except	for	debt	securities	that	are	determined	to	have	low	credit	risk	at	the	reporting	date,	cash	and	bank balance	and	other	debt	securities	for	which	credit	risk	has	not	increased	significantly	since	initial	recognition, which	are	measured	at	12-month	expected	credit	loss.	Loss	allowances	for	trade	receivables,	contract assets	and	lease	receivables	are	always	measured	at	an	amount	equal	to	lifetime	expected	credit	loss.

When	determining	whether	the	credit	risk	of	a	financial	asset	has	increased	significantly	since	initial recognition	and	when	estimating	expected	credit	loss,	the	Group	and	the	Company	consider	reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative	and	qualitative	information	and	analysis,	based	on	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	historical experience	and	informed	credit	assessment	and	including	forward-looking	information,	where	available.

Lifetime	expected	credit	losses	are	the	expected	credit	losses	that	result	from	all	possible	default	events over	the	expected	life	of	the	asset,	while	12-month	expected	credit	losses	are	the	portion	of	expected	credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date. The maximum	period	considered	when	estimating	expected	credit	losses	is	the	maximum	contractual	period over	which	the	Group	and	the	Company	are	exposed	to	credit	risk.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.8 Financial	Instruments	(cont'd)

## 3.8.1 Financial	Assets	(cont'd)

## Impairment	(cont'd)

Impairment for Trade Receivables and Contract Assets

For	trade	receivables	and	contract	assets,	the	Group	applies	a	simplified	approach	in	calculating	ECLs. Therefore,	the	Group	does	not	track	changes	in	credit	risk,	but	instead	recognises	a	loss	allowance	based on	lifetime	ECLs	at	each	reporting	date.	The	Group	has	established	a	provision	matrix	that	is	based	on its	historical	credit	loss	experience,	adjusted	for	forward-looking	factors	specific	to	the	debtors	and	the economic environment.

To	measure	ECLs,	trade	receivables	and	contract	assets	are	grouped	into	categories.	The	categories	are differentiated by the different business risks and are subject to different credit assessments. Contract assets relate to unbilled work in progress and have substantially the same risk characteristics as the trade receivables for	the	same	types	of	contracts.	The	Group	considers	the	expected	credit	loss	rates	for	trade	receivables as	a	reasonable	approximation	of	the	loss	rates	for	contract	assets	with	similar	risk	characteristics.

Impairment for Financial Assets other than Trade Receivables and Contract Assets

The group and the Company consider the probability of default upon initial recognition of the asset and whether	there	has	been	a	significant	increase	in	credit	risk	on	an	ongoing	basis	throughout	each	reporting period.	To	assess	whether	there	is	a	significant	increase	in	credit	risk,	the	Group	and	the	Company	compare the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of	initial	recognition.	The	assessment	considers	available,	reasonable	and	supportable	forward-looking information.

## Credit Impaired

An	impairment	loss	in	respect	of	financial	assets	measured	at	amortised	cost	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss and the carrying amount of the asset is reduced through the use of an allowance account.

An impairment loss in respect of debt investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	and	the	allowance	account	is	recognised	in	other	comprehensive income.

At	each	reporting	date,	the	Group	and	the	Company	assess	whether	the	financial	assets	carried	at	amortised cost and debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income are credit-impaired.

A	financial	asset	is	written	off	when	there	is	no	reasonable	expectation	of	recovering	the	contractual	cash flows.	The	Group	and	the	Company	consider	a	receivable	as	credit	impaired	when	one	or	more	events	that have	a	detrimental	impact	on	the	estimated	cash	flows	have	occurred.	These	instances	include	adverse changes	in	the	financial	capability	of	the	debtor	and	default	or	significant	delay	in	payments.	However,	in certain	cases,	the	Group	and	the	Company	may	also	consider	a	financial	asset	to	be	in	default	when	internal or	external	information	indicates	that	the	Group	and	the	Company	are	unlikely	to	receive	the	outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the group and the Company.	However,	financial	assets	that	are	written	off	could	still	be	subject	to	enforcement	activities	in order	to	comply	with	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	procedures	for	recovery	amounts	due.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.8 Financial	Instruments	(cont'd)

## 3.8.2 Financial	Liabilities

## initial Recognition and Measurement

Financial	liabilities	are	classified,	at	initial	recognition,	as	financial	liabilities	at	fair	value	through	profit	or loss,	loans	and	borrowings,	payables,	or	as	derivatives	designated	as	hedging	instruments	in	an	effective hedge,	as	appropriate.

All	financial	liabilities	are	recognised	initially	at	fair	value	and,	in	the	case	of	loans	and	borrowings	and payables,	net	of	directly	attributable	transaction	costs.

The	Group's	and	the	Company's	financial	liabilities	included	trade	payables,	most	of	other	payables,	amount due to a subsidiary and borrowings.

## subsequent Measurement

For	purposes	of	subsequent	measurement,	financial	liabilities	are	classified	in	two	categories:

- Financial	liabilities	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss;	or
- Financial	liabilities	at	amortised	cost.

The	Company	has	not	designated	any	financial	liabilities	as	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss.

## Financial Liabilities at Amortised Cost

Financial	liabilities	are	recognised	initially	at	fair	value	plus	transaction	costs	and	thereafter,	at	amortised cost	using	the	EIR	method.	Gains	and	losses	are	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	when	the	liabilities	are derecognised as well as through the EiR amortisation process. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the EiR. The EIR	amortisation	is	included	as	finance	costs	in	the	profit	or	loss.

Financial	liabilities	are	classified	as	current	liabilities	for	those	having	maturity	dates	of	not	more	than	12 months	after	the	reporting	date,	and	the	balance	is	classified	as	non-current.

## Derecognition

A	financial	liability	is	derecognised	when	the	obligation	under	the	liability	is	discharged	or	cancelled	or	expires. When	an	existing	financial	liability	is	replaced	by	another	from	the	same	lender	on	substantially	different terms,	or	the	terms	of	an	existing	liability	are	substantially	modified,	such	an	exchange	or	modification	is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the	respective	carrying	amounts	is	recognised	in	the	profit	or	loss.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.8 Financial	Instruments	(cont'd)

## 3.8.3 Offsetting	of	Financial	Instruments

Financial	assets	and	financial	liabilities	are	offset	and	the	net	amount	reported	in	the	statements	of	financial position	if,	and	only	if,	there	is	a	currently	enforceable	legal	right	to	offset	the	recognised	amounts	and	there is	an	intention	to	settle	on	a	net	basis,	or	to	realise	the	assets	and	settle	the	liabilities	simultaneously.

## 3.8.4 Financial	Guarantee	Contracts

Financial	guarantee	contracts	issued	by	the	Group	and	the	Company	are	those	contracts	that	require	a payment	to	be	made	to	reimburse	the	holder	for	a	loss	it	incurs	because	the	specific	debtor	fails	to	make a	payment	when	due	in	accordance	with	the	terms	of	a	debt	instrument.	Financial	guarantee	contracts	are recognised	initially	as	a	liability	at	fair	value,	adjusted	for	transaction	costs	that	are	directly	attributable	to the	issuance	of	the	guarantee.	Subsequently,	the	liability	is	measured	at	the	higher	of	the	best	estimate	of the	expenditure	required	to	settle	the	present	obligation	at	the	reporting	date	and	the	amount	recognised less cumulative amortisation.

## 3.9 Inventories

inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventories is based on weighted average	basis	and	includes	invoices	of	goods	purchased	and	expenditure	incurred	in	acquiring	the	inventories	and bringing	them	to	their	existing	location	and	condition.

The	cost	of	work-in-progress	comprises	the	cost	of	raw	materials,	direct	labour	and	a	proportion	of	production overheads.

Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

Write-down	to	net	realisable	value	and	inventory	losses	are	recognised	as	are	expense	when	it	occurred	and	any reversal	is	recognised	in	the	profit	or	loss	in	the	period	in	which	it	occurs.

## 3.10	 Cash	and	Cash	Equivalents

Cash	and	cash	equivalents	in	statements	of	cash	flows	comprise	cash	in	hand,	bank	balances,	deposits	with licensed banks and highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are subject	to	an	insignificant	risk	of	changes	in	value.

For	the	purpose	of	the	statements	of	cash	flows,	cash	and	cash	equivalents	are	presented	net	of	pledged deposits.

For	the	purpose	of	the	financial	position,	cash	and	cash	equivalents	restricted	to	be	used	to	settle	a	liability	of	12 months	or	more	after	the	reporting	date	are	classified	as	non-current	assets.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.11	 Impairment	of	Non-financial	Assets

Further	disclosures	relating	to	impairment	of	non-financial	assets	are	also	provided	in	the	following	notes	to	the financial	statements:-

Note	2.5 -

Significant	accounting	estimates	and	judgements

Note	3.3 -

Property,	plant	and	equipment

Note 3.5.1.1 -

Right-of-use assets

Note 3.7 -

intangible assets

The group and the Company assess at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired.	If	any	indication	exists,	or	when	annual	impairment	testing	for	an	asset	is	required,	the	Group	and	the Company	estimate	the	asset's	recoverable	amount.	An	asset's	recoverable	amount	is	the	higher	of	an	asset's	or cash-generating	unit's	('CGU')	fair	value	less	costs	to	sell	and	its	value	in	use	and	is	determined	for	an	individual asset,	unless	the	asset	does	not	generate	cash	inflows	that	are	largely	independent	of	those	from	other	assets	or groups	of	assets.	Where	the	carrying	amount	of	an	asset	or	CGU	exceeds	its	recoverable	amount,	the	asset	is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.

In	assessing	value	in	use,	the	estimated	future	cash	flows	are	discounted	to	their	present	value	using	a	pre-tax discount	rate	that	reflects	current	market	assessments	of	the	time	value	of	money	and	the	risks	specific	to	the asset.	In	determining	fair	value	less	costs	to	sell,	recent	market	transactions	are	taken	into	account,	if	available.	If no	such	transactions	can	be	identified,	an	appropriate	valuation	model	is	used.	These	calculations	are	corroborated by	valuation	multiples,	quoted	share	prices	for	publicly	traded	subsidiaries	or	other	available	fair	value	indicators.

The group and the Company base their impairment calculation on detailed budgets and forecast calculations which	are	prepared	separately	for	each	of	the	Group's	and	of	the	Company's	cash-generating	units	to	which	the individual	assets	are	allocated.	These	budgets	and	forecast	calculations	are	generally	covering	a	period	of	five years.	For	longer	periods,	a	long-term	growth	rate	is	calculated	and	applied	to	project	future	cash	flows	after	the fifth	year.

Impairment	losses	including	impairment	on	inventories,	are	recognised	in	the	profit	or	loss	in	those	expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

For	assets	excluding	goodwill,	an	assessment	is	made	at	each	reporting	date	as	to	whether	there	is	any	indication that	previously	recognised	impairment	losses	may	no	longer	exist	or	may	have	decreased.	If	such	indication	exists, the	Group	and	the	Company	estimate	the	asset's	or	cash-generating	unit's	recoverable	amount.	A	previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the	asset's	recoverable	amount	since	the	last	impairment	loss	was	recognised.	The	reversal	is	limited	so	that	the carrying	amount	of	the	asset	does	not	exceed	its	recoverable	amount,	nor	exceed	the	carrying	amount	that	would have	been	determined,	net	of	depreciation,	had	no	impairment	loss	been	recognised	for	asset	in	prior	years.	Such reversal	is	recognised	in	the	profit	or	loss.

Intangible	assets	with	indefinite	useful	lives	are	tested	for	impairment	annually	as	at	the	end	of	each	reporting	period, either	individually	or	at	the	cash-generating	unit	level,	as	appropriate	and	when	circumstances	indicate	that	the carrying value may be impaired.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.12	 Equity,	Reserves	and	Distributions	to	Owners

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Company after deducting all of its liabilities. Ordinary shares are equity instruments.

Retained	earnings/(Accumulated	losses)	include	all	current	and	prior	periods'	accumulated	profits/losses.

The	revaluation	reserve	within	equity	comprises	gains	or	losses	due	to	the	revaluation	of	properties.	Foreign currency	translation	differences	arising	on	the	translation	of	the	Group's	foreign	entities	are	included	in	the	exchange translation	reserve.	Gains	and	losses	on	certain	financial	instruments	are	included	in	reserves	for	fair	value	through OCI	financial	assets.

Interim	dividends	are	simultaneously	proposed	and	declared,	because	the	articles	of	association	of	the	Company grants	the	Directors	the	authority	to	declare	interim	dividends.	Consequently,	interim	dividends	are	recognised directly as a liability when they are proposed and declared.

Final	dividends	proposed	by	the	Directors	are	not	accounted	for	in	shareholders'	equity	as	an	appropriation	of retained	earnings,	until	they	have	been	approved	by	the	shareholders	in	a	general	meeting.	When	these	dividends have	been	approved	by	the	shareholders	and	declared,	they	are	recognised	as	a	liability.

The distribution of non-cash assets to owners is recognised as dividend payable when the dividend was approved by shareholders. The dividend payable is measured at the fair value of the shares to be distributed. At the end of the	financial	year	and	on	the	settlement	date,	the	Company	reviews	the	carrying	amount	of	the	dividend	payable, with	any	changes	in	the	fair	value	of	the	dividend	payable	recognised	in	equity.	When	the	Company	settles	the dividend	payable,	the	difference	between	the	carrying	amount	of	the	dividend	distributed	and	the	carrying	amount of	the	dividend	payable	is	recognised	as	a	separate	line	item	in	profit	or	loss.

All transactions with owners of the Company are recorded separately within equity.

## 3.13	 Treasury	Shares

When	share	capital	recognised	as	equity	is	repurchased,	the	amount	of	the	consideration	paid,	including	directly attributable	costs,	net	of	any	tax	effects,	is	recognised	as	a	deduction	from	equity.	Repurchased	shares	that	are not	subsequently	cancelled	are	classified	as	treasury	shares	in	the	statements	of	changes	in	equity.

When	treasury	shares	are	sold	or	reissued	subsequently,	the	difference	between	the	sales	consideration	net	of directly attributable costs and the carrying amount of the treasury shares is recognised in equity.

## 3.14	 Share-based	Payments

The group operates an equity-settled share-based payments scheme to allow the employees of the group to acquire ordinary shares of the Company. The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees	of	subsidiary	undertakings	in	the	Group	is	treated	as	a	capital	contribution	in	the	subsidiaries'	financial statements.	The	fair	value	of	employee	services	received,	measured	by	reference	to	the	grant	date	fair	value,	is recognised	over	the	vesting	period	as	an	increase	to	investment	in	subsidiary	undertakings,	with	a	corresponding credit	to	equity-settled	employee	benefits	reserve	in	the	Company's	financial	statements.

The	fair	value	determined	at	the	grant	date	is	recognised	as	expense	in	profit	or	loss	in	accordance	with	MFRS 2 share-based Payment over the periods during which the employees become unconditionally entitled to the options,	based	on	the	Group's	estimate	of	the	ordinary	shares	that	will	eventually	vest,	and	adjusted	for	the	effect of	non-market-based	vesting	conditions.	At	the	end	of	each	reporting	period,	the	Group	revises	the	estimates	of the	number	of	options	that	are	expected	to	become	exercisable,	and	recognises	the	impact	of	the	revision	of	the original estimates.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.15	 Government	Grants

government grants are recognised at fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and the grants will be received.

Government	grant	are	carries	in	the	statements	of	financial	position	and	allocated	to	profit	or	loss	over	the	expected useful	lives	of	20	years	of	the	related	plant	and	machinery	or	over	the	period	of	the	operating	expenditure	to	which the grants are intended to compensate.

## 3.16	 Revenue

Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when or as a performance obligation in the contract with customer	is	satisfied,	i.e.	when	the	'control'	of	the	services	underlying	the	particular	performance	obligation	is transferred to the customer.

A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer to the customer either:-

- (a) good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct; or
- (b) a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer.

Revenue from contracts with customers is measured at the amount of consideration to which the group and the Company	expect	to	be	entitled	in	exchange	for	transferring	the	promised	services	to	the	customers,	excluding amounts	collected	on	behalf	of	third	parties	such	as	sales	taxes	or	services	taxes.	If	the	amount	of	consideration varies	due	to	discounts,	rebates,	refunds,	credits,	incentives,	penalties	or	other	similar	items,	the	Group	and	the Company	estimate	the	amount	of	consideration	to	which	it	will	be	entitled	based	on	the	expected	value	or	the most likely outcome.

If	 the	 contract	with	customer	contains	more	than	one	performance	obligation,	the	amount	of	consideration	is allocated to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling prices of the goods or services promised in the contract.

The	amount	of	variable	consideration	is	recognised	to	the	extent	that	it	is	highly	probable	that	a	significant	reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the uncertainly associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

The control of the promised goods or services may be transferred over time or at a point in time. The control over the goods or services is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time if:-

- (a) the	customer	simultaneously	receives	and	consumes	the	benefits	provided	by	the	Group's	and	the	Company's performance as the group and the Company perform;
- (b) the	Group's	and	the	Company's	performance	create	or	enhance	an	asset	that	the	customer	controls	as	the asset is created or enhanced; or
- (c) the	Group's	and	the	Company's	performance	do	not	create	an	asset	with	an	alternative	use	and	the	Group and the Company have an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.16	 Revenue	(cont'd)

Revenue	for	performance	obligation	that	is	not	satisfied	over	time	is	recognised	at	the	point	in	time	at	which	the customer obtains control of the promised goods or services.

For	performance	obligations	where	any	one	of	the	above	conditions	not	met,	revenue	is	recognised	at	a	point	in time	at	which	the	performance	obligation	is	satisfied.

When	the	Group	and	the	Company	satisfy	a	performance	obligation	by	delivering	the	promised	goods	or	service,	it creates	a	contract	based	on	asset	on	the	amount	of	consideration	earned	by	the	performance.	Where	the	amount of	consideration	received	from	a	customer	exceeds	the	amount	of	revenue	recognised,	this	gives	rise	to	a	contract liability.

## 3.16.1	 Sales	of	Goods

Revenue relating to sales of goods is recognised net of sales returns and discount upon the transfer of control	of	the	goods	to	the	customers.	Revenue	is	not	recognised	to	extent	where	there	are	significant uncertainties	regarding	recovery	of	the	consideration	due,	associated	costs	or	the	possible	return	of	goods.

## 3.16.2	 Installation	Services

The group provides installation services that is bundled together with the sale of equipment to customers.

The	Group	recognises	revenue	from	installation	services	over	time,	using	revenue	method	to	measure progress	towards	complete	satisfaction	of	the	service,	because	the	customer	simultaneously	receives	and consumes	the	benefits	provided	by	the	Group.	Revenue	from	the	sale	of	the	machinery,	equipment	and generators	are	recognised	at	a	point	in	time,	generally	upon	delivery	of	the	equipment.

## 3.16.3	 Construction	Contract

Revenue	from	a	construction	contract	can	be	estimated	reliably,	contract	revenue	and	contract	costs associated	with	the	construction	contract	are	recognised	as	revenue	and	expenses	respectively	by reference to the stage of completion of the contract activity at the reporting date. The stage of completion is	measured	using	the	output	method,	which	is	based	on	the	level	of	completion	of	the	development	phase of	the	project	as	certified	by	professional	engineers	or	consultants.

Where	the	outcome	of	a	contract	cannot	be	reasonably	estimated,	revenue	is	recognised	to	the	extent	of construction	contract	costs	incurred	that	is	probable	will	be	recoverable,	and	the	contract	costs	shall	be recognised	as	an	expense	in	the	year	in	which	they	are	incurred.

When	it	is	probable	that	total	costs	will	exceed	total	revenue,	the	foreseeable	loss	is	immediately	recognised in	the	profit	or	loss	irrespective	of	whether	construction	work	has	commenced	or	not,	or	of	the	stage	of completion	of	development	activity,	or	of	the	amounts	of	profits	expected	to	arise	on	other	unrelated construction contracts.

The	excess	of	revenue	recognised	in	the	profit	or	loss	over	the	billings	to	customers	of	contracts	is	recognised as contract asset.

The	excess	of	billings	to	customers	of	contracts	over	revenue	recognised	in	the	profit	or	loss	is	recognised as contract liability.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.16	 Revenue	(cont'd)

## 3.16.4	 Contract	Balances

## Contract Assets

A	contract	asset	is	the	right	to	consideration	in	exchange	for	goods	or	services	transferred	to	the	customer.	If the group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays consideration or	before	payment	is	due,	a	contract	asset	is	recognised	for	the	earned	consideration	that	is	conditional.

## Trade Receivables

A	receivable	represents	the	Group's	right	to	an	amount	of	consideration	that	is	unconditional	(i.e.,	only	the passage of time is required before payment of the consideration is due).

## Contract Liabilities

A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. if a customer pays consideration	before	the	Group	transfers	goods	or	services	to	the	customer,	a	contract	liability	is	recognised when the payment is made or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the group performs under the contract.

## 3.16.5	 Rendering	of	Services

Revenue from rendering of services is recognised upon the services completed.

## 3.16.6	 Supply	of	Manpower

Revenue from supply of manpower is recognised upon the services provided.

## 3.16.7	 Revenue	from	Other	Sources

## rental Income

Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. The aggregate costs of incentives provided to lessees are recognised as a reduction of rental income over the lease term on a straight-line basis.

## Interest Income

Interest	income	is	calculated	by	applying	the	effective	interest	rate	to	the	gross	carrying	amount	of	a	financial asset	except	for	financial	assets	that	subsequently	become	credit-impaired.	For	credit	impaired	financial assets,	the	effective	interest	rate	is	applied	to	the	net	carrying	amount	of	the	financial	asset.

## dividend Income

Dividend	income	is	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	on	the	date	that	the	Group's	or	the	Company's	right	to receive	payment	is	established,	which	is	in	the	case	of	quoted	securities	is	the	ex-dividend	date.

## Management Fee Income

Management fees are recognised when services are rendered.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.17	 Employee	Benefits

## 3.17.1	 Short-term	Employment	Benefits

Short-term	 employment	benefits,	 such	 as	 wages,	 salaries,	 bonuses,	 allowances	 and	 social	 security contributions,	are	recognised	as	expense	when	the	employees	have	rendered	services	to	the	Group	and the Company.

The	expected	cost	of	bonus	payments	is	recognised	when	the	Group	and	the	Company	have	a	present legal or constructive obligation to make such payments as a result of past events and a reliable estimate of	the	obligation	can	be	made.	A	present	obligation	exists	when	the	Group	and	the	Company	have	no realistic alternative but to make the payments.

## 3.17.2	 Defined	Contribution	Plans

Defined	contribution	plans	are	post-employment	benefit	plans	under	which	the	Group	and	the	Company pay	fixed	contributions	into	independent	entities	of	funds	and	will	have	no	legal	or	constructive	obligation to	pay	further	contribution	if	any	of	the	funds	do	not	hold	sufficient	assets	to	pay	all	employee	benefits relating	to	employee	services	in	the	current	and	preceding	financial	years.

Such	contributions	are	recognised	as	expenses	in	profit	or	loss	as	incurred.	As	required	by	law,	the	companies in	Malaysia	make	such	contributions	to	the	Employees	Provident	Fund	('EPF').	Some	of	the	Group's	foreign subsidiaries	also	make	contributions	to	the	respective	country's	statutory	pension	schemes.

## 3.18	 Borrowing	Costs

Borrowing	costs	that	are	not	directly	attributable	to	the	acquisition,	construction	or	production	of	a	qualifying	asset are	recognised	in	profit	or	loss	using	the	effective	interest	method.

Borrowing	costs	directly	attributable	to	the	acquisition,	construction	or	production	of	qualifying	assets,	which	are assets	that	necessarily	take	a	substantial	period	of	time	to	get	ready	for	their	intended	use	or	sale,	are	capitalised as part of the cost of those assets.

The	capitalisation	of	borrowing	costs	as	part	of	the	cost	of	a	qualifying	asset	commences	when	expenditure	for the	asset	is	being	incurred,	borrowing	costs	are	being	incurred	and	activities	that	are	necessary	to	prepare	the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are interrupted or completed.

All	other	borrowing	costs	are	expensed	in	the	period	in	which	they	are	incurred.	Borrowing	costs	consist	of	interest and other costs that the group incurred in connection with the borrowing of funds.

Investment	income	earned	on	the	temporary	investment	of	specific	borrowings	pending	their	expenditure	on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.19	 Tax	Expense

Tax	expense	comprises	of	current	tax	and	deferred	tax.	Current	tax	and	deferred	tax	are	recognised	in	profit	or loss	except	to	the	extent	that	it	relates	to	a	business	combination	or	items	recognised	directly	in	equity	or	other comprehensive income.

## 3.19.1	 Current	Tax

Current	tax	is	the	expected	tax	payable	or	receivable	on	the	taxable	income	or	loss	for	the	financial	year, using	tax	rates	enacted	or	substantively	enacted	by	the	end	of	the	reporting	period,	and	any	adjustment to	tax	payable	in	respect	of	previous	financial	years.

Current	tax	for	current	and	prior	periods	is	recognised	in	the	statements	of	financial	position	as	a	liability (or	an	asset)	to	the	extent	that	it	is	unpaid	(or	refundable).

## 3.19.2	 Deferred	Tax

Deferred	tax	is	recognised	using	the	liability	method,	providing	for	temporary	differences	between	the carrying	amounts	of	assets	and	liabilities	in	the	statements	of	financial	position	and	their	tax	bases.	Deferred tax	is	not	recognised	for	the	temporary	differences	arising	from	the	initial	recognition	of	goodwill,	the	initial recognition of assets and liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects neither	accounting	nor	taxable	profit	nor	loss.	Deferred	tax	is	measured	at	the	tax	rates	that	are	expected to	be	applied	to	the	temporary	differences	when	they	reverse,	based	on	the	laws	that	have	been	enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	offset	if	there	is	a	legally	enforceable	right	to	offset	current	tax	liabilities and	assets,	and	they	relate	to	income	taxes	levied	by	the	same	tax	authority	on	the	same	taxable	entity, or	on	different	tax	entities,	but	they	intend	to	settle	current	tax	liabilities	and	assets	on	a	net	basis	or	their tax	assets	and	liabilities	will	be	realised	simultaneously.

Where	investment	properties	are	carried	at	their	fair	value	in	accordance	with	the	accounting	policy	set out	in	Note	3.4	to	the	financial	statements,	the	amount	of	deferred	tax	recognised	is	measured	using	the tax	rates	that	would	apply	on	sale	of	those	assets	at	their	carrying	value	at	the	reporting	date	unless	the property	is	depreciable	and	is	held	with	the	objective	to	consume	substantially	all	of	the	economic	benefits embodied	in	the	property	over	time,	rather	than	through	sale.	In	all	other	cases,	the	amount	of	deferred	tax recognised	is	measured	based	on	the	expected	manner	of	realisation	or	settlement	of	the	carrying	amount of	the	assets	and	liabilities,	using	tax	rates	enacted	or	substantively	enacted	at	the	reporting	date.	Deferred tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	not	discounted.

A	deferred	tax	asset	is	recognised	to	the	extent	that	it	is	probable	that	future	taxable	profits	will	be	available against	which	the	temporary	difference	can	be	utilised.	Deferred	tax	assets	are	reviewed	at	the	end	of	each reporting	period	and	are	reduced	to	the	extent	that	it	is	no	longer	probable	that	the	related	tax	benefit	will be realised.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.20	 Sales	and	Service	Tax	('SST')

Expenses	and	assets	are	recognised	net	of	the	amount	of	SST,	except:

- -When	the	SST	incurred	on	a	purchase	of	assets	or	services	is	not	recoverable	from	the	taxation	authority,	in which	case,	the	SST	is	recognised	as	part	of	the	cost	of	acquisition	of	the	asset	or	as	part	of	the	expense item,	as	applicable;	and
- -When	receivables	and	payables	are	stated	with	the	amount	of	SST	included.

The	amount	of	SST	payable	to	taxation	authority	is	included	as	part	of	payables	in	the	statements	of	financial position.

## 3.21	 Contingencies

## 3.21.1	 Contingent	Liabilities

Where	it	is	not	probable	that	an	outflow	of	economic	benefits	will	be	required,	or	the	amount	cannot	be estimated	reliably,	the	obligation	is	not	recognised	in	the	statements	of	financial	position	and	is	disclosed as	a	contingent	liability,	unless	the	probability	of	outflow	of	economic	benefits	is	remote.

Possible	obligations,	whose	existence	will	only	be	confirmed	by	the	occurrence	or	non-occurrence	of	one	or more	future	events,	are	also	disclosed	as	contingent	liabilities	unless	the	probability	of	outflow	of	economic benefits	is	remote.

## 3.21.2	 Contingent	Assets

When	an	inflow	of	economic	benefit	of	an	asset	is	probable	where	it	arises	from	past	events	and	where existence	will	be	confirmed	only	by	the	occurrence	or	non-occurrence	of	one	or	more	uncertain	future	events not	wholly	within	the	control	of	the	entity,	the	asset	is	not	recognised	in	the	statements	of	financial	position but	is	being	disclosed	as	a	contingent	asset.	When	the	inflow	of	economic	benefit	is	virtually	certain,	then the related asset is recognised.

## 3.22	 Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the group and the Company have a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a	result	of	a	past	event,	it	is	probable	that	an	outflow	of	resources	embodying	economic	benefits	will	be	required to	settle	the	obligation	and	a	reliable	estimate	can	be	made	of	the	amount	of	the	obligation.	When	the	Group	and the	Company	expect	some	or	all	of	a	provision	to	be	reimbursed,	for	example,	under	an	insurance	contract,	the reimbursement	is	recognised	as	a	separate	asset,	but	only	when	the	reimbursement	is	virtually	certain.	The	expense relating	to	a	provision	is	presented	in	the	profit	or	loss	net	of	any	reimbursement.

If	the	effect	of	the	time	value	of	money	is	material,	provisions	are	discounted	using	a	current	pre-tax	rate	that	reflects, where	appropriate,	the	risks	specific	to	the	liability.	When	discounting	is	used,	the	increase	in	the	provision	due	to the	passage	of	time	is	recognised	as	a	finance	cost.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES	(CONT'D)

## 3.23	 Operating	Segments

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision	maker.	The	chief	operating	decision	maker,	who	is	responsible	for	allocating	resources	and	assessing performance	of	the	operating	segment,	has	been	identified	as	the	board	of	directors	that	makes	strategic	decisions.

Segment	reporting	is	presented	for	enhanced	assessment	of	the	Group's	risks	and	returns.	Business	segments provide products or services that are subject to risks and returns that are different from those of other business segments. geographical segments provide products or services within a particular economic environment that is subject to risks and returns that are different from those components operating in other economic environments.

Segment	revenue,	results,	assets	and	liabilities	are	those	amounts	resulting	from	the	operating	activities	of	a	segment that are directly attributable to the segment and the relevant portion that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to the	segment.	Segment	revenue,	results,	assets	and	liabilities	are	determined	after	elimination	of	intragroup	balances and intragroup transactions as part of the consolidation process.

## 3.24	 Earnings Per ordinary Share

The group presents basic and diluted earnings per share ('EPs') data for its ordinary shares.

Basic	EPS	is	calculated	by	dividing	the	profit	or	loss	attributable	to	ordinary	shareholders	of	the	Company	based on the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the period.

Diluted	EPS	is	calculated	by	dividing	the	profit	or	loss	attributable	to	ordinary	shareholders	of	the	Group	based	on the	weighted	average	number	of	shares	in	issue,	for	the	effects	of	all	dilutive	potential	ordinary	shares	during	the period.

## 3.25	 Related	Parties

A related party is a person or entity that is related to the group and the Company. A related party transaction is a transfer	of	resources,	services	or	obligations	between	the	Group	and	the	Company	and	its	related	party,	regardless of whether a price is charged.

- (a) A	person	or	a	close	member	of	that	person's	family	is	related	to	the	Group	and	the	Company	if	that	person:-
- (i) Has	control	or	joint	control	over	the	Group	and	the	Company;
- (ii) Has	significant	influence	over	the	Group	and	the	Company;	or
- (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the corporate shareholders of the group or the Company.
- (b) An entity is related to the group and the Company if any of the following conditions applies:-
- (i) The entity and the group or the Company are members of the same group;
- (ii) The entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity;
- (iii) Both	the	Group	or	the	Company	and	the	entities	are	joint	ventures	of	the	same	third	party;
- (iv) The group or the Company is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the same third entity;
- (v) The	entity	is	a	post-employment	benefit	plan	for	the	benefits	of	employees	of	either	the	Group	or	the Company for an entity related to the group or the Company;
- (vi) The	entity	is	controlled	or	jointly-controlled	by	a	person	identified	in	(a)	above;
- (vii) A	person	identified	in	(a)(i)	above	has	significant	influence	over	the	entity	or	is	a	member	of	the	key management personnel of the corporate shareholders of the group or the entity; and
- (viii) The	entity,	or	any	member	of	a	group	of	which	it	is	a	part,	provides	key	management	personnel	services to the corporate shareholders of the group or to the group.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

## (CONT'D)

| PROPERTY,	PLANT	AND	EQUIPMENT  Freehold	land  Furniture  Workshop  Office  Motor  Plant	and  Capital	work-  Group  and	buildings  and	fittings  Renovation  tools  equipment  vehicles  Equipment  machinery  in	progress  Total  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  Cost  At	1.1.2021  21,943,325  1,530,241  4,422,513  233,777  10,313,474  545,006  13,999,821  45,394,666  207,245,486  305,628,309  Reclassification  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  17,157,101  (17,157,101)  -  Additions  -  1,090  -  4,036  474,142  -  45,629  1,902,178  178,805,394  181,232,469  Borrowing	costs	capitalised  at rates of 4.01% to  6.32%	per	annum  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  8,018,994  8,018,994  Disposal  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2,067,000)  -  (2,067,000)  Foreign	exchange	difference  -  -  -  -  (15)  -  -  -  -  (15)  At	31.12.2021  21,943,325  1,531,331  4,422,513  237,813  10,787,601  545,006  14,045,450  62,386,945  376,912,773  492,812,757  Reclassification  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  657,474  (657,474)  -  Additions  -  220,075  67,800  -  751,844  -  425,352  6,215,842  274,301,880  281,982,793  Borrowing	costs	capitalised  at rates of 4.03% to  7.32%	per	annum  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  14,675,646  14,675,646  Transfer	to	investment	properties  (2,822,202)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2,822,202)  Foreign	exchange	difference  -  -  -  -  10  -  -  -  -  10  At	31.12.2022  19,121,123  1,751,406  4,490,313  237,813  11,539,455  545,006  14,470,802  69,260,261  665,232,825  786,649,004   |
|---|

4.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

| (CONT'D)  ## 4. PROPERTY,	PLANT	AND	EQUIPMENT	(CONT'D)  Freehold	land  Furniture  Workshop  Office  Motor  Plant	and  Capital	work-  Group	(cont'd)  and	buildings  and	fittings  Renovation  tools  equipment  vehicles  Equipment  machinery  in	progress  Total  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  Accumulated	depreciation  At	1.1.2021  1,503,931  1,259,711  2,371,366  46,755  8,089,141  472,004  11,821,375  39,426,654  -  64,990,937  Charge	for	the	financial	year  301,100  119,358  515,216  47,228  689,255  42,284  1,083,408  2,800,357  -  5,598,206  At	31.12.2021  1,805,031  1,379,069  2,886,582  93,983  8,778,396  514,288  12,904,783  42,227,011  -  70,589,143  Charge	for	the	financial	year  301,098  83,377  310,911  47,563  729,578  22,051  950,184  2,884,592  -  5,329,354  Transfer	to	investment	properties  (1,178,709)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,178,709)  Foreign	exchange	difference  -  -  -  -  1  -  -  -  -  1  At	31.12.2022  927,420  1,462,446  3,197,493  141,546  9,507,975  536,339  13,854,967  45,111,603  -  74,739,789  Net carrying amount  At	31.12.2022  18,193,703  288,960  1,292,820  96,267  2,031,480  8,667  615,835  24,148,658  665,232,825  711,909,215  At	31.12.2021  20,138,294  152,262  1,535,931  143,830  2,009,205  30,718  1,140,667  20,159,934  376,912,773  422,223,614  During	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022,	the	Group	conducted	an	operational	efficiency	review	at	its	property,	plant	and	equipment,	which	resulted in	changes	in	the	expected	usage	of	its	certains	plant	and	machinery.	As	a	result	the	expected	useful	lives	of	these	assets	increased	and	then	estimated residual	value	increased.	The	effect	of	these	changes	on	depreciation	expenses,	recognised	in	administrative	expenses	in	current	and	future	periods	is	as follows:-  2022  2023  2024  2025  2026  Later  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  Decrease/(Increase)	in	depreciation	expense  705,317  705,317  705,317  705,317  705,317  (3,526,585)   |
|---|

The	Group's	cost	and	carrying	amounts	of	the	freehold	land	is	not	segregated	from	the	buildings	as	required	details	are	not	available	and	unreasonable expenses	would	be	incurred.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 4. PROPERTY,	PLANT	AND	EQUIPMENT	(CONT'D)

## 4.1 Equipment	subject	to	operating	lease

The group lease some of its gas generators to third parties. All the leases are cancellable within 3 to 6 months prior written notice or payment of 3 to 6 months fee in lieu of notice.

## 4.2 Assets	charged	to	secure	banking	facilities

The net carrying amount of assets pledged as securities for banking facilities are:-

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Freehold	land	and	buildings  18,193,703  18,438,354  Capital	work-in-progress  478,308,461  -  496,502,164  18,438,354   |
|---|

In	prior	financial	year,	included	in	the	above	freehold	land	and	building	with	net	carrying	amount	of	RM472,103, the transfer of register name of title deed is still in progress.

The	strata	titles	of	freehold	buildings	with	carrying	amount	of	RM8,467,637	(2021:	RM8,647,799)	are	yet	to	be issued by relevant authorities.

## 5. RIGHT-OF-USE	ASSETS

The	Group	has	leases	for	leasehold	land	and	buildings,	equipment,	plant	and	machinery,	motor	vehicles	and	office equipment that run between 5 to 99 years.

The	Group	also	have	leases	of	premises,	machinery	and	equipment	with	lease	terms	of	12	months	or	less.	The	Group apply	the	'short-term	lease'	and	'lease	of	low-value	assets'	recognition	exemption	for	these	leases.

## 5. RIGHT-OF-USE	ASSETS	(CONT'D)

Set	out	are	the	carrying	amounts	of	right-of-use	assets	recognised	and	the	movements	during	the	financial	year:-

| leasehold  land	and  Plant	and  Motor  Office  Group  buildings  machinery  vehicles  equipment  Total  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  Cost  At	1.1.2021  17,217,836  3,691,200  4,128,136  -  25,037,172  Additions  81,000  2,098,477  1,127,506  789,337  4,096,320  At	31.12.2021  17,298,836  5,789,677  5,255,642  789,337  29,133,492  Additions  -  10,000,000  1,450,866  259,798  11,710,664  At	31.12.2022  17,298,836  15,789,677  6,706,508  1,049,135  40,844,156  Accumulated	depreciation  At	1.1.2021  380,147  390,094  1,135,158  -  1,905,399  Charge	for	the	financial	year  313,934  746,125  834,843  126,630  2,021,532  At	31.12.2021  694,081  1,136,219  1,970,001  126,630  3,926,931  Charge	for	the	financial	year  315,554  1,045,992  1,090,826  303,191  2,755,563  At	31.12.2022  1,009,635  2,182,211  3,060,827  429,821  6,682,494  Net carrying amount  At	31.12.2022  16,289,201  13,607,466  3,645,681  619,314  34,161,662  At	31.12.2021  16,604,755  4,653,458  3,285,641  662,707  25,206,561   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 5. RIGHT-OF-USE	ASSETS	(CONT'D)

## as a lessee

- (a) The	above	office	equipment,	motor	vehicles,	plant	and	machinery	are	under	finance	lease	arrangement.
- (b) The	Group's	cost	and	carrying	amounts	of	the	leasehold	land	is	not	segregated	from	the	buildings	as	required details	are	not	available	and	unreasonable	expenses	would	be	incurred.
- (c) The	net	carrying	amount	of	leasehold	land	and	buildings	of	the	Group	amounting	to	RM16,289,201	(2021: RM16,604,755)	have	been	pledged	as	securities	for	banking	facilities.

The	maturity	analysis	of	lease	liabilities	is	disclosed	in	Note	35	to	the	financial	statements.

The	following	are	the	amounts	recognised	in	the	profit	or	loss:-

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Depreciation	of	right-of-use	assets  2,755,563  2,021,532  Interest	expense	on	lease	liabilities  526,269  359,857  Expense	relating	to	short-term	leases  1,629,256  831,413  Expense	relating	to	low-value	leases  12,000  12,080  Total	amount	recognised	in	profit	or	loss  4,923,088  3,224,882   |
|---|

## as a lessor

The group has entered into operating lease on the equipment. The lease is cancellable with 3 months prior written notice or payment of 3 to 6 months fee in lieu of notice.

## 6. INVESTMENT	PROPERTIES

| leasehold  Freehold  land and  land and  Group  buildings  building  Total  rM  rM  rM  Fair	value:-  At	1.1.2021  3,100,773  1,100,000  4,200,773  Acquisition	of	a	subsidiary  2,600,000  -  2,600,000  Fair	value	adjustment  100,000  50,000  150,000  At	31.12.2021  5,800,773  1,150,000  6,950,773  Transfer	from	property,	plant	and	equipment  -  7,500,000  7,500,000  Fair	value	adjustment  399,227  1,350,000  1,749,227  At	31.12.2022  6,200,000  10,000,000  16,200,000   |
|---|

## 6. INVESTMENT	PROPERTIES	(CONT'D)

The	Group's	fair	value	amounts	of	the	freehold	land	and	leasehold	land	is	not	segregated	from	the	buildings	as	required details	are	not	available	and	unreasonable	expenses	would	be	incurred.

## Income	and	expenses	recognised	in	profit	or	loss

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Rental	income	from	investment	properties  97,600  122,700  Direct	operating	expenses:  -	Income	generating	investment	property  11,864  3,791  -	Non-income	generating	investment	properties  6,191  2,400   |
|---|

## Fair	value	basis	of	investment	properties

The	fair	value	represents	the	amount	at	which	the	properties	could	be	exchanged	on	an	open	market	basis	between	a knowledgeable	willing	buyer	and	a	knowledgeable	willing	seller	on	an	arm's	length	basis	at	the	reporting	date.

The	fair	values	of	the	Group's	investment	properties	have	been	arrived	at	on	the	basis	of	valuations	carried	out	by	a	firm of	independent	professional	valuers	on	31	December	2022	who	have	appropriate	professional	qualification	and	recent experience	in	the	relevant	location	and	assets	being	valued.	The	fair	values	of	the	investment	properties	were	determined using the Comparison Method.

The Comparison Method entails comparing the property with comparable properties which have been sold or are being offered	for	sale	and	making	adjustments	for	factors	which	affect	value	such	as	location	and	accessibility,	size,	building construction	and	finishes,	building	services,	management	and	maintenance,	age	and	state	of	repair,	market	condition and	other	relevant	characteristics.	There	has	been	no	changes	to	the	valuation	technique	during	the	financial	year.

## Level 2 fair value

Fair	value	measurement	of	the	investment	properties	were	categorised	as	follows:-

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Recurring fair value measurement:-  Leasehold	land	and	buildings  6,200,000  5,800,773  Freehold	land	and	building  10,000,000  1,150,000   |
|---|

Level 2 fair values of land and buildings have been generally derived using the sales comparison approach. sales price of	comparable	properties	in	close	proximity	are	adjusted	for	differences	in	key	attributes	such	as	property	size.	The	most significant	input	into	this	valuation	approach	is	price	per	square	feet	of	comparable	properties.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 7. INTaNGIble aSSeTS

| Development  Goodwill	on  Group  costs  Patent  consolidation  Total  rM  rM  rM  rM  Cost  At	1.1.2021  4,099,075  15,055  339,253  4,453,383  Acquisition	of	a	subsidiary  -  -  56,681  56,681  At	31.12.2021/31.12.2022  4,099,075  15,055  395,934  4,510,064  accumulated amortisation  At	1.1.2021  2,849,132  14,234  -  2,863,366  Charge	for	the	financial	year  1  1  -  2  At	31.12.2021/31.12.2022  2,849,133  14,235  -  2,863,368  Accumulated	impairment  At	1.1.2021  1,249,942  820  339,253  1,590,015  Addition	for	the	financial	year  -  -  56,681  56,681  At	31.12.2021/31.12.2022  1,249,942  820  395,934  1,646,696  Net carrying amount  At	31.12.2022  -  -  -  -  At	31.12.2021  -  -  -  -   |
|---|

The development costs incurred in developing gas generator is amortised on a straight-line basis over their useful lives of 15 years.

The patent is amortised on straight-line basis over their useful life for 10 years.

## Impairment	loss	review	of	development	costs,	patent	and	goodwill	on	consolidation

In	prior	financial	year,	impairment	loss	on	intangible	assets	of	the	Group	had	been	recognised	due	to	recoverable	amounts of intangible assets was lower than the carrying amount.

Goodwill	acquired	in	a	business	combination	is	allocated,	at	acquisition	date,	to	the	cash-generating	unit	('CGU')	that	is expected	to	benefit	from	the	business	combination.

The group tests goodwill annually for impairment or more frequently if there are indications that goodwill might be impaired.

## 7. INTaNGIble aSSeTS (CoNT'd)

## Impairment	loss	review	of	development	costs,	patent	and	goodwill	on	consolidation	(cont'd)

Key assumptions made in determining the value-in-use are as follows:

- -Cash	flows	were	projected	based	on	actual	operating	results	and	the	five	years	business	plan;
- -The	discount	rate	applied	to	the	cash	flows	projections	are	derived	from	the	weighted	average	cost	of	capital	of the group plus a reasonable risk premium; and
- -The size of operation will remain at least or not lower than the current results.

The	key	assumptions	used	for	determining	the	value	in	use,	which	are	determined	based	on	management's	past	experience and	expectation	of	the	future	development,	are	as	follows:-

| Group  2022  2021  %  %  Projected	growth	rate  -  -  Discount	rate  -  -   |
|---|

The	projected	cash	flows	from	use	are	derived	from	the	most	recent	financial	budgets	approved	by	management.

With	regards	to	the	assessments,	management	believes	that	no	reasonably	possible	changes	in	any	of	the	key	assumptions would	cause	the	carrying	values	of	these	units	to	differ	materially	from	their	recoverable	amounts	except	for	the	changes in prevailing operating environment which is not ascertainable.

## 8. SUBSIDIARIES

## Investment	in	subsidiaries

| Company  2022  2021  rM  rM  Unquoted	shares,	at	cost  210,669,611  210,669,611  Less:	Accumulated	impairment	losses  (28,635,797)  (61,490,450)  182,033,814  149,179,161   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 8. SUBSIDIARIES	(CONT'D)

## Investment	in	subsidiaries	(cont'd)

investment in subsidiaries that are impaired investment in subsidiaries are impaired at reporting date when the fair value less cost to sales of the subsidiary is lower than	cost	of	investment.	The	movement	of	accumulated	impairment	losses	during	the	financial	year	is	as	follows:-

| Company  2022  2021  rM  rM  Brought	forward  61,490,450  64,828,658  Charge	for	the	financial	year  3,104,041  1,519,280  Reversal  (35,958,694)  (4,857,488)  Carried	forward  28,635,797  61,490,450   |
|---|

The	recoverable	amount	was	determined	based	on	a	value-in-use	calculation	using	cash	flow	projections	based	on financial	budgets	approved	by	the	management	covering	a	three-year	period.	The	discount	rates	applied	to	the	cash flow	projections	is	9%	(2021:	9%)	based	on	the	weighted	average	cost	of	capital	of	the	Company.

Details	of	the	Company's	subsidiaries	are	as	follows:-

| Effective  Interest  Principal	Place  of	Business  Principal	Activities  2022  %  2021  %  Held by the Company:  Tanjung Offshore  Services	Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  integrated service provider to the oil and  gas and related industries.  T7	Gastec	Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  Manufacturing and trading of all types of  machinery,	equipment	and	generators  used	for	 welding,	 cutting,	 cooking  and other commercial applications.  T7	Marine	Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  Repair	 and	 maintenance	 of	 vessels'  monitoring	 system,	 owning	 and  leasing offshore vessels to local and  international oil industry.  T7	Solutions	Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  To manufacture and to market of waste  heat recovery units for the offshore oil  and gas industry.   |
|---|

## 8. SUBSIDIARIES	(CONT'D)

## Investment	in	subsidiaries	(cont'd)

Details	of	the	Company's	subsidiaries	are	as	follows	(cont'd):-

| Effective  Interest  Principal	Place  of	Business  Principal	Activities  2022  %  2021  %  Held by the Company  (cont'd):  T7	Property	Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  Development	of	building	projects	for  own	operation,	for	renting	of	space  in these buildings and construction.  T7	Aero	Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  Precision	 engineering,	 manufacturing  and	trading	of	products,	equipment  and machines of all kinds relating to  aircraft  aerospace  and  investment  holding.  T7 Csi integrated  Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  Supply,	 design,	 configure,	 intergrate,  test,	 install	 and	 commission	 distributed  control	systems,	programmable	logic  controllers,	 supervisory	 control	 and  data	acquisitions,	 safety	 shutdown  systems,	 fire	 gas	 systems,	 fire  addressable	 systems,	 liquid	 and  gas	analyser	systems,	control	valves,  instrumentation  and  electrical  heat  tracing  systems  and  to  train  and  supply  manpower  for  after  sales  services.  T7 services Australia  Pty. Ltd. ^  100  100  Australia  Dormant.  T7	AeroTech	Sdn.	Bhd.  99.99  99.99  Malaysia  Manufacturing aerospace components  and assemblies.  T7	Energy	Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  Engineering services and other business  support service activities N.E.C..  T7	Resources	Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  Mineral trading.  T7	Kemuncak	Sdn.	Bhd.  70  70  Malaysia  Property,	construction	and	investment  holding.   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 8. SUBSIDIARIES	(CONT'D)

## Investment	in	subsidiaries	(cont'd)

Details	of	the	Company's	subsidiaries	are	as	follows	(cont'd):-

| Effective  Interest  Principal	Place  of	Business  Principal	Activities  2022  %  2021  %  Held by Tanjung Offshore  Services Sdn. Bhd.:  T7	Services	Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  Provision  for  engineering  and  professional  manpower services to  the oil and gas and related industries.  T7	Newenergy	Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  Project  management services to the  engineering and energy industries.  T7 intelligent Resources  Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  supplying manpower for the oil and gas  industry and petrochemicals industry  exclusively	in	Malaysia	territory.  T7 solutions services (s)  Pte. Ltd. ^  100  100  singapore  Wholesale	of	 general	 hardware	 and  wholesale	 trade.	 However,	 the  Company remains dormant during  the	financial	year.  Held by T7 Gastec  Sdn. Bhd.:  Universal gas generators  (M)	Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  Engaged in the business of selling and  letting gas generators.  T7	Wenmax	Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  Engaged in the business as supplier of  industrial	 equipment,	 machineries,  spare	parts,	lubricants	oil	and	provide  installation services.  T7 solutions services  (Thailand)	Co.,	Ltd.	*  45  45  Thailand  Manufacture and to market of waste  heat recovery unit.  Held by T7 Marine  Sdn. Bhd.:  T7	Subsea	Sdn.	Bhd.  55  55  Malaysia  Underwater services in the oil and gas  industry  involving  remote  operated  vehicle and diving services.  Held by T7 Aero  Sdn. Bhd.:  T7	AeroTech	Sdn.	Bhd.  0.01  0.01  Malaysia  Manufacturing aerospace components  and assemblies.  PN	Network	T7	Sdn.	Bhd.  (formerly known as  T7	Vector	Sdn.	Bhd.)  70  100  Malaysia  Repair  and  maintenance  of  other  equipment.   |
|---|

## 8. SUBSIDIARIES	(CONT'D)

## Investment	in	subsidiaries	(cont'd)

Details	of	the	Company's	subsidiaries	are	as	follows	(cont'd):-

| Effective  Interest  Principal	Place  of	Business  Principal	Activities  2022  %  2021  %  Held by T7 Solutions  Sdn. Bhd.:  T7	Generations	Sdn.	Bhd.  92.5  92.5  Malaysia  Sale	of	articles	of	clothing,	articles	of  fur,	 clothing,	 accessories,	 footwear  and other retail  sale  of  new  goods  in  specialised  stores  not  elsewhere  classified.  TCM	Innovations	Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  Provision of information communication  technology	system	security,	 other  i nformation  technology  service  activities,	research	and	development  on  information  communication  technology.  Held by T7 Kemuncak  Sdn. Bhd.:  T7 China Construction  Third Engineering  Sdn.	Bhd.  51  51  Malaysia  Provision  of  construction  and  civil  engineering services.  Held by T7 Intelligent  Resources Sdn. Bhd.  Agensi Pekerjaan T7  intelligent Resources  Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  To  carry  on  the  business  as  private  employment agency to recruit and  place worker to another employer.  Held by T7 Property  Sdn. Bhd.  T7	Facility	Sdn.	Bhd.  100  100  Malaysia  supply  manpower  for  oil  and  gas  industry,	 construction	 and	 metal  works,	fabrication,	installation,	piping  and	structure,	blasting,	painting	and  insulation.   |
|---|

* The	financial	statements	of	these	companies	are	not	audited	by	Grant	Thornton	Malaysia	PLT.

^ No statutory audit was required as at the reporting date as the subsidiaries were remained dormant during the financial	year.	The	Directors	have	consolidated	the	results	of	these	subsidiaries	based	on	their	management	financial statements.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 8. SUBSIDIARIES	(CONT'D)

## 2022

## Acquisition/Disposal	of	a	subsidiary

On	30	March	2022,	a	wholly-owned	subsidiary	of	the	T7	Aero	Sdn.	Bhd.,	PN	Network	T7	Sdn.	Bhd.	issued	97,500	new ordinary	shares	which	was	acquired	by	T7	Aero	Sdn.	Bhd.	for	a	cash	consideration	of	RM97,500.	Subsequently	on 7	June	2022,	T7	Aero	Sdn.	Bhd.	disposed	30,000	ordinary	shares	representing	30%	equity	interest	in	PN	Network	T7 Sdn.	Bhd.	for	a	sales	consideration	of	RM30,000.

## 2021

## Incorporation	of	a	subsidiary

On	26	August	2021,	the	Company	had	incorporated	T7	Energy	Sdn.	Bhd.,	a	wholly-owned	subsidiary	of	the	Company, with an issued and paid-up capital of RM1 comprising of 1 ordinary share.

## Acquisition	of	a	subsidiary

On	3	May	2021,	a	wholly-owned	subsidiary	of	the	Company,	T7	Property	Sdn.	Bhd.	acquired	1,553,000	ordinary	shares representing	100%	equity	interest	in	T7	Facility	Sdn.	Bhd.	for	a	total	cash	consideration	RM2,500,000.	After	acquisition, T7	Facility	Sdn.	Bhd.	become	a	wholly-owned	subsidiary	of	T7	Property	Sdn.	Bhd..

## Impact	of	the	acquisition	on	the	Consolidated	Statements	of	Profit	or	Loss	and	Other	Comprehensive	Income

From	the	date	of	acquisition,	T7	Facility	Sdn.	Bhd.	is	a	dormant	company	and	making	loss	of	RM23,931	to	the	Group's profit	after	tax.	If	the	contribution	had	taken	place	at	the	beginning	of	the	financial	year,	the	Group's	profit	after	tax	would have	been	RM12,991,630.

The	fair	value	of	the	identifiable	assets	and	liabilities	of	the	subsidiary	as	at	date	of	acquisition	were	as	follows:-

| T7 Facility  Sdn. bhd.  rM  Investment	property  2,600,000  Cash	and	bank	balance  1,053,002  Total	assets  3,653,002  Other	payables  (1,041,618)  Tax	payable  (8,065)  Deferred	tax	liabilities  (160,000)  Total	liabilities  (1,209,683)  Net	assets	assume	acquired  2,443,319  Goodwill	on	acquisition  56,681  Cash	consideration  2,500,000  Less:	Cash	and	cash	equivalents  (1,053,002)  Net	cash	outflows	arising	from	acquisition	of	a	subsidiary  1,446,998   |
|---|

## 8. SUBSIDIARIES	(CONT'D)

## 2021 (cont'd)

## Acquisition	of	non-controlling	interest

- (a) On	29	January	2021,	a	wholly-owned	subsidiary	of	the	Company,	Tanjung	Offshore	Services	Sdn.	Bhd.,	had acquired	245,000	ordinary	shares	representing	49%	equity	interest	in	T7	Intelligent	Resources	Sdn.	Bhd.	for	a	total cash	consideration	of	RM245,000.	After	acquisition,	T7	Intelligent	Resources	Sdn.	Bhd.	become	a	wholly-owned subsidiary	of	Tanjung	Offshore	Services	Sdn.	Bhd..
- (b) On	8	September	2021,	the	Company	had	made	conversion	of	2,500,000	of	preference	shares	held	in	T7	AeroTech Sdn.	Bhd.	to	ordinary	shares	that	holds	by	the	Company.	After	the	conversion,	T7	AeroTech	Sdn.	Bhd.	became 99.99%	owned	subsidiary	of	the	Company	and	the	remaining	balance	of	0.01%	is	held	by	T7	Aero	Sdn.	Bhd..

The	following	summarises	the	effect	of	changes	in	the	equity	in	T7	Intelligent	Resources	Sdn.	Bhd.,	Agensi	Pekerjaan	T7 Intelligent	Resources	Sdn.	Bhd.	and	T7	AeroTech	Sdn.	Bhd.	that	are	attributable	to	owners	of	the	Company.

| agensi  Pekerjaan T7  T7 Intelligent  Intelligent  resources  resources  T7 aeroTech  Sdn. bhd.  Sdn. bhd.  Sdn. bhd.  Total  rM  rM  rM  rM  Equity	interest	at	1	January	2021  1,582,854  (22,463)  (8,566,813)  (7,006,422)  Issuance	of	shares  -  499,999  -  499,999  Conversion of redeemable  convertible	preference	shares  -  -  2,500,000  2,500,000  Effect	of	increase/(decrease)  in	Company's	ownership	interest  2,773,826  (21,583)  (3,429,041)  (676,798)  Share	of	comprehensive	(loss)/income  (2,130,255)  (180,165)  5,411,849  3,101,429  Equity	interest	at	31	December	2021  2,226,425  275,788  (4,084,005)  (1,581,792)   |
|---|

## Non-controlling	interest	in	subsidiaries

## 2022

| other  individually  immaterial  subsidiaries  Percentage of ownership interest and voting interest (%)  7.5 - 55  Carrying	amount	of	non-controlling	interest	(RM)  (612,341)  Loss	allocated	to	non-controlling	interest	(RM)  (113,669)  Total	comprehensive	loss	allocated	to	non-controlling	interest	(RM)  (112,056)   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 8. SUBSIDIARIES	(CONT'D)

## Non-controlling	interest	in	subsidiaries	(cont'd)

2021

| other  individually  immaterial  subsidiaries  Percentage of ownership interest and voting interest (%)  7.5 - 55  Carrying	amount	of	non-controlling	interest	(RM)  (453,704)  Profit	allocated	to	non-controlling	interest	(RM)  2,456,199  Total	comprehensive	income	allocated	to	non-controlling	interest	(RM)  2,450,846   |
|---|

## Amount	due	from/(to)	subsidiaries

| Company  2022  2021  rM  rM  Amount	due	from	subsidiaries  Non-current  93,776,373  106,366,378  Less:	Allowance	for	ECLs  (1,268,911)  -  92,507,462  106,366,378  Current  37,463,045  21,431,616  Less:	Allowance	for	ECLs  (35,869,845)  (19,840,137)  1,593,200  1,591,479  94,100,662  107,957,857  Amount	due	to	a	subsidiary  (1)  (1)   |
|---|

The	amount	due	from/(to)	subsidiaries	are	non-trade	related,	unsecured,	non-interest	bearing	and	repayable	on	demand, except	for	RM93,776,373	(2021:	RM106,366,378)	amount	due	from	subsidiaries	subject	to	interest	rate	at	4.04%	(2021: 4.01%) per annum.

## 8. SUBSIDIARIES	(CONT'D)

## Amount	due	from/(to)	subsidiaries	(cont'd)

The	movements	in	the	allowance	for	ECLs	in	respect	of	amount	due	from	subsidiaries	during	the	financial	year	were	as follows:-

| Company  2022  2021  rM  rM  Brought	forward  19,840,137  19,829,682  Charge	for	the	financial	year  17,298,619  10,455  Carried	forward  37,138,756  19,840,137   |
|---|

The impairment loss was recognised to adjust the carrying amount of amount due from subsidiaries due to recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount.

## 9. oTher INVeSTMeNTS

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Non-current  Quoted shares in Malaysia  At fair value:-  Financial	assets	at	fair	value  through	profit	and	loss  1,107,294  1,209,464  864,169  781,564  Quoted shares in overseas  At fair value:-  Financial	assets	at	fair	value  through	OCI  -  36,346  -  -  1,107,294  1,245,810  864,169  781,564   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 10. oTher reCeIVableS

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Non-current  Non-trade	receivables	(Note	10.1)  1,471,965  1,419,445  -  -  Current  Non-trade	receivables  2,127,528  1,555,554  750,000  901,270  Deposits  6,291,796  1,693,771  -  -  Deposits	for	purchase	inventories  -  27,311,775  -  -  Prepayments  3,779,938  495,534  -  500  Proceeds	from	disposal	of	a	subsidiary  -  3,227,050  -  3,227,050  Advances  6,205  -  -  -  12,205,467  34,283,684  750,000  4,128,820  Less:	Allowance	for	ECLs  (1,637,399)  (4,265,719)  (750,000)  (3,378,320)  10,568,068  30,017,965  -  750,500  12,040,033  31,437,410  -  750,500   |
|---|

included in other receivables is as follow:-

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Rental deposits to companies  in	which	certain	Directors  have	interests  261,862  261,862  -  -  Amount due from  non-controlling	interests  195,660  750,015  -  750,000   |
|---|

The	amount	due	from	companies	in	which	certain	Directors	have	interest	and	non-controlling	interests	are	non-trade related,	unsecured,	non-interest	bearing	and	receivable	on	demand.

## Other receivables that are impaired

All impaired other receivables are individually determined. The reconciliation of the allowance for ECLs is as follows:-

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Brought	forward  4,265,719  4,265,719  3,378,320  3,378,320  Charged	for	the	financial	year  750,000  -  750,000  -  Written	off  (3,378,320)  -  (3,378,320)  -  Carried	forward  1,637,399  4,265,719  750,000  3,378,320   |
|---|

## 10. oTher reCeIVableS (CoNT'd)

10.1 The carrying amount of non-current of non-trade receivable is as follows:-

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Non-current  gross non-trade receivable  - later than 1 year but not  later	than	5	years  1,636,511  1,636,511  -  -  Fair	value	adjustment  calculated based on  cash	flows	discounted  using weighted average  effective	interest	rate  (164,546)  (217,066)  -  -  Present value of non-trade  receivable  1,471,965  1,419,445  -  -   |
|---|

The reconciliation of movements to fair value adjustment for the non-trade receivable is as follows:-

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Brought	forward  (217,066)  (267,711)  -  -  Unwinding interest on  non-trade receivable  carried	at	amortised	cost  52,520  50,645  -  -  Carried	forward  (164,546)  (217,066)  -  -   |
|---|

## 11. CASH	AND	BANK	BALANCES,	DEPOSITS	AND	PLACEMENTS

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Non-current  Deposits	with	licensed	banks  4,116,254  3,589,596  -  -  Current  Cash	and	bank	balances  15,425,918  46,052,241  392,746  1,157,892  Deposits	with	licensed	banks  17,620,685  47,283,824  -  -  33,046,603  93,336,065  392,746  1,157,892  37,162,857  96,925,661  392,746  1,157,892   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 11. CASH	AND	BANK	BALANCES,	DEPOSITS	AND	PLACEMENTS	(CONT'D)

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Presented in statements of  financial	position  37,162,857  96,925,661  392,746  1,157,892  Less:	Deposits	with	licensed	banks  (19,120,760)  (37,060,661)  -  -  Less:	Collection	account  (805,450)  -  -  -  Less:	Bank	overdrafts  (15,123,583)  (18,679,997)  -  -  Presented	in	statements	of	cash	flows  2,113,064  41,185,003  392,746  1,157,892   |
|---|

Included	in	deposits	with	licensed	banks	of	the	Group	with	carrying	amount	of	RM19,120,760	(2021:	RM37,060,661) have been pledged to banks for banking facilities granted to the subsidiaries.

Included	in	deposits	with	licensed	banks	of	the	Group	with	carrying	amount	of	RM805,450	(2021:	RMNil)	is	held	as collection	account	to	obtain	banking	facilities	and	hence,	are	not	available	for	general	use.

The interest rates of the deposits with licensed banks of the group ranging from 1.30% to 3.05% (2021: 1.30% to 5.00%) per annum and matured within a year.

## 12. deFerred Tax aSSeTS/(lIabIlITIeS)

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Brought	forward  12,665,568  15,348,363  Acquisition	of	a	subsidiary  -  (160,000)  Recognised	in	profit	or	loss  (8,754,253)  (2,522,795)  Carried	forward  3,911,315  12,665,568  Presented	after	appropriate	offsetting	as	follows:-  Deferred	tax	assets  4,764,900  12,963,000  Deferred	tax	liabilities  (853,585)  (297,432)  3,911,315  12,665,568   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

## (CONT'D)

## 12. deFerred Tax aSSeTS/(lIabIlITIeS) (CoNT'd)

(a) The	components	and	movement	of	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	as	follows:-

## Deferred	tax	assets

| Unabsorbed  Unutilised  Unrealised  Allowance  Property,	plant  Right-of-use  Investment  capital  tax  foreign  for  Contract  and	equipment  assets  properties  allowances  losses  exchange  impairment  liability  Total  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  Group  At	1	January	2021  1,183,000  10,000  -  6,676,000  7,268,000  -  1,085,000  -  16,222,000  Recognised	in	profit	or	loss  (1,435,000)  29,000  (5,000)  (1,798,000)  192,000  -  (242,000)  -  (3,259,000)  At	31	December	2021  (252,000)  39,000  (5,000)  4,878,000  7,460,000  -  843,000  -  12,963,000  Recognised	in	profit	or	loss  252,000  (39,000)  5,000  (4,175,100)  (3,800,000)  -  (441,000)  -  (8,198,100)  At	31	December	2022  -  -  -  702,900  3,660,000  -  402,000  -  4,764,900  Deferred	tax	liabilities  Unabsorbed  Unutilised  Unrealised  Allowance  Property,	plant  Right-of-use  Investment  capital  tax  foreign  for  Contract  and	equipment  assets  properties  allowances  losses  exchange  impairment  liability  Total  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  Group  At	1	January	2021  (897,483)  (30,957)  (30,000)  76,803  -  -  -  8,000  (873,637)  Acquisition	of	a	subsidiary  -  -  (160,000)  -  -  -  -  -  (160,000)  Recognised	in	profit	or	loss  (397,454)  5,897  -  (70,204)  1,171,000  34,966  -  (8,000)  736,205  At	31	December	2021  (1,294,937)  (25,060)  (190,000)  6,599  1,171,000  34,966  -  -  (297,432)  Recognised	in	profit	or	loss  (2,999,212)  128,060  (558,000)  267,006  1,295,000  (34,966)  1,345,959  -  (556,153)  At	31	December	2022  (4,294,149)  103,000  (748,000)  273,605  2,466,000  -  1,345,959  -  (853,585)   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 12. deFerred Tax aSSeTS/(lIabIlITIeS) (CoNT'd)

- (b) Deferred	tax	assets	have	not	been	recognised	in	respect	of	these	items	as	it	is	not	probable	that	future	taxable profits	will	be	available	against	which	the	subsidiaries	can	utilise	the	benefits	therefrom.

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Property,	plant	and	equipment  -  1,068  Unabsorbed	capital	allowances  7,220,153  2,802,346  Unutilised	tax	losses  27,951,670  21,261,437  Allowance	for	impairment  6,004,147  4,825,279  41,175,970  28,890,130   |
|---|

The	Group's	unabsorbed	capital	allowances	and	unutilised	tax	losses	amounting	to	RM7,220,153	and	RM27,951,670 (2021:	RM2,802,346	and	RM21,261,437)	respectively	can	be	carried	forward	to	offset	against	future	taxable	profits.

Effective	Year	of	Assessment	('YA')	2019	as	announced	in	the	Annual	Budget	2022,	the	unutilised	tax	losses	of	the Company	as	of	31	December	2022	and	thereafter	will	only	be	available	for	carry	forward	for	a	period	of	10	consecutive years,	the	unutilised	tax	losses	will	be	disregarded.

The	expiry	of	the	unutilised	tax	losses	is	as	follows:-

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Year	of	assessment  2028  10,833,784  10,833,784  2029  1,110,649  271,890  2030  6,920,319  8,752,651  2031  4,514,472  1,403,112  2032  4,572,446  -  27,951,670  21,261,437   |
|---|

## 13. INVENTORIES

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Trading	goods  7,380,367  12,136,985  Work-in-progress  104,368,124  55,380,420  111,748,491  67,517,405  Recognised	in	profit	or	loss:-  Inventories	recognised	as	cost	of	sales  225,279,482  175,205,434   |
|---|

## 14. TRADE	RECEIVABLES

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Trade	receivables  91,873,747  106,330,587  Retention	sum  3,914,334  3,914,334  95,788,081  110,244,921  Less:	Allowance	for	ECLs  (14,271,462)  (9,653,752)  81,516,619  100,591,169   |
|---|

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are recognised at their original invoice amounts which represent their fair values on initial recognition. interest is charged on overdue accounts at 1.50% (2021: 1.50%) per month.

The credit term granted by the group to trade receivables range from 7 to 90 days (2021: 7 to 90 days). Other credit terms are assessed and approved on a case-by-case basis.

included in the trade receivables are as follows:-

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Amount	due	from	companies	in	which	certain	Directors	have	interest  5,533,827  26,356,217   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 14. TRADE	RECEIVABLES	(CONT'D)

The	movements	in	the	allowance	for	ECLs	in	respect	of	trade	receivables	during	the	financial	year	were	as	follows:-

| Individually  Collectively  Group  impaired  impaired  Total  rM  rM  rM  At	1	January	2021  6,138,111  950,730  7,088,841  Charge	for	the	financial	year  2,216,767  3,543,099  5,759,866  Reversal	of	ECLs  (806,080)  (376,716)  (1,182,796)  Written	off  (2,012,159)  -  (2,012,159)  At	31	December	2021  5,536,639  4,117,113  9,653,752  Charge	for	the	financial	year  6,495,829  1,193,450  7,689,279  Reversal	of	ECLs  (649,669)  (2,421,868)  (3,071,537)  Written	off  (32)  -  (32)  At	31	December	2022  11,382,767  2,888,695  14,271,462   |
|---|

## 15. CoNTraCT aSSeTS/(lIabIlITIeS)

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Contract	assets  16,560,229  60,024,974  Contract	liabilities  Deferred	income  (5,400)  (8,638,591)  Deposits	received  -  (4,170,002)  (5,400)  (12,808,593)   |
|---|

## Contract assets

The	contract	assets	primarily	relate	to	the	Group's	rights	to	consideration	for	work	completed	on	supply	on	manpower services	but	not	yet	billed	at	the	reporting	date.	Typically,	the	amount	will	be	billed	within	30	to	90	days	(2021:	30	days to	90	days)	and	payment	is	expected	within	30	to	60	days	(2021:	30	to	60	days).

## Deferred	income

Deferred	income	represents	the	advance	billing	issued	to	customer	for	rental	of	equipment.

## Deposits	received

Deposits	received	relate	to	deposits	made	by	customers	for	the	construction	projects	which	is	partially	performed	or have	yet	to	perform	by	the	Group	as	at	the	reporting	date.	The	Group	applies	the	practical	expedient	in	MFRS	15	on	not disclosing	the	aggregate	amount	of	the	revenue	expected	to	be	recognised	in	the	future	as	the	performance	obligation is	part	of	a	contract	that	has	an	original	expected	duration	of	less	than	one	year.

## 16. SHARE	CAPITAL

| Group	and	Company  Group	and	Company  Number	of	ordinary	shares  Amount  2022  2021  2022  2021  Unit  Unit  rM  rM  Issued	and	fully	paid	with  no	par	value:-  At	1	January  757,054,856  531,854,856  249,949,521  167,751,521  Issued	during	the	financial	year  -	Private	placement  -  225,200,000  -  82,198,000  At	31	December  757,054,856  757,054,856  249,949,521  249,949,521   |
|---|

At	the	end	of	the	reporting	date,	17,348,800	(2021:	17,348,800)	unit	of	ordinary	shares	are	held	by	the	Company	as treasury	shares	(Note	17	to	the	financial	statements),	and	number	of	outstanding	ordinary	shares	issued	and	fully	paid (excluding	treasury	shares)	is	739,706,056	(2021:	739,706,056)	units.

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company. All ordinary shares carry	one	vote	per	share	without	restrictions	and	rank	equally	with	regard	to	the	Company's	residual	assets.	In	respect	of the	Company's	treasury	shares	that	are	held	by	the	Company,	all	rights	are	suspended	until	those	shares	are	reissued.

## 17. TreaSUrY ShareS

There	were	no	repurchase	and	resale	of	treasury	shares	during	the	financial	year.

At	the	end	of	the	reporting	date,	the	Group	and	the	Company	held	757,054,856	(2021:	757,054,856)	of	the	Company's shares	and	number	of	ordinary	shares	after	setting	off	against	treasury	shares	is	739,706,056	(2021:	739,706,056).

## 18. RESERVES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Non-distributable:-  Fair	value	reserve  20,990  47,985  20,990  20,990  Revaluation	reserve  6,047,566  191,059  -  -  Capital	reserve  18,296,517  18,296,517  57,026,993  57,026,993  Foreign	currency	translation	reserve  (8,560)  (6,067)  -  -  24,356,513  18,529,494  57,047,983  57,047,983   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 18. RESERVES	(CONT'D)

## Fair	value	reserve

The fair value reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity designated at fair value through other comprehensive income until the assets are derecognised or impaired.

## Revaluation reserve

Revaluation reserve arising from revaluation of properties are not available for distribution as dividends.

## Capital reserve

The	capital	reserve	included	all	the	changes	in	the	Group's	ownership	interest	in	a	subsidiary	that	do	not	result	in	a	loss of control and capital reduction.

## Foreign	currency	translation	reserve

The	foreign	currency	translation	reserve	arose	from	the	exchange	differences	on	the	translation	of	foreign	operations.

## 19. leaSe lIabIlITIeS

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Represented by:-  Non-current  11,705,859  5,092,068  Current  4,359,855  2,711,766  16,065,714  7,803,834   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The	maturity	analysis	of	lease	liabilities	is	disclosed	in	Note	35	to	the	financial	statements.

The	Group's	total	cash	outflows	for	leases	amounting	to	RM5,246,540	(2021:	RM3,311,430).

The effective interest rates of the lease liabilities are ranging from 2.93% to 7.96% (2021: 2.93% to 6.89%) per annum.

## 20. borroWINGS

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Non-current  Secured:-  Term	loans  349,871,284  19,930,584  Unsecured:-  Fixed	loans  3,143,975  8,911,543  Term	loans  658,162  263,999,507  Invoice	financing  32,759,307  -  Trust	receipts  3,317,332  -  389,750,060  292,841,634  Current  Secured:-  Term	loans  20,055,330  1,551,989  Unsecured:-  Bankers'	acceptances  13,313,231  16,696,918  Fixed	loans  5,767,570  5,375,779  Invoice	financing  153,667,864  56,879,734  Revolving	credit  27,300,000  14,700,000  Term	loans  312,254  300,273  Bank	overdrafts  15,123,583  18,679,997  Trust	receipts  12,879,860  29,131,715  248,419,692  143,316,405  638,169,752  436,158,039   |
|---|

The above borrowings are secured by means of the followings:- i) A	legal	charge	over	the	Group's	certain	property,	plant	and	equipment;

ii) A	legal	charge	over	the	Group's	leasehold	land	and	buildings;

- iii) A legal charge over the capital work-in-progress of the group;

iv) Against	assignment	of	insurance	policy	of	a	Director	of	its	subsidiary	and	a	subsidiary;

v) Against	assignment	of	contract	payment/proceeds	of	subsidiaries;

vi) Against future income of a subsidiary;

- vii) Against letter of undertaking of the Company;

viii) Certain deposits with licensed banks of subsidiaries;

ix) Charge	over	shares	of	a	subsidiary;

x) Corporate	guarantee	by	a	subsidiary;	and xi) Corporate	guarantee	by	the	Company.

The borrowings bear interest rates ranging from 1.90% to 7.57% (2021: 1.85% to 6.57%) per annum.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 21. GoVerNMeNT GraNTS

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  at cost  At	1	January  6,524,040  6,217,057  Additions  -  306,983  At	31	December  6,524,040  6,524,040  accumulated amortisation  At	1	January  1,739,478  1,351,540  Charge	for	the	financial	year  248,548  387,938  At	31	December  1,988,026  1,739,478  Net carrying amount  4,536,014  4,784,562   |
|---|

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Current  Amortised	within	the	next	12	months  248,548  517,250  Non-current  Amortised	after	the	next	12	months  4,287,466  4,267,312  4,536,014  4,784,562   |
|---|

The	government	grant	received	is	in	respect	of	the	purchase	of	an	asset	and	training	expenses	incurred	under	the	scheme of	Malaysia	Investment	Development	Authority	('MIDA')	by	the	government	principal	agency	for	promotion	of	the	Metal surface Treatment for Aerospace in Malaysia.

## 22. Trade PaYableS

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Trade	payables  42,988,503  52,849,051  Retention	sum  456,946  13,289  43,445,449  52,862,340   |
|---|

The normal trade credit terms granted to the group range from 30 to 90 days (2021: 30 to 90 days).

included in trade payables is as follows:-

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Amount	due	to	companies	in	which	certain	Directors	have	interests  5,370,082  675,558   |
|---|

## 23. OTHER	PAYABLES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Non-trade	payables  25,159,163  24,374,434  122,222  130,274  Accrued	expenses  9,756,748  22,785,442  60,352  64,850  Deposits	received  586,600  544,571  -  -  SST	payable  745,645  614,860  -  -  36,248,156  48,319,307  182,574  195,124   |
|---|

included in other payables are as follow:-

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Amount	due	to	non-controlling	interest  21,237,000  22,870,000  Amount	due	to	companies	in	which	certain	Directors	have	interest  502,364  114,995   |
|---|

In	financial	year	2020,	the	Group	entered	into	an	agreement	for	the	acquisition	of	its	entire	equity	interest	in	a	subsidiary, T7	Wenmax	Sdn.	Bhd.	via	a	management	buy-out	for	a	total	consideration	of	RM39,200,000.	The	outstanding	amounting to	RM21,237,000	(2021:	RM22,870,000)	will	be	repayment	by	installments.

The	amounts	due	to	non-controlling	interest	and	companies	in	which	certain	Directors	have	interest	are	non-trade	related, unsecured,	non-interest	bearing	and	repayable	on	demand.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 24. REVENUE

## 24.1	 Disaggregated	Revenue	Information

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Revenue from contract  with customers:-  Rendering	of	services  205,657,782  186,162,562  -  -  Supply	of	manpower  49,621,158  47,676,692  -  -  Installation	services  69,098,220  2,325,672  -  -  Sales	of	goods  38,038,965  68,575,437  -  -  Other revenue:-  Dividend	income  7,406  7,406  7,406  3,507,406  Rental	income  546,501  747,763  -  -  Management	fee  -  -  1,200,000  1,200,000  362,970,032  305,495,532  1,207,406  4,707,406  Timing of revenue recognition:-  At	a	point	in	time  38,046,371  68,582,843  7,406  3,507,406  Over	time  324,923,661  236,912,689  1,200,000  1,200,000  362,970,032  305,495,532  1,207,406  4,707,406   |
|---|

## 24.2	 Geographical	Market

The	Group's	and	the	Company's	revenue	information	based	on	geographical	location	are	as	follows:-

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Malaysia  356,686,811  262,411,214  1,207,406  4,707,406  southeast Asia other  than	Malaysia  6,283,221  43,084,318  -  -  362,970,032  305,495,532  1,207,406  4,707,406   |
|---|

## 24.3	 Performance	obligations

Information	about	the	Group's	performance	obligations	are	summarised	below:-

## Rendering	of	services,	supply	of	manpower	and	installation	services

The	performance	obligation	is	satisfied	over-time	and	payment	is	generally	due	upon	completion	of	installation	and acceptance	of	the	customer.	In	some	contracts,	short-term	advances	are	required	before	the	installation	service is provided.

## 24. REVENUE	(CONT'D)

## 24.3	 Performance	obligations	(cont'd)

## Rendering	of	services,	supply	of	manpower	and	installation	services	(cont'd)

## Contract value yet to be recognised as revenue

As	at	the	reporting	date,	revenue	expected	to	be	recognised	in	the	future	relating	to	performance	obligations	that	are unsatisfied	(or	partially	unsatisfied)	of	the	Group	is	RM457,146,261	(2021:	RM218,938,825).	The	Group	expected to	recognised	this	revenue	over	the	next	12	to	36	months.

## Sales	of	goods

The	performance	obligation	is	satisfied	at	a	point	in	time	and	payment	is	generally	due	upon	completion	of	services performed.

## 25. FINaNCe INCoMe

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  interest income:  -	Cash	at	bank  332,392  444,135  405  22,182  -	Fixed	deposit  466,302  639,136  -  -  -	Subsidiaries  -  -  4,110,469  2,479,324  -	Overdue	interest  -  222,650  -  -  - Unwinding interest on non-trade  receivable	carried	at	amortised	cost  52,520  50,645  -  -  851,214  1,356,566  4,110,874  2,501,506   |
|---|

## 26. FINANCE	COSTS

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Interest	expenses:  -	Bankers'	acceptances  488,055  652,418  -	Bank	guarantees  102,864  8,662  -	Fixed	loans  742,284  407,696  -	Invoice	financing  5,138,097  2,420,216  -	Lease	liabilities  526,269  359,857  -	Letter	of	credit  86,115  163,626  -	Revolving	credit  903,741  222,246  -	Trust	receipts  168,831  86,668  -	Term	loans  1,047,660  945,101  -	Loss	on	non-trade	payable	carried	at	amortised	cost  -  280,997  -	Overdrafts  326,412  96,807  9,530,328  5,644,294   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 27. ProFIT beFore Tax

Profit	before	tax	has	been	determined	after	charging/(crediting),	amongst	other,	the	following	items:-

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Auditors'	remuneration:-  grant Thornton Malaysia PLT:  -	Statutory	audit  439,900  342,100  79,000  55,000  -	Other	services  -  8,000  -  -  Other	external	auditors  9,477  1,290  -  -  Amortisation	of	intangible	assets  -  2  -  -  Amortisation	of	government	grants  (248,548)  (387,938)  -  -  Depreciation	of	property,	plant	and	equipment  5,329,354  5,598,206  -  -  Depreciation	of	right-of-use	assets  2,755,563  2,021,532  -  -  Directors'	fees  641,750  655,250  221,750  235,250  Dividend	income  (7,406)  (7,406)  (7,406)  (3,507,406)  Fair	value	gain	on	investment	properties  (1,749,227)  (150,000)  -  -  Loss	on	disposal	of	property,	plant  and	equipment  -  20,000  -  -  impairment loss of ECLs:  -	Trade	receivables  7,689,279  5,759,866  -  -  -	Amount	due	from	subsidiaries  -  -  17,298,619  10,455  -	Other	receivables  750,000  -  750,000  -  impairment loss on:  -	Investment	in	subsidiaries  2,306,110  -  3,104,041  1,519,280  -	Intangible	assets  -  56,681  -  -  Net	fair	value	loss/(gain)	on	other	investments  102,170  241,614  (82,605)  202,714  Net	realised	loss/(gain)	on	foreign	exchange  6,673,720  2,244,206  (9,623)  (11,800)  Net	unrealised	(gain)/loss	on	foreign	exchange  (962,933)  1,139,931  -  -  Reversal of ECLs:  -	Trade	receivables  (3,071,537)  (1,182,796)  -  -  Reversal of impairment loss:  -	Investment	in	a	subsidiary  -  -  (35,958,694)  (4,857,488)   |
|---|

## 28. TAX	EXPENSE

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Current tax  -	Current	financial	year  4,276,589  3,649,781  1,068,880  711,420  -	Under/(Over)	provision	in  prior	financial	year  428,502  (192,723)  89,482  (5,221)  4,705,091  3,457,058  1,158,362  706,199  Deferred	tax  -	Current	financial	year  9,550,053  2,521,276  -  -  -	(Over)/Under	recognised	in  prior	financial	year  (795,800)  1,519  -  -  8,754,253  2,522,795  -  -  13,459,344  5,979,853  1,158,362  706,199   |
|---|

Malaysian	income	tax	is	calculated	at	the	statutory	tax	rate	24%	(2021:	24%)	of	the	estimated	taxable	profit	for	the	financial year.

Taxation	for	other	jurisdication	is	calculated	at	the	rates	prevailing	in	the	respective	jurisdication.

The	numerical	reconciliation	between	the	average	effective	tax	rate	and	the	statutory	tax	rate	of	the	Group	and	of	the Company are as follows:-

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Profit	before	tax  33,698,311  18,995,414  18,913,957  9,153,876  Tax	at	Malaysian	statutory  tax	rate	of	24%	(2021:	24%)  8,087,595  4,558,900  4,539,350  2,196,930  Tax	effects	in	respect	of:-  Expenses	not	deductible	for	tax	purposes  3,813,156  3,459,955  4,438,559  548,197  Income	not	subject	to	tax  (1,206,710)  (1,059,581)  (7,909,029)  (2,033,707)  Movement	of	deferred	tax	assets  not	recognised  2,948,601  (788,217)  -  -  (Over)/Under	recognised	deferred  tax	in	prior	financial	year  (795,800)  1,519  -  -  Under/(Over)	provision	of	tax	expense  in	prior	financial	year  428,502  (192,723)  89,482  (5,221)  Changes	in	real	property	gain	tax	rate  184,000  -  -  -  13,459,344  5,979,853  1,158,362  706,199   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 29. dIVIdeNdS

| Group	and	Company  2022  2021  rM  rM  In	respect	of	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2021:-  First	interim	single	tier	dividend	of	RM0.005	per	ordinary	share,  paid	on	8	October	2021  -  3,082,530   |
|---|

The	Directors	do	not	recommend	any	final	dividend	payment	for	the	previous	financial	year.

## 30. EARNINGS	PER	SHARE

## (a) Basic	earnings	per	ordinary	shares

Basic	earnings	per	share	are	calculated	by	dividing	profit	for	the	financial	year	attributable	to	ordinary	equity	holders of	the	Company	by	the	weighted	average	number	of	ordinary	shares	in	issue	during	the	financial	year,	excluding treasury shares and including mandatorily convertible instruments held by the Company.

## Profits attributable to ordinary shares

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Profit	used	for	the	computation	of	basic/diluted  -	Profit	attributable	to	equity	holders	of	the	Company  20,352,636  10,559,362   |
|---|

## Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Weighted	average	number	of	ordinary	shares	after	deducting  treasury	shares	used	for	the	computation	of	basic  739,706,056  626,773,061  Basic	earnings	per	ordinary	shares  2.75  1.68   |
|---|

## (b) Diluted

There	are	no	diluted	earnings	per	share	because	the	Company	does	not	have	any	convertible	financial	instruments as at the end of the year.

## 31. EMPLOYEE	BENEFITS	EXPENSE

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Salaries,	wages	and	other	emoluments  17,449,426  12,783,945  124,672  136,976  Defined	contribution	plans  3,556,268  2,561,224  -  -  21,005,694  15,345,169  124,672  136,976   |
|---|

Included	in	the	employee	benefit	expenses	is	the	Directors'	remuneration	as	below:-

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Existing	Directors	of	the	Company  Salaries,	wages	and	other	emoluments  2,570,862  2,108,000  -  -  Defined	contribution	plans  612,493  252,960  -  -  3,183,355  2,360,960  -  -  Past	Director	of	a	subsidiary  Salaries,	wages	and	other	emoluments  -  162,000  -  -  Defined	contribution	plans  -  19,440  -  -  -  181,440  -  -  3,183,355  2,542,400  -  -   |
|---|

## 32. EMPLOYEES'	SHARE	OPTION	SCHEME	('ESOS')

At	an	Extraordinary	General	Meeting	held	on	22	December	2016,	the	Company's	shareholders	approved	the	establishment of	ESOS	for	the	eligible	Directors	and	employees	of	the	Group.	The	ESOS	shall	be	in	force	for	a	period	of	ten	(10)	years commencing	from	28	March	2017	and	will	expire	on	27	March	2027.

The salient features of the EsOs are as follows:-

- (a) the	maximum	number	of	new	shares	of	the	Company	which	may	be	issued	and	allotted	pursuant	to	the	exercise of	the	share	options	shall	not	in	aggregate	exceed	ten	percent	(10%)	of	the	issued	and	paid-up	share	capital	of the Company at any point of time during the duration of the EsOs.
- (b) any	employee	(including	Executive	Directors)	shall	be	eligible	to	participate	in	the	ESOS	if,	as	at	the	date	of	offer, that person is at least eighteen (18) years of age or above and is employed full time.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 32. EMPLOYEES'	SHARE	OPTION	SCHEME	('ESOS')	(CONT'D)

The	salient	features	of	the	ESOS	are	as	follows	(cont'd):-

- (c) not more than ten per centum (10%) (or such percentage as allowable by the relevant authorities) of the shares available	under	the	ESOS	should	be	allocated	to	any	individual	director	or	employee	who,	either	singly	or	collectively through	his/her	associates,	holds	twenty	per	centum	(20%)	or	more	in	the	issued	and	paid-up	share	capital	of	the Company.
- (d) the	option	price	shall	be	the	higher	of	either	the	5-day	weighted	average	market	price	of	the	Company's	shares	at the	date	of	offer,	with	a	discount	of	not	more	than	10%	as	may	be	permitted	by	relevant	authorities	from	time	to time	during	the	duration	of	the	ESOS	or	the	par	value	of	the	Company's	share.
- (e) options	are	exercisable,	in	whole	or	in	part	(provided	that	an	Option	is	exercised	in	part	in	respect	of	100	shares or any multiple thereof) as follows:-

| Maximum	Percentage	of	Options	Exercisable	from	Acceptance	Date  Year 1  Year 2  Year	3  Year	4  Year 5  20%  40%  60%  80%  100%  Year	6  Year 7  Year	8  Year 9  Year 10  100%  100%  100%  100%  100%   |
|---|

(f) the options shall not carry any voting rights at any general meeting of the Company and shall not be entitled to any dividends,	rights	and/or	other	distributions.

(g) the	new	shares	to	be	allotted	and	issued	upon	exercise	of	any	option	shall	upon	allotment	rank	pari	passu	in	all respects	with	the	existing	shares	of	the	Company.

The	ESOS	has	not	been	granted	since	22	December	2016.

## 33. RELATED	PARTY	DISCLOSURES

The	Group	and	the	Company	have	related	party	relationship	with	its	significant	investors,	subsidiaries,	Directors	and	key management personnel.

## 33.1	 Transactions	with	related	parties:-

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Rental	expenses	paid	to	companies	in  which	certain	Directors	have	interest  1,277,570  1,270,570  -  -  Management	fee	charged	to	a	subsidiary  -  -  1,200,000  1,200,000  Interest	income	charged	to	subsidiaries  -  -  4,110,469  2,479,324  sales to companies in which certain  Directors	have	interest  2,955,754  37,206,950  -  -   |
|---|

## 33. RELATED	PARTY	DISCLOSURES	(CONT'D)

## 33.1	 Transactions	with	related	parties	(cont'd):-

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Purchase from companies in which  certain	Directors	have	interest  4,572,595  5,267,090  -  -  Purchase from a company in which  certain	Directors	have	interest  -	capitalised	in	property,	plant  and	equipment  916,316  667,506  -  -  Payment made on behalf and  reimbursed from companies in which  certain	Directors	have	interest  83,481  74,308  -  -  Administrative	expense	charged  by a company in which certain  Directors	have	interest  30,278  -  -  -  Advance	to	subsidiaries  -  -  20,620,492  93,752,915  Payment made on behalf and  reimbursed	to	subsidiaries  -  -  19,289  41,566  Payment made on behalf and  reimbursed	from	subsidiaries  -  -  1,735,380  518,723   |
|---|

The group and the Company undertakes the above transactions on agreed terms and prices with its related parties in the normal course of business.

The	outstanding	balances	arising	from	related	party	transactions	as	at	the	reporting	date	are	disclosed	in	Notes	8, 10,	14,	22	and	23	to	the	financial	statements.

The	Directors	are	of	the	opinion	that	all	the	transactions	above	have	been	entered	into	the	normal	course	of business and have been established on terms and conditions that are not materially different from that obtainable in transactions with unrelated parties.

Key	management	personnel	are	defined	as	those	persons	having	authority	and	responsibility	for	planning,	directing and controlling the activities of the Company either directly or indirectly and entity that provides key management personnel services to the group and the Company.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 33. RELATED	PARTY	DISCLOSURES	(CONT'D)

## 33.2	 Compensation	of	key	management	personnel

Key	management	includes	all	the	Directors	of	the	Company	and	its	subsidiaries	and	certain	members	of	senior management of the group and of the Company.

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Directors'	fees  641,750  655,250  221,750  235,250  Salaries	and	other	emoluments  3,460,862  2,270,000  -  -  Defined	contribution	plans  720,295  272,400  -  -  4,822,907  3,197,650  221,750  235,250   |
|---|

## 34. OPERATING	SEGMENTS

## General information

The	information	reported	to	the	Group's	chief	operating	decision	maker	to	make	decisions	about	resources	to	be	allocated and	for	assessing	their	performance	is	based	on	the	nature	of	the	activities	of	the	Group.	The	Group's	operating	segments are as follows:-

Products	and	services	segment :

Rendering	of	services,	repair,	maintenance	and	installation,	sales	of	products	and services and supply of manpower.

Engineered	packages	segment :

Rendering	of	services,	repair,	maintenance	and	installation	services	of	engineered packages.

## Measurement of reportable segments

segment information is prepared in conformity with the accounting policies adopted for preparing and presenting the consolidated	financial	statements.	Transactions	between	reportable	segments	are	measured	on	the	basis	that	is	similar to	those	external	customers.	There	are	no	significant	changes	from	prior	financial	year	in	the	measurement	methods	used to determine reported segment results.

All	the	Group's	assets	are	allocated	to	reportable	segments	other	than	assets	used	centrally	for	the	Group	and	current and	deferred	tax	assets.	Jointly	used	assets	are	allocated	on	the	basis	of	the	revenues	earned	by	individual	segments.

All	the	Group's	liabilities	are	allocated	to	reportable	segments	other	than	liabilities	incurred	centrally	for	the	Group,	current and	deferred	tax	liabilities.	Jointly	incurred	liabilities	are	allocated	in	proportion	to	the	segment	assets.

Transfer	prices	between	operating	segments	are	on	an	arm's	length	basis	in	a	manner	similar	to	transactions	with	third parties.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

## (CONT'D)

## 34. OPERATING	SEGMENTS	(CONT'D)

Analysis	of	the	Group's	revenue,	results,	assets,	liabilities	and	other	information	by	operating	segment	are	shown	below:-

| Product and  engineered  Group  services  packages  Total  Eliminations  Note  Consolidated  2022  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  revenue  External	revenue  360,722,634  2,247,398  362,970,032  -  362,970,032  Intersegment	revenue  5,820,503  72,412,065  78,232,568  (78,232,568)  A  -  Total	revenue  366,543,137  74,659,463  441,202,600  (78,232,568)  362,970,032  results  Segment	profit/(loss)  47,033,580  2,883,007  49,916,587  (20,998,506)  B  28,918,081  Finance	income  14,706,943  93  14,707,036  (13,855,822)  851,214  Finance	costs  (17,576,146)  (2,586,740)  (20,162,886)  10,632,558  (9,530,328)  Depreciation	and	amortisation  (5,086,631)  (2,189,533)  (7,276,164)  (560,205)  (7,836,369)  Tax	expense  (13,469,426)  10,082  (13,459,344)  -  (13,459,344)  Other	non-cash	expenses  (2,212,643)  (545,109)  (2,757,752)  -  C  (2,757,752)  assets  Segment	assets  1,732,296,372  75,435,760  1,807,732,132  (785,325,732)  D  1,022,406,400  Additions to non-current assets  other	than	financial	instruments  293,645,061  48,396  293,693,457  -  E  293,693,457  Liabilities  Segment	liabilities  (631,344,949)  (30,934,032)  (662,278,981)  582,579,976  F  (79,699,005)   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 34. OPERATING	SEGMENTS	(CONT'D)

Analysis	of	the	Group's	revenue,	results,	assets,	liabilities	and	other	information	by	operating	segment	are	shown	below	(cont'd):-

| Product and  engineered  Group	(cont'd)  services  packages  Total  Eliminations  Note  Consolidated  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  revenue  External	revenue  270,832,088  34,663,444  305,495,532  -  305,495,532  Intersegment	revenue  57,572,884  2,074,439  59,647,323  (59,647,323)  A  -  Total	revenue  328,404,972  36,737,883  365,142,855  (59,647,323)  305,495,532  results  Segment	profit/(loss)  24,273,447  1,661,674  25,935,121  (8,631,832)  B  17,303,289  Finance	income  16,353,544  -  16,353,544  (14,996,978)  1,356,566  Finance	costs  (19,609,315)  (1,342,583)  (20,951,898)  15,307,604  (5,644,294)  Depreciation	and	amortisation  (4,136,365)  (2,536,852)  (6,673,217)  (558,585)  (7,231,802)  Tax	expense  (5,931,270)  (460,852)  (6,392,122)  412,269  (5,979,853)  Other	non-cash	expenses  (4,524,654)  (1,360,642)  (5,885,296)  -  C  (5,885,296)  assets  Segment	assets  1,500,640,781  118,326,094  1,618,966,875  (806,843,498)  D  812,123,377  Additions to non-current assets  other	than	financial	instruments  185,280,393  48,396  185,328,789  -  E  185,328,789  Liabilities  Segment	liabilities  (671,143,002)  (70,891,097)  (742,034,099)  628,043,859  F  (113,990,240)   |
|---|

## 34. OPERATING	SEGMENTS	(CONT'D)

Notes	to	the	nature	of	adjustments	and	eliminations	to	arrive	at	amounts	reported	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements:-

- A. intersegment revenues are eliminated on consolidation.
- B. The	following	items	are	added	to/(deducted	from)	segment	profit	to	arrive	at	'profit	after	tax'	presented	in	the	profit or loss:-
- C. Other	major	non-cash	income/(expenses)	consist	of	the	following	items	as	presented	in	the	respective	notes	to the	financial	statements:-

| 2022  2021  rM  rM  Segment	profit  28,918,081  17,303,289  Finance	income  851,214  1,356,566  Finance	costs  (9,530,328)  (5,644,294)  Profit	after	tax  20,238,967  13,015,561   |
|---|

| 2022  2021  rM  rM  impairment loss on ECLs:  -	Trade	receivables  (7,689,279)  (5,759,866)  -	Other	receivables  (750,000)  -  Impairment	on	intangible	assets  -  (56,681)  Loss	on	disposal	of	property,	plant	and	equipment  -  (20,000)  Net	fair	value	loss	on	other	investments  (102,170)  (241,614)  Net	fair	value	gain	on	investment	properties  1,749,227  150,000  Reversal of ECLs:  -	Trade	receivables  3,071,537  1,182,796  Unrealised	gain/(loss)	on	foreign	exchange  962,933  (1,139,931)  (2,757,752)  (5,885,296)   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 34. OPERATING	SEGMENTS	(CONT'D)

Notes	to	the	nature	of	adjustments	and	eliminations	to	arrive	at	amounts	reported	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements (cont'd):-

- D. The	following	items	are	added	to	segment	assets	to	arrive	at	total	assets	reported	in	the	statements	of	financial position:-
- E. Additions	to	non-current	assets	other	than	financial	instruments	and	deferred	tax	assets	consist	of:-
- F. The	following	items	are	added	to	segment	liabilities	to	arrive	at	total	liabilities	reported	in	the	statements	of	financial position:-

| 2022  2021  rM  rM  Segment	assets  1,022,406,400  812,123,377  Deferred	tax	assets  4,764,900  12,963,000  Tax	recoverable  5,710,017  4,199,435  Total	assets  1,032,881,317  829,285,812   |
|---|

| 2022  2021  rM  rM  Property,	plant	and	equipment  281,982,793  181,232,469  Right-of-use	assets  11,710,664  4,096,320  293,693,457  185,328,789   |
|---|

| 2022  2021  rM  rM  Segment	liabilities  (79,699,005)  (113,990,240)  Lease	liabilities  (16,065,714)  (7,803,834)  Borrowings  (638,169,752)  (436,158,039)  Government	grants  (4,536,014)  (4,784,562)  Tax	payable  (1,572,282)  (392,307)  Deferred	tax	liabilities  (853,585)  (297,432)  Total	liabilities  (740,896,352)  (563,426,414)   |
|---|

## 34. OPERATING	SEGMENTS	(CONT'D)

## geographical information

The	Group's	revenue	and	non-current	assets	information	based	on	geographical	location	are	as	follows:-

| Revenue  Non-current	assets  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Malaysia*  356,686,811  262,411,214  773,730,917  473,598,391  Southeast	Asia	other	than	Malaysia  6,283,221  43,084,318  373  408  362,970,032  305,495,532  773,731,290  473,598,799   |
|---|

## * Company's	home	country

Non-current	assets	information	presented	above	consist	of	the	following	items	as	presented	in	the	statements	of	financial position:-

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Property,	plant	and	equipment  711,909,215  422,223,614  Right-of-use	assets  34,161,662  25,206,561  Investment	properties  16,200,000  6,950,773  Intangible	assets  -  -  Other	investments  1,107,294  1,245,810  Other	receivable  1,471,965  1,419,445  Cash	and	bank	balances,	deposits	and	placements  4,116,254  3,589,596  Deferred	tax	assets  4,764,900  12,963,000  773,731,290  473,598,799   |
|---|

## Major customers

The	following	are	major	customers	with	revenue	equal	or	more	than	10	percent	of	the	Group's	revenue:-

| RM  %  Operating	Segment  Group  2022  Customer	A  96,355,802  27  Product	and	services.  Customer	B  43,616,680  12  Product	and	services.  Customer	C  41,061,004  11  Product	and	services.  2021  Customer	A  76,612,018  25  Product	and	services.  Customer	B  39,867,418  13  Product	and	services.  Customer	C  32,801,385  11  Product	and	services.  Customer	D  31,633,155  10  Product	and	services.   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 35. FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS

## 35.1	 Category	of	financial	instruments

The	table	below	provides	an	analysis	of	financial	instruments	categorised	as	follows:-

(i) Fair	value	through	other	comprehensive	income	('FVOCI');

- (ii) Fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	designated	upon	initial	recognition	('FVTPL');	and

(iii) Amortised cost ('AC').

| Carrying  Group  amount  FVOCI  FVTPL  AC  rM  rM  rM  rM  2022  Financial assets  Trade	receivables  81,516,619  -  -  81,516,619  Other	receivables  8,260,095  -  -  8,260,095  Cash	and	bank	balances,  deposits	and	placements  37,162,857  -  -  37,162,857  Other	investments  1,107,294  -  1,107,294  -  128,046,865  -  1,107,294  126,939,571  Financial	liabilities  Trade	payables  43,445,449  -  -  43,445,449  Other	payables  35,502,511  -  -  35,502,511  Borrowings  638,169,752  -  -  638,169,752  717,117,712  -  -  717,117,712  2021  Financial assets  Trade	receivables  100,591,169  -  -  100,591,169  Other	receivables  30,941,876  -  -  30,941,876  Cash	and	bank	balances,  deposits	and	placements  96,925,661  -  -  96,925,661  Other	investments  1,245,810  36,346  1,209,464  -  229,704,516  36,346  1,209,464  228,458,706  Financial	liabilities  Trade	payables  52,862,340  -  -  52,862,340  Other	payables  47,704,447  -  -  47,704,447  Borrowings  436,158,039  -  -  436,158,039  536,724,826  -  -  536,724,826   |
|---|

## 35. FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS	(CONT'D)

## 35.1	 Category	of	financial	instruments	(cont'd)

The	table	below	provides	an	analysis	of	financial	instruments	categorised	as	follows	(cont'd):-

- (i) Fair	value	through	other	comprehensive	income	('FVOCI');
- (ii) Fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	designated	upon	initial	recognition	('FVTPL');	and

(iii) Amortised cost ('AC').

| Carrying  Company  amount  FVOCI  FVTPL  AC  rM  rM  rM  rM  2022  Financial assets  Amount	due	from	subsidiaries  94,100,662  -  -  94,100,662  Cash	and	bank	balances,  deposits	and	placements  392,746  -  -  392,746  Other	investments  864,169  -  864,169  -  95,357,577  -  864,169  94,493,408  Financial	liabilities  Other	payables  182,574  -  -  182,574  Amount	due	to	a	subsidiary  1  -  -  1  182,575  -  -  182,575  2021  Financial assets  Other	receivable  750,000  -  -  750,000  Amount	due	from	subsidiaries  107,957,857  -  -  107,957,857  Cash	and	bank	balances,  deposits	and	placements  1,157,892  -  -  1,157,892  Other	investments  781,564  -  781,564  -  110,647,313  -  781,564  109,865,749  Financial	liabilities  Other	payables  195,124  -  -  195,124  Amount	due	to	a	subsidiary  1  -  -  1  195,125  -  -  195,125   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 35. FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS	(CONT'D)

## 35.2	 Net	gains	and	losses	arising	from	financial	instruments

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Net	gains/(losses)	on:-  Financial	assets	at	FVOCI  - recognised in other comprehensive  income  973  107,280  -  -  Financial	assets	at	FVTPL  -	recognised	in	profit	or	loss  (102,170)  (241,614)  82,605  (202,714)  Financial	assets	at	AC  -	recognised	in	profit	or	loss  5,367,742  (4,577,070)  (18,048,619)  (10,455)   |
|---|

## 35.3	 Financial	risk	management

The	Group	and	the	Company	are	mainly	exposed	to	credit	risk,	liquidity	risk,	foreign	currency	risk,	interest	rate risk	and	equity	price	risk.	The	Group	and	the	Company	have	formal	risk	management	policies	and	guidelines,	as approved	by	the	Board	of	Directors,	which	set	out	its	overall	business	strategies,	its	tolerance	for	risks	and	its general risk management philosophy. such policies are monitored and undertaken by the management.

The	following	sections	explain	key	risks	faced	by	the	Group	and	the	Company	and	its	management.	Financial assets	and	liabilities	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	are	summarised	in	Note	3.8	to	the	financial	statements.

## 35.3.1	 Credit	risk

Credit	risk	refers	to	the	risk	that	a	counterparty	will	default	in	its	contractual	obligations	resulting	in	financial loss	to	the	Group	and	the	Company.	For	other	financial	assets,	the	Company	adopts	the	policy	of	dealing with reputable institutions.

Following	are	the	areas	where	the	Group	and	the	Company	are	exposed	to	credit	risk.

## Exposure	to	credit	risk

Maximum	exposure	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	to	credit	risk	is	represented	by	the	carrying	amount of	financial	assets	recognised	at	reporting	date	as	summarised	below:-

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  Classes	of	financial	assets:-  Trade	receivables  81,516,619  100,591,169  Other	receivables  8,260,095  30,941,876  Contract	assets  16,560,229  60,024,974  Cash	and	bank	balances,	deposits	and	placements  37,162,857  96,925,661  143,499,800  288,483,680   |
|---|

## 35. FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS	(CONT'D)

## 35.3	 Financial	risk	management	(cont'd)

## 35.3.1	 Credit	risk	(cont'd)

## Exposure	to	credit	risk	(cont'd)

Maximum	exposure	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	to	credit	risk	is	represented	by	the	carrying	amount of	financial	assets	recognised	at	reporting	date	as	summarised	below	(cont'd):-

| Company  2022  2021  rM  rM  Classes	of	financial	assets:-  Other	receivable  -  750,000  Amount	due	from	subsidiaries  94,100,662  107,957,857  Cash	and	bank	balances,	deposits	and	placements  392,746  1,157,892  94,493,408  109,865,749   |
|---|

## Credit risk concentration

The	credit	risk	concentration	profile	by	geographical	on	trade	receivables	of	the	Group	as	at	the	reporting date is as follows:-

| Group  2022  2021  rM  rM  By	country:-  Malaysia  79,655,861  79,675,898  United	Arab	Emirates  -  1,220,554  Southeast	Asia	other	than	Malaysia  1,860,758  19,694,717  81,516,619  100,591,169   |
|---|

The group determines concentration of credit risk by comparing the amount due from each individual customer	against	the	total	trade	receivables	and	contract	assets.	The	credit	risk	concentration	profile	of the	Group's	trade	receivable	and	contract	assets	at	the	reporting	date	is	as	follows:-

| Group  2022  2022  2021  2021  rM  %  rM  %  Trade	receivables  Customer	A  17,648,756  18  23,185,227  23  Customer	B  14,603,164  15  18,317,445  18  Customer	C  13,504,832  14  11,773,556  12  Contract assets  Customer	A  16,457,188  99  59,036,090  98   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 35. FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS	(CONT'D)

## 35.3	 Financial	risk	management	(cont'd)

## 35.3.1	 Credit	risk	(cont'd)

Receivables and contract assets

## Recognition	and	measurement	of	impairment	loss

In	managing	credit	risk	of	trade	receivables	and	contract	assets,	the	Group	and	the	Company	manage their	debtors	and	take	appropriate	actions	to	recover	long	overdue	balances.	For	trade	receivables'	and contract	assets'	credit	term	that	are	past	due	but	not	impaired,	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	debt recovery process is the group and the Company will initiate a structured debt recovery process which is monitored via management reporting procedures.

The	Group	and	the	Company	apply	the	simplified	approach	under	MFRS	9	to	measure	expected	credit losses,	which	uses	a	lifetime	expected	credit	losses	for	all	trade	receivables	and	contract	assets.	The	Group and the Company evaluate the credit losses on a case-by-case basis.

The	Group	and	the	Company	assess	the	expected	loss	rates	based	on	historical	payment	profiles	of	the trade	receivables	and	contract	assets	and	the	corresponding	historical	credit	losses	experienced.	The historical	loss	rates	are	adjusted	to	reflect	current	and	forward-looking	information	on	factors	affecting	the financial	capability	of	the	debtor	and	default	or	significant	delay	in	payments.	No	significant	changes	to estimation techniques or assumptions were made during the reporting period.

At	each	reporting	date,	the	Group	and	the	Company	assesses	whether	any	of	the	trade	receivables	and contract assets are credit impaired. The gross carrying amounts of credit impaired trade receivables are written	off	(either	partially	or	in	full)	to	the	extent	that	there	is	no	realistic	prospect	of	recovery.	This	is	generally the case when the group and the Company determine that the debtor does not have assets or sources of	income	that	could	generate	sufficient	cash	flows	to	repay	the	amounts	subject	to	the	write-off.	Trade receivables that are written off are still subjected to enforcement activities.

As	at	the	reporting	date,	the	management	is	of	the	opinion	that	all	necessary	impairment	that	is	required has been provided for and trade receivables have not been impaired are credit worthy debtors whereby impairment is not required.

None	of	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	financial	assets	are	secured	by	collateral	 or	 other	 credit enhancements.

## 35. FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS	(CONT'D)

## 35.3	 Financial	risk	management	(cont'd)

## 35.3.1	 Credit	risk	(cont'd)

Receivables	and	contract	assets	(cont'd)

## Recognition	and	measurement	of	impairment	loss	(cont'd)

Set	out	below	is	the	information	about	the	credit	risk	exposure	and	ECLs	on	the	Group's	trade	receivables and	contract	assets	which	are	grouped	together	as	they	are	expected	to	have	similar	risk	nature:-

| Gross  carrying  loss  Net  Group  amount  allowances  balances  rM  rM  rM  2022  Current	(Not	past	due)  56,220,053  (513,348)  55,706,705  1-30	days	past	due  9,055,244  (509,419)  8,545,825  31-60	days	past	due  2,463,272  (189,032)  2,274,240  61-90	days	past	due  713,122  (62,328)  650,794  More	than	90	days	past	due  15,953,623  (1,614,568)  14,339,055  Collectively	impaired  84,405,314  (2,888,695)  81,516,619  individually impaired  Current	(Not	past	due)  510,405  (510,405)  -  More	than	90	days	past	due  10,872,362  (10,872,362)  -  11,382,767  (11,382,767)  -  Trade	receivables  95,788,081  (14,271,462)  81,516,619  Trade	receivables  95,788,081  (14,271,462)  81,516,619  Contract	assets  16,560,229  -  16,560,229  112,348,310  (14,271,462)  98,076,848   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 35. FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS	(CONT'D)

## 35.3	 Financial	risk	management	(cont'd)

## 35.3.1	 Credit	risk	(cont'd)

Receivables	and	contract	assets	(cont'd)

## Recognition	and	measurement	of	impairment	loss	(cont'd)

Set	out	below	is	the	information	about	the	credit	risk	exposure	and	ECLs	on	the	Group's	trade	receivables and	contract	assets	which	are	grouped	together	as	they	are	expected	to	have	similar	risk	nature	(cont'd):-

| Gross  carrying  loss  Net  Group	(cont'd)  amount  allowances  balances  rM  rM  rM  2021  Current	(Not	past	due)  25,662,945  (717,709)  24,945,236  1-30	days	past	due  35,640,601  (1,327,782)  34,312,819  31-60	days	past	due  2,506,507  (90,010)  2,416,497  61-90	days	past	due  19,655,366  (996,341)  18,659,025  More	than	90	days	past	due  21,242,863  (985,271)  20,257,592  Collectively	impaired  104,708,282  (4,117,113)  100,591,169  individually impaired  More	than	90	days	past	due  5,536,639  (5,536,639)  -  5,536,639  (5,536,639)  -  Trade	receivables  110,244,921  (9,653,752)  100,591,169  Trade	receivables  110,244,921  (9,653,752)  100,591,169  Contract	assets  60,024,974  -  60,024,974  170,269,895  (9,653,752)  160,616,143   |
|---|

## 35. FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS	(CONT'D)

## 35.3	 Financial	risk	management	(cont'd)

## 35.3.1	 Credit	risk	(cont'd)

## Other receivables

As	at	the	reporting	date,	the	management	is	of	the	opinion	that	all	necessary	impairment	that	is	required has been provided for.

## intercompany balances

The group and the Company provide advances to subsidiaries and monitors the ability of the subsidiaries to repay the advances on an individual basis.

Loans and advances provided are not secured by any collateral or supported by any other credit enhancements.

Generally,	the	Company	considers	loans	and	advances	to	subsidiaries	to	have	low	credit	risk.	The	Company assumes	that	there	is	a	significant	increase	in	credit	risk	when	the	subsidiaries'	financial	position	deteriorates significantly.	As	the	Company	is	able	to	determine	the	timing	of	payments	of	the	loans	and	advances	when they	are	payable,	the	Company	considers	the	loans	and	advances	to	be	in	default	when	the	subsidiaries are not able to pay when demanded. The Company considers the loan or advances to be credit impaired when	the	subsidiaries	are	unlikely	to	repay	their	loan	or	advance	to	the	Company	in	full,	the	loan	or	advance is	overdue	for	more	than	a	year,	or	the	subsidiaries	are	continuously	loss	making	and	having	deficit	in shareholders'	funds.

The Company determines the probability of default for these loans and advances individually using internal information available.

As	at	the	reporting	date,	the	management	is	of	the	opinion	that	all	necessary	impairment	that	is	required has been provided for.

## Cash	and	bank	balances,	deposits	and	placements

The	credit	risk	for	cash	and	bank	balances,	deposits	and	placements	are	considered	negligible,	since	the counterparties	are	reputable	financial	institutions	with	high	quality	external	credit	ratings	and	have	no	history of	default.	Consequently,	the	Group	and	the	Company	are	of	the	view	that	the	allowance	is	not	material and	hence,	it	is	not	provided	for.

## Corporate	guarantee/Financial	guarantee

The	Group	and	the	Company	provide	unsecured	financial	guarantees	to	banks	in	respect	of	banking	facilities granted	to	certain	subsidiaries	and	customers.	The	maximum	exposure	to	credit	risk	is	disclosed	in	Note 35.3.2	to	the	financial	statements	as	at	the	reporting	date.	The	Group	and	the	Company	monitor	on	an ongoing basis the results and repayments made by the subsidiaries and customers. As at the end of the reporting	year,	there	was	no	indication	that	the	subsidiaries	and	customers	would	default	on	repayment.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 35. FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS	(CONT'D)

## 35.3	 Financial	risk	management	(cont'd)

## 35.3.2	 Liquidity	risk

Liquidity	risk	refers	to	the	risk	that	the	Group	and	the	Company	will	encounter	difficulty	in	meeting	its obligations	as	and	when	they	fall	due.	The	Group's	and	the	Company's	exposure	to	liquidity	risk	arises particularly	from	payables,	loans	and	borrowings	and	it	maintains	a	level	of	cash	and	cash	equivalents deemed	adequate	by	management	to	ensure	it	has	sufficient	liquidity	to	meets	its	obligations	as	and	when they fall due.

Analysis	of	financial	instruments	by	remaining	contractual	maturities

The	following	financial	liabilities	of	the	Group	and	the	Company	are	subjected	to	liquidity	risk:-

| Contractual	cash	flows  Current  Non-current  on demand/  Carrying  Within one  2 to 5  More than  Group  amount  Total  year  years  5	years  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  2022  Non-derivative  financial	liabilities  Secured  Borrowings  369,926,614  460,613,176  37,825,152  151,300,608  271,487,416  Unsecured  Trade	payables  43,445,449  43,445,449  43,445,449  -  -  Other	payables  35,502,511  35,502,511  35,502,511  -  -  Lease	liabilities  16,065,714  18,435,003  5,296,546  13,138,457  -  Borrowings  268,243,138  281,412,744  261,533,570  11,029,315  8,849,859  733,183,426  839,408,883  383,603,228  175,468,380  280,337,275  Performance	guarantee*  32,708,651  32,708,651  32,708,651  -  -   |
|---|

## 35. FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS	(CONT'D)

## 35.3	 Financial	risk	management	(cont'd)

## 35.3.2	 Liquidity	risk	(cont'd)

Analysis	of	financial	instruments	by	remaining	contractual	maturities	(cont'd)

The	following	financial	liabilities	of	the	Group	and	the	Company	are	subjected	to	liquidity	risk	(cont'd):-

| Contractual	cash	flows  Current  Non-current  on demand/  Carrying  Within one  2 to 5  More than  Group	(cont'd)  amount  Total  year  years  5	years  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  2021  Non-derivative  financial	liabilities  Secured  Borrowings  21,482,573  34,497,444  2,572,912  10,284,451  21,640,081  Unsecured  Trade	payables  52,862,340  52,862,340  52,862,340  -  -  Other	payables  47,704,447  47,704,447  47,704,447  -  -  Lease	liabilities  7,803,834  8,476,445  3,038,808  5,437,637  -  Borrowings  414,675,466  494,643,286  142,548,584  159,215,999  192,878,703  544,528,660  638,183,962  248,727,091  174,938,087  214,518,784  Performance	guarantee*  54,966,668  54,966,668  54,966,668  -  -  Company  2022  Non-derivative  financial	liabilities  Unsecured  Other	payables  182,574  182,574  182,574  -  -  Corporate	guarantee*  251,827,500  251,827,500  251,827,500  -  -  Performance	guarantee*  32,708,651  32,708,651  32,708,651  -  -  284,536,151  284,536,151  284,536,151  -  -   |
|---|

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 35. FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS	(CONT'D)

## 35.3	 Financial	risk	management	(cont'd)

## 35.3.2	 Liquidity	risk	(cont'd)

Analysis	of	financial	instruments	by	remaining	contractual	maturities	(cont'd)

The	following	financial	liabilities	of	the	Group	and	the	Company	are	subjected	to	liquidity	risk	(cont'd):-

| Contractual	cash	flows  Current  Non-current  on demand/  Carrying  Within one  2 to 5  More than  Company	(cont'd)  amount  Total  year  years  5	years  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  2021  Non-derivative  financial	liabilities  Unsecured  Other	payables  195,124  195,124  195,124  -  -  Amount due to a  subsidiary  1  1  1  -  -  195,125  195,125  195,125  -  -  Corporate	guarantee*  148,841,554  148,841,554  148,841,554  -  -  Performance	guarantee*  54,966,668  54,966,668  54,966,668  -  -  203,808,222  203,808,222  203,808,222  -  -   |
|---|

* This	exposure	is	included	in	liquidity	risk	for	illustration	only.	No	financial	guarantee	was	called	upon by the holders as at the end of the reporting period.

The	above	amounts	reflect	the	contractual	undiscounted	cash	flows,	which	may	differ	from	the	carrying values	of	the	financial	liabilities	at	the	reporting	date.

## 35.3.3	 Foreign	currency	risk

Foreign	currency	risk	is	the	risk	that	the	fair	value	or	future	cash	flows	of	a	financial	instrument	will	fluctuate because	of	changes	in	foreign	exchange	rates.

To	mitigate	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	exposure	to	foreign	currency	risk,	the	Group	and	the	Company are	exposed	to	foreign	currency	risk	on	sales,	purchases,	investments	and	cash	and	cash	equivalent	that are denominated in a currency other than the functional currencies of Company. The currency giving rise to	this	risk	is	primarily	Australian	Dollar	('AUD'),	Euro	('EURO'),	Great	Britain	Pound	('GBP'),	Japanese Yen	('JPY'),	Singapore	Dollar	('SGD'),	United	States	Dollar	('USD')	and	Chinese	Yuan	Renminbi	('CNY').

## 35. FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS	(CONT'D)

## 35.3	 Financial	risk	management	(cont'd)

## 35.3.3	 Foreign	currency	risk	(cont'd)

The	carrying	amount	of	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	foreign	currency	denominated	financial	assets	and financial	liabilities	at	the	end	of	the	reporting	period	are	as	follows:-

| AUD  EURO  GBP  JPY  SGD  USD  CNY  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM  Group  2022  Trade	receivables  -  53,629  2,597,264  115,102  255,531  37,920,839  -  Cash and bank  balances,	deposits  and	placements  46,074  654,268  531,281  3,499  341,006  856,739  -  Trade	payables  -  -  (234,966)  (783,861)  -  (2,169,459)  -  Other	payables  -  -  (243,209)  -  -  -  -  Borrowings  -  -  (558,945)  (694,932)  -  (44,502,905)  (202,944)  Net	exposure  46,074  707,897  2,091,425  (1,360,192)  596,537  (7,894,786)  (202,944)  2021  Trade	receivables  -  53,878  809,231  -  1,047,335  75,697,222  -  Cash and bank  balances,	deposits  and	placements  46,975  1,208,412  303,457  1,716,114  506,062  7,048,127  -  Trade	payables  -  -  (1,260,514)  (75,402)  -  (11,202,265)  (13,705,043)  Other	payables  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Borrowings  -  (239,120)  (1,967,524)  (475,880)  (990,592)  (32,495,039)  -  Net	exposure  46,975  1,023,170  (2,115,350)  1,164,832  562,805  39,048,045  (13,705,043)  Company  2022  Cash and bank  balances,	deposits  and	placements  44,402  -  123,892  -  70,283  75,313  -  Net	exposure  44,402  -  123,892  -  70,283  75,313  -  2021  Cash and bank  balances,	deposits  and	placements  44,994  -  130,786  -  66,165  196,569  -  Net	exposure  44,994  -  130,786  -  66,165  196,569  -   |
|---|

Certain of the other foreign currencies are not presented as the amounts are not material.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 35. FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS	(CONT'D)

## 35.3	 Financial	risk	management	(cont'd)

## 35.3.3	 Foreign	currency	risk	(cont'd)

Foreign	currency	risk	sensitivity	analysis

The	following	table	illustrates	the	sensitivity	of	profit	or	loss	with	regards	to	the	Group's	and	the	Company's financial	assets	and	financial	liabilities	and	the	RM/AUD	exchange	rate,	RM/EURO	exchange	rate,	RM/ GBP	exchange	rate,	RM/JPY	exchange	rate,	RM/SGD	exchange	rate,	RM/USD	exchange	rate	and	RM/ CNY	exchange	rate	assuming	all	other	things	being	equal.

A	+/-1%	to	+/-2%	(2021:	+/-1%	to	+/-2%)	change	in	the	RM/AUD,	RM/EURO,	RM/GBP,	RM/JPY,	RM/ SGD,	RM/USD	and	RM/CNY	exchange	rates	at	the	reporting	period	is	deemed	possible.	Both	of	these percentages	have	been	determined	based	on	average	market	volatility	in	exchange	rates	in	the	previous 12	months.	The	sensitivity	analysis	is	based	on	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	foreign	currency	financial instruments	held	at	each	reporting	date	and	also	takes	into	account	forward	exchange	contracts	that	offset effects	from	changes	in	currency	exchange	rates.

If	the	RM	had	strengthened/weakened	against	the	AUD,	EURO,	GBP,	JPY,	SGD,	USD	and	CNY	by	1%	to 2%	(2021:	1%	to	2%),	then	the	impact	would	be	as	follows:-

| Effect	on	equity/profit	for	the	years/equity  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  rM/aUd  - strengthened 2% (2021: 1%)  (921)  (470)  (888)  (450)  -	Weakened	2%	(2021:	1%)  921  470  888  450  rM/eUro  -	Strengthened	2%	(2021:	1%)  (14,158)  (10,232)  -  -  -	Weakened	2%	(2021:	1%)  14,158  10,232  -  -  rM/GbP  -	Strengthened	2%	(2021:	2%)  (41,829)  42,307  (2,478)  (2,616)  -	Weakened	2%	(2021:	2%)  41,829  (42,307)  2,478  2,616  RM/JPY  -	Strengthened	2%	(2021:	1%)  27,204  (11,648)  -  -  -	Weakened	2%	(2021:	1%)  (27,204)  11,648  -  -  rM/SGd  -	Strengthened	1%	(2021:	1%)  (5,965)  (5,628)  (703)  (662)  -	Weakened	1%	(2021:	1%)  5,965  5,628  703  662  rM/USd  -	Strengthened	2%	(2021:	1%)  157,896  (390,480)  (1,506)  (1,966)  -	Weakened	2%	(2021:	1%)  (157,896)  390,480  1,506  1,966  rM/CNY  -	Strengthened	1%	(2021:	2%)  2,029  274,101  -  -  -	Weakened	1%	(2021:	2%)  (2,029)  (274,101)  -  -   |
|---|

Exposures	to	foreign	exchange	rates	vary	during	the	financial	year	depending	on	the	volume	of	overseas transactions.	Nonetheless,	the	analysis	above	is	considered	to	be	representative	of	the	Group's	and	the Company's	exposure	to	currency	risk.

## 35. FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS	(CONT'D)

## 35.3	 Financial	risk	management	(cont'd)

## 35.3.4	 Interest	rate	risk

Interest	rate	risk	is	caused	by	changes	in	market	interest	rate	resulting	in	fluctuation	in	fair	value	or	future cash	flow	of	financial	instruments	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company.	The	Group's	and	the	Company's	interest rate	management	objective	is	to	manage	interest	expenses	consistent	with	maintaining	an	acceptable	level of	exposure	to	interest	rate	fluctuation.

The	Group's	borrowing	is	at	fixed	interest	rates.	The	exposure	to	interest	rates	for	the	Group's	short-term placement is considered immaterial.

The	carrying	amount	of	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	financial	instruments	that	are	exposed	to	interest rate risk are as follows:-

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Fixed rate instruments  Financial	assets  Amount	due	from	subsidiaries  -  -  92,507,462  106,366,378  Other	receivable  1,471,965  1,419,445  -  -  Deposits	with	licensed	banks  17,711,939  47,373,420  -  -  Financial	liabilities  Lease	liabilities  (16,065,714)  (7,803,834)  -  -  Borrowings  (252,149,139)  (131,695,689)  -  -  (249,030,949)  (90,706,658)  92,507,462  106,366,378  Floating rate instrument  Financial	liability  Borrowings  (386,020,613)  (304,462,350)  -  -   |
|---|

## Fair	value	sensitivity	analysis	for	fixed	rate	instruments

The	Group	and	the	Company	do	not	account	for	any	fixed	rate	financial	assets	and	liabilities	at	fair	value through	profit	or	loss	and	does	not	designate	derivatives	as	hedging	instruments	under	a	fair	value	hedge accounting	model.	Therefore,	a	change	in	interest	rates	at	the	end	of	the	reporting	period	would	not	affect profit	or	loss.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 35. FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS	(CONT'D)

## 35.3	 Financial	risk	management	(cont'd)

## 35.3.4	 Interest	rate	risk	(cont'd)

Fair	value	sensitivity	analysis	for	floating	rate	instruments

The	following	table	illustrates	the	sensitivity	of	profit	to	a	reasonably	possible	change	in	interest	rates	of +/-	25	(2021:	+/-	25)	basis	points	('bp').	These	changes	are	considered	to	be	reasonably	possible	based on observation of current market conditions. The calculations are based on a change in the average market interest	rate	for	each	year,	and	the	financial	instruments	held	at	each	reporting	date	that	are	sensitive	to changes in interest rates. All other variables are held constant.

| Effect	on	equity/  profit	for	the	years  (decrease)/Increase  Group  rM  rM  2022	(+/-25bp)  (965,052)  965,052  2021	(+/-25bp)  (761,156)  761,156   |
|---|

Fair value measurement

The	carrying	amounts	of	financial	assets	and	liabilities	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	at	the	reporting date	approximate	their	fair	values	due	to	their	short-term	nature	or	they	are	floating	rate	instruments	repriced to market interest rates on or near the reporting date.

## 35.3.5	 Equity	price	risk

Equity	price	risk	is	the	risk	that	the	value	of	an	equity	instrument	will	fluctuate	as	a	result	of	changes	in market	prices.	The	Group	and	the	Company	are	exposed	to	equity	price	risk	mainly	through	the	Group's and	the	Company's	investment	in	quoted	shares.

If	the	unit	prices	for	quoted	'fair	value	through	other	comprehensive	income'	financial	assets	increased	by 10%	(2021:	10%),	with	all	other	variables	being	held	constant,	the	Group's	profit	for	the	financial	year	and equity	financial	assets	reserves	at	the	end	of	the	reporting	period	would	increase	approximately	by	RMNil (2021:	RM3,635)	respectively.

If	the	unit	prices	quoted	'fair	value	through	profit	or	loss'	financial	assets	increased	by	10%	(2021:	10%), with	all	other	variables	held	constant,	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	profit	for	the	financial	year	and	equity financial	assets	reserves	at	the	end	of	the	reporting	period	would	increase	approximately	by	RM110,729 and	RM86,417	(2021:	RM120,946	and	RM78,156)	respectively.

If	the	unit	prices	for	quoted	'fair	value	through	other	comprehensive	income	and	fair	value	through	profit or	loss'	financial	assets	decreased	by	10%,	with	all	other	variables	being	held	constant,	it	would	have	the equal but opposite effect on the amounts shown above.

## 36. FAIR	VALUE	OF	FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS

The	carrying	amounts	of	financial	assets	and	liabilities	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	at	the	reporting	date	approximately their	fair	values	due	to	their	short-term	nature,	insignificant	impact	of	discounting	or	that	they	are	floating	rate	instruments that are re-priced to market interest rates on or near the reporting date.

It	was	not	practicable	to	estimate	the	fair	value	of	the	Group's	and	of	the	Company's	investment	in	unquoted	shares	due to	the	lack	of	comparable	quoted	prices	in	active	market.	In	addition,	it	is	impracticable	to	use	valuation	technique	to estimate	the	fair	value	reliably	as	a	result	of	significant	variability	in	the	inputs	of	the	valuation	technique.	The	Group	and the Company do not intend to dispose of these investments in the near future.

The	fair	value	is	calculated	based	on	the	present	value	of	future	principal	and	interest	cash	flows,	discounted	at	the market	rate	of	interest	at	the	end	of	the	reporting	period.	For	finance	leases	that	market	rate	on	interest	is	determined	by reference	to	similar	lease	agreements.	The	interest	rates	used	to	discount	estimated	cash	flows,	when	applicable	are	as follows:-

| Group  2022  2021  %  %  Fixed	deposits  1.30	-	3.05  1.30	-	5.00  Other receivable  3.70  3.70  Lease liabilities  2.93 - 7.96  2.93 - 6.89  Borrowings  1.90	-	7.57  1.85	-	6.57   |
|---|

## 36.1	 Fair	value	hierarchy

The	carrying	amounts	of	financial	assets	and	liabilities	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	at	the	reporting	date approximately	their	fair	values	because	they	are	floating	rate	instruments	which	are	re-priced	to	market	rates	on or near reporting date or they have a short maturity period.

## Fair	value	measurement	of	financial	instruments

The	following	table	summarises	the	method	used	in	determining	the	fair	value	of	financial	assets	on	a	recurring basis	as	at	31	December	2022	and	31	December	2021:-

| Financial assets  Group  Fair value as at  2022  rM  2021  rM  Fair value  hierarchy  Valuation techniques  and	key	inputs  Quoted	investment	-	FVOCI  -  36,346  Level 1  Quoted bid prices in an  active market.  Quoted	investment	-	FVTPL  1,107,294  1,209,464  Level 1  Quoted bid prices in an  active market.   |
|---|

| Financial assets  Company  Fair value as at  2022  rM  2021  rM  Fair value  hierarchy  Valuation techniques  and	key	inputs  Quoted	investment	-	FVTPL  864,169  781,564  Level 1  Quoted bid prices in an  active market.   |
|---|

There were no transfers between Level in 2022 and 2021.

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## NoTeS To The FINaNCIal STaTeMeNTS

(CONT'D)

## 37. CAPITAL	MANAGEMENT

The	primary	objective	of	the	management	of	the	Group's	and	of	the	Company's	capital	structure	is	to	optimise	the	balance between	debts	and	equity	to	achieve	a	low	cost	of	capital	and	maximise	the	return	to	stakeholders.

The capital structure of the group and of the Company consists of debts (comprising lease liabilities and borrowings) and	equity	(comprising	issued	ordinary	shares,	retained	earning/accumulated	losses	and	other	reserves).	The	Group	and the	Company	monitor	their	capital	using	a	gearing	ratio,	based	on	total	borrowings	divided	by	total	capital.	The	Directors review	the	capital	structure	on	a	quarterly	basis,	and	consider	the	cost	of	capital	and	the	risks	associated	with	each	class of	capital.	During	the	current	financial	year,	no	significant	changes	were	made	in	the	objectives,	policies	or	processes	for managing capital.

The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:-

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  rM  rM  rM  rM  Lease	liabilities	(Note	19)  16,065,714  7,803,834  -  -  Borrowings	(Note	20)  638,169,752  436,158,039  -  -  654,235,466  443,961,873  -  -  Equity attributable to owners  of	the	Company  292,597,306  266,313,102  260,244,323  259,434,689  Gearing	ratio	(times)  2.24  1.67  -  -   |
|---|

Under	the	requirement	of	Bursa	Malaysia	Practice	Note	No.	17/2005,	the	Company	is	required	to	maintain	a	consolidated shareholders'	equity	equal	to	or	not	less	than	the	25%	of	the	issued	and	paid-up	capital	(excluding	treasury	shares)	and such	shareholders'	equity	is	not	less	than	RM40,000,000.	The	Company	has	complied	with	this	requirement.

## ordinary business

| 1. To	receive	the	Audited	Financial	Statements	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December 2022	together	with	the	Reports	of	the	Directors	and	the	Auditors	thereon.  (Please refer to Explanatory Note 1)  2. To	approve	the	payment	of	Directors'	fees	of	RM225,000/-	for	the	period	from	22	June 2023 to the Twentieth Annual general Meeting of the Company in year 2024.  (Ordinary Resolution 1)  3. To	approve	the	payment	of	benefits	payable	to	the	Non-Executive	Directors	up	to	an amount	of	RM178,000/-	for	the	period	from	22	June	2023	to	the	Twentieth	Annual	General Meeting of the Company in year 2024 pursuant to section 230(1)(b) of the Companies Act 2016.  (Ordinary Resolution 2)  4. To	re-elect	the	following	Directors	who	are	retiring	in	accordance	with	Clause	123	of	the Company's	Constitution	and	being	eligible,	have	offered	themselves	for	re-election:-  - (i) YBhg.	Tan	Sri	Datuk	Seri	Tan	Kean	Soon,	J.	P .  - (ii) YBhg.	CP	(R)	Dato'	Sri	Wan	Ahmad	Bin	Najmuddin	Bin	Mohd.  (Ordinary Resolution 3)  (Ordinary Resolution 4)  5. To	re-elect	YBhg.	Datuk	Seri	Rahim	Bin	Ismail,	a	Director	who	is	retiring	in	accordance with	Clause	106	of	the	Company's	Constitution	and	being	eligible,	has	offered	himself for re-election.  (Ordinary Resolution 5)  6. To re-appoint grant Thornton Malaysia PLT as Auditors of the Company until the conclusion of	the	next	Annual	General	Meeting	and	to	authorise	the	Directors	to	fix	their	remuneration.  (Ordinary Resolution 6)  ## Special	Business  To	consider	and	if	thought	fit,	with	or	without	any	modification,	to	pass	the	following	as	Ordinary Resolutions:-   |
|---|

## 7. ordINarY reSolUTIoN No. 1

- -
- AUTHORITY	TO	ISSUE	SHARES	PURSUANT	TO	THE	COMPANIES	ACT 2016 (Ordinary Resolution 7)

' ThaT subject	always	to	the	Companies	Act	2016,	the	Constitution	of	the	Company	and the	approvals	from	the	relevant	governmental	and/or	regulatory	authorities,	the	Directors	of the Company be and are hereby authorised and empowered pursuant to the Companies Act	2016,	to	issue	and	allot	shares	of	the	Company,	at	any	time,	at	such	price,	to	such persons	and	upon	such	terms	and	conditions	and	for	such	purposes	as	the	Directors may,	in	their	absolute	discretion,	deem	fit,	provided	that	the	aggregate	number	of	shares issued	pursuant	to	this	resolution	does	not	exceed	10%	of	the	total	number	of	issued shares	of	the	Company	(excluding	Treasury	Shares)	for	the	time	being	as	stipulated	under Paragraph	6.03(1)	of	the	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	of	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities Berhad;

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NoTICe IS herebY GIVeN that	the	Nineteenth	Annual	General	Meeting	of	T7	Global	Berhad	(' T7	Global ' or ' the	Company ') will	be	conducted	on	a	virtual	basis	at	the	broadcast	venue	at	T7	Global's	Boardroom,	C-16-01,	Level	16,	KL	Trillion Corporate	Tower,	338	Jalan	Tun	Razak,	50400	Kuala	Lumpur,	Wilayah	Persekutuan	(' broadcast Venue ')  via  Remote Participation	and	Voting	facilities	provided	by	Tricor	Investor	&amp;	Issuing	House	Services	Sdn.	Bhd.	(' Tricor ')	via	TIIH	Online website at https://tiih.online	on	Wednesday,	21	June	2023	at	10:00	a.m.	for	the	following	purposes:-

## aGeNda

## NoTICe oF aNNUal GeNeral MeeTING

(CONT'D)

ThaT in	connection	with	the	above,	pursuant	to	Section	85(1)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016 read	together	with	Clause	58	of	the	Company's	Constitution,	approval	be	and	is	hereby given to waive the statutory pre-emptive rights of the shareholders of the Company to be offered	new	shares	ranking	equally	to	the	existing	issued	shares	arising	from	any	issuance of new shares pursuant to this mandate;

aNd ThaT such authority shall commence immediately upon the passing of this resolution and	continue	to	be	in	force	until	the	conclusion	of	the	next	Annual	General	Meeting	of	the Company;

aNd ThaT the	Directors	of	the	Company,	whether	solely	or	jointly,	be	and	are	hereby empowered to obtain the approval for the listing of and quotation for the additional shares so	issued	on	the	Main	Market	of	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities	Berhad; aNd be  hereby authorised	to	do	all	such	acts	and	things	including	executing	all	relevant	documents as	he/they	may	consider	expedient	or	necessary	to	complete	and	give	full	effect	to	the abovesaid mandate.'

## 8. ordINarY reSolUTIoN No. 2

- -PROPOSED	RENEWAL	OF	EXISTING	SHAREHOLDERS'	MANDATE	FOR reCUrreNT relaTed ParTY TraNSaCTIoNS oF a reVeNUe or TradING NaTUre

' ThaT ,	subject	always	to	the	Companies	Act	2016	(' the act '),	the	Company's	Constitution and	the	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities	Berhad's	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements,	approval be and is hereby given to the Company and its subsidiaries to enter into all transactions involving	the	interests	of	Directors,	major	shareholders	or	persons	connected	with	Directors and/or	major	shareholders	of	the	Group	(' related Parties ')	as	described	in	the	Circular/ statement to shareholders dated 28 April 2023 (' recurrent rPTs ') provided that such transactions are:-

- (i) recurrent transactions of a revenue or trading nature;
- (ii) necessary for the day-to-day operations;
- (iii) carried out in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms which are not more favourable to the Related Parties than those generally available to the public; and
- (iv) are	not	to	the	detriment	of	the	minority	shareholders,

(' rrPT Mandate ').

aNd ThaT such approval shall continue to be in force until:-

- (a) the	conclusion	of	the	next	Annual	General	Meeting	of	the	Company,	at	which	time it	will	lapse,	unless	by	a	resolution	passed	at	that	meeting,	the	authority	is	renewed; or
- (b) the	expiration	of	the	period	within	which	the	next	Annual	General	Meeting	of	the Company is required to be held pursuant to section 340 of the Act (but shall not extend	to	such	extension	as	may	be	allowed	pursuant	to	Section	340(4)	of	the Act); or
- (c) revoked or varied by a resolution passed by shareholders in a general meeting; or

whichever is earlier; and the aggregate value of the Recurrent RPTs be disclosed in the annual report of the Company.

aNd ThaT the	Directors	of	the	Company	be	and	are	hereby	authorised	to	complete and	do	all	such	acts	and	things	as	they	may	consider	expedient	or	necessary	to	give	full effect to the RRPT Mandate.'

(Ordinary Resolution 8)

## 9. ORDINARY	RESOLUTION	NO.	3

- -PROPOSED	NEW	SHAREHOLDERS'	MANDATE	FOR	NEW	RECURRENT relaTed ParTY TraNSaCTIoNS oF a reVeNUe or TradING NaTUre

' ThaT ,	subject	always	to	the	Companies	Act	2016	(' the act '),	the	Constitution	of	the Company	and	the	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities	Berhad's	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements, approval be and is hereby given to the Company and its subsidiaries to enter into all transactions	involving	the	interests	of	Directors,	major	shareholders	or	persons	connected with	Directors	and/or	major	shareholders	of	the	Group	(' related Parties ') as described in the	Circular/Statement	to	Shareholders	dated	28	April	2023	(' recurrent rPTs ') provided that such transactions are:-

- (i) recurrent transactions of a revenue or trading nature;
- (ii) necessary for the day-to-day operations;
- (iii) carried out in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms which are not more favourable to the Related Parties than those generally available to the public; and
- (iv) are	not	to	the	detriment	of	the	minority	shareholders,

## (' rrPT Mandate ').

aNd ThaT such approval shall continue to be in force until:-

- (a) the	conclusion	of	the	next	Annual	General	Meeting	of	the	Company,	at	which	time it	will	lapse,	unless	by	a	resolution	passed	at	that	meeting,	the	authority	is	renewed; or
- (b) the	expiration	of	the	period	within	which	the	next	Annual	General	Meeting	of	the Company is required to be held pursuant to section 340 of the Act (but shall not extend	to	such	extension	as	may	be	allowed	pursuant	to	Section	340(4)	of	the Act); or
- (c) revoked or varied by a resolution passed by shareholders in a general meeting; or

whichever is earlier; and the aggregate value of the Recurrent RPTs be disclosed in the annual report of the Company.

aNd ThaT the	Directors	of	the	Company	be	and	are	hereby	authorised	to	complete and	do	all	such	acts	and	things	as	they	may	consider	expedient	or	necessary	to	give	full effect to the RRPT Mandate.'

## NoTICe oF aNNUal GeNeral MeeTING

(CONT'D)

(Ordinary Resolution 9)

## NoTICe oF aNNUal GeNeral MeeTING

(CONT'D)

## 10. ORDINARY	RESOLUTION	NO.	4

- -PROPOSED	RENEWAL	OF	AUTHORITY	FOR	THE	COMPANY	TO	PURCHASE ITS	 OWN	SHARES	('PROPOSED	RENEWAL	OF	SHARE	BUY-BACK aUThorITY)

' ThaT ,	 subject	always	to	the	Companies	Act	2016	(' the act '),	the	provisions	of	the Company's	Constitution,	 the	 Main	 Market	 Listing	 Requirements	 of	 Bursa	 Malaysia Securities	Berhad	(' bursa Malaysia Securities ')	and	all	other	applicable	laws,	guidelines, rules	 and	 regulations,	 the	 Company	 be	 and	 is	 hereby	 authorised	 to	 purchase	 such number	of	ordinary	shares	in	the	Company	as	may	be	determined	by	the	Directors	of the	Company	from	time	to	time	through	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities,	upon	such	terms	and conditions	as	the	Directors	in	their	discretion	deem	fit	and	expedient	in	the	best	interest of	the	Company,	provided	that:-

- (i) the	 aggregate	number	of	ordinary	shares	to	be	purchased	and/or	held	by	the Company	shall	not	exceed	ten	percent	(10%)	of	the	total	number	of	issued	shares of the Company as at the point of purchase(s); and
- (ii) the	maximum	funds	to	be	allocated	by	the	Company	for	the	purpose	of	purchasing its	own	shares	shall	not	exceed	the	aggregate	of	the	retained	profits	of	the	Company based	on	the	latest	audited	financial	statements	and/or	the	latest	management accounts of the Company (where applicable) available at the time of the purchase(s); and

That	upon	completion	of	the	purchase	by	the	Company	of	its	own	shares,	the	Directors of the Company be authorised to deal with the shares so purchased in their absolute discretion in the following manner:-

- (i) cancel	all	the	shares	so	purchased;	and	/or
- (ii) retain  the  shares  so  purchased  in  treasury  for  distribution  as  dividend  to  the shareholders	and/or	resell	on	the	market	of	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities;	and/or
- (iii) retain	part	thereof	as	treasury	shares	and	cancel	the	remainder;	and/or

in	any	other	manner	as	prescribed	by	the	Act,	rules,	regulations	and	orders	made	pursuant to	the	Act	and	the	requirements	of	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities	and	any	other	relevant authority for the time being in force.

ThaT such authority conferred by this Resolution shall commence immediately upon the passing of this Resolution and shall continue to be in force until:-

- (a) the	 conclusion	 of	 the	 next	 Annual	 General	 Meeting	 (' aGM ')  of  the  Company following	this	AGM	at	which	such	resolution	was	passed,	at	which	time	the	authority will	lapse,	unless	by	an	ordinary	resolution	passed	at	that	meeting,	the	authority	is renewed,	either	unconditionally	or	subject	to	conditions;	or
- (b) the	expiration	of	the	period	within	which	the	next	AGM	of	the	Company	after	that date is required by law to be held; or
- (c) revoked or varied by an ordinary resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company	in	a	general	meeting,

whichever	occurs	first.

(Ordinary Resolution 10)

## NoTICe oF aNNUal GeNeral MeeTING

(CONT'D)

aNd FUrTher ThaT the	Directors	of	the	Company	be	authorised	to	do	all	acts,	deeds and	things	and	to	take	all	such	steps	as	they	may	deem	fit,	appropriate,	expedient	or necessary in the best interest of the Company to give full effect to the Proposed Renewal of	Share	Buy-Back	Authority	with	full	powers	to	assent	to	any	condition,	modification, variation	and/or	amendment	as	may	be	required	or	imposed	by	the	relevant	authorities and	to	take	all	such	steps,	and	do	all	such	acts	and	things	as	they	may	deem	fit	and expedient	in	the	interest	of	the	Company.'

11. To transact any other ordinary business of which due notice shall have been given.

By	Order	of	the	Board

## CHUA	SIEW	CHUAN	(SSM	PC	NO.	201908002648)	(MAICSA	0777689) TAN	LOO	EE	(SSM	PC	NO.	201908002686)	(MAICSA	7063694)

Company secretaries

Dated:	28	April	2023

## Explanatory	Notes:	-

## 1. Item	1	of	the	Agenda	-	Audited	Financial	Statements	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022

This	Agenda	item	is	meant	for	discussion	only,	as	the	provision	of	Section	340(1)(a)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	does	not require	a	formal	approval	of	the	shareholders	for	the	Audited	Financial	Statements.	Hence,	this	Agenda	item	is	not	put forward for voting.

## 2. Items	2	and	3	of	the	Agenda	-	Directors'	Fees	and	Benefits

Section	230(1)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	provides	amongst	others,	that	the	fees	of	the	Directors,	and	any	benefits payable	to	the	Directors	of	a	listed	company	and	its	subsidiaries	shall	be	approved	at	the	general	meeting.

The	proposed	Ordinary	Resolution	1,	if	approved,	will	authorise	the	payment	of	Directors'	fees	to	the	Non-Executive Directors	(' Neds ')	of	the	Company	for	the	period	from	22	June	2023	to	the	Twentieth	Annual	General	Meeting	(' aGM ') of the Company in year 2024 and to be payable on a monthly basis in arrears after each month of completed service of the	Directors.	This	Resolution	is	to	facilitate	payment	of	Directors'	fees	on	current	financial	year	basis.

The	proposed	Ordinary	Resolution	2,	if	approved,	will	authorise	the	payment	of	Directors'	benefits	to	the	NEDs	by	the Company.	The	benefits	payable	to	the	NED	for	the	period	from	22	June	2023	to	the	Twentieth	AGM	of	the	Company	in	year 2024 are derived from the estimated meeting allowance based on the number of scheduled meetings and unscheduled meetings	(when	necessary)	for	the	Board	and	Board	Committees,	and	number	of	NEDs	involved	in	the	meetings.

In	the	event	that	the	Directors'	fees	and	benefits	payable	proposed	are	insufficient	due	to	enlarged	Board	size,	approval will	be	sought	at	the	next	AGM	for	additional	Directors'	fees	and	benefits	to	meet	the	shortfall.

## NoTICe oF aNNUal GeNeral MeeTING

(CONT'D)

## Explanatory	Notes	(cont'd):	-

## 3. Items	4	and	5	of	the	Agenda	-	Re-election	of	Directors

The	Nomination	Committee	has	considered	the	performance	and	contribution	of	each	of	the	retiring	Directors	and	has also	assessed	the	independence	of	the	Independent	Non-Executive	Directors	seeking	re-election.	The	retiring	Directors have	completed	the	Directors'	Declarations	of	Fit	and	Proper	and	they	are	found	to	be	fit	and	proper	for	re-election	as Directors.

Based	on	the	results	of	the	Board	Evaluation	conducted	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	December	2022,	the	performance of	each	of	the	retiring	Directors	was	found	to	be	satisfactory.	The	retiring	Independent	Non-Executive	Directors	have	also fulfilled	the	independence	criteria	set	out	in	the	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	of	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities	Berhad.

The	Board	has	endorsed	the	Nomination	Committee's	recommendation	to	seek	shareholders'	approval	for	the	re-election of	the	retiring	Directors.	The	retiring	Directors	had	abstained	from	deliberations	and	decisions	on	their	re-election	at	the Nomination	Committee	and	Board	meetings.

The	details	and	profiles	of	the	Directors	who	are	standing	for	re-election	at	the	Nineteenth	Annual	General	Meeting	are provided	in	the	Company's	Annual	Report	2022.

## 4. Item	6	of	the	Agenda	-	Re-appointment	of	Auditors

The	Audit	and	Risk	Management	Committee	and	the	Board	had,	on	4	April	2023,	considered	the	re-appointment	of Grant	Thornton	Malaysia	PLT	as	Auditors	of	the	Company.	The	Audit	and	Risk	Management	Committee	and	the	Board collectively	agreed	and	are	satisfied	that	Grant	Thornton	Malaysia	PLT	meets	the	relevant	criteria	prescribed	by	Paragraph 15.21	of	the	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements	of	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities	Berhad.

## 5. Item	7	of	the	Agenda	-	Authority	to	Issue	Shares	Pursuant	to	the	Companies	Act	2016

The Company wishes to renew the mandate on the authority to issue and allot shares pursuant to the Companies Act 2016 at the Nineteenth AgM of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the ' General Mandate ').

The Company had been granted a general mandate by its shareholders at the Eighteenth AgM of the Company held on 29	June	2022	(hereinafter	referred	to	as	the	' Previous Mandate ').	As	at	the	date	of	this	Notice,	no	new	shares	in	the Company were issued pursuant to the Previous Mandate.

The	proposed	resolution,	if	passed,	will	provide	flexibility	to	the	Directors	of	the	Company	to	undertake	any	possible fund	raising	activities,	including	but	not	limited	to	placement	of	shares,	for	the	purpose	of	funding	Company's	future investment	projects,	working	capital,	acquisitions	and/or	such	other	purposes	as	the	Directors	may	deem	fit,	without having	to	convene	a	general	meeting,	provided	that	the	aggregate	number	of	the	shares	issued	pursuant	to	the	General Mandate	does	not	exceed	10%	of	the	total	number	of	issued	shares	of	the	Company	(excluding	Treasury	Shares).	This authority,	unless	revoked	or	varied	by	the	Company	in	a	general	meeting,	will	expire	at	the	conclusion	of	the	next	AGM of the Company.

Pursuant	to	Section	85(1)	of	the	Companies	Act	2016	be	read	together	with	Clause	58	of	the	Company's	Constitution, shareholders	have	pre-emptive	rights	to	be	offered	any	new	shares	in	the	Company	which	rank	equally	to	the	existing issued shares in the Company or other convertible securities.

The	proposed	Ordinary	Resolution	7,	if	passed,	will	exclude	your	pre-emptive	rights	to	be	offered	new	shares	and/or convertible securities to be issued by the Company pursuant to the said Ordinary Resolution.

## Explanatory	Notes	(cont'd):	-

## 6. Item	8	of	the	Agenda	-	Proposed	Renewal	of	Existing	Shareholders'	Mandate	for	Recurrent	Related	Party Transactions	of	a	Revenue	or	Trading	Nature

The	proposed	Ordinary	Resolution	8,	if	passed,	will	provide	a	renewed	mandate	for	the	Company	and/or	its	subsidiaries to	enter	into	the	recurrent	related	party	transactions	of	a	revenue	or	trading	nature	which	are	necessary	for	the	Group's day-to-day	operations,	subject	to	the	transactions	being	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	and	on	normal	commercial terms which are not more favourable to the related parties than those generally available to the public and are not to the	detriment	of	the	minority	shareholders	of	the	Company.	This	mandate	shall	lapse	at	the	conclusion	of	the	next	AGM unless authority for the renewal is obtained from the shareholders of the Company at a general meeting.

Please	refer	to	the	Circular/Statement	to	Shareholders	dated	28	April	2023	for	further	information.

## 7. Item	9	of	the	Agenda	-	Proposed	New	Shareholders'	Mandate	for	New	Recurrent	Related	Party	Transactions of	a	Revenue	or	Trading	Nature

The	proposed	Ordinary	Resolution	9,	if	passed,	will	provide	a	new	shareholders'	mandate	for	new	recurrent	related	party transactions.	The	new	shareholders'	mandate	will	enable	the	Group	to	enter	into	the	recurrent	related	party	transactions	of a	revenue	or	trading	nature	which	are	necessary	for	the	Group's	day-to-day	operations,	subject	to	the	transactions	being in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms which are not more favourable to the related parties than those generally available to the public and are not to the detriment of the minority shareholders of the Company. This mandate	shall	lapse	at	the	conclusion	of	the	next	AGM	unless	authority	for	the	renewal	is	obtained	from	the	shareholders of the Company at a general meeting.

Please	refer	to	the	Circular/Statement	to	Shareholders	dated	28	April	2023	for	further	information.

## 8. Item	10	of	the	Agenda	-	Proposed	Renewal	of	Share	Buy-Back	Authority

The	proposed	Ordinary	Resolution	10,	if	passed,	would	empower	the	Directors	of	the	Company	to	purchase	the	Company's ordinary shares of up to ten per centum (10%) of the total number of issued shares of the Company by utilising the funds allocated	which	shall	not	exceed	the	Company's	retained	profits	based	on	the	latest	audited	financial	statements	and/or the latest management accounts of the Company (where applicable) available at the time of the purchase(s).

Please	refer	to	the	Circular/Statement	to	Shareholders	dated	28	April	2023	for	further	information.

## Notes:	-

1. The AgM of the Company will be held as virtual meeting via live streaming and online remote voting using the Remote Participation	and	Voting	Facilities	(' rPV ')	provided	by	Tricor	Investor	&amp;	Issuing	House	Services	Sdn.	Bhd.	(' Tricor ') through its website at https://tiih.online . Please follow the procedures as set out in the Administrative guide which is available at the	Company's	website	www.t7global.com.my/19thAGM .
2. Members	and/or	proxy(ies)	and/or	corporate	representative(s)	and/or	attorneys	are	to	attend,	speak	(including	posing questions	to	the	Board	of	Directors	via	real	time	submission	of	typed	texts)	and	vote	(collectively,	' participate ') remotely at the AgM via the RPV facilities provided by Tricor at https://tiih.online .
3. In	respect	of	deposited	securities,	only	members	whose	names	appear	in	the	Record	of	Depositors	on	13	June	2023 (General	Meeting	Record	of	Depositors)	shall	be	eligible	to	attend	the	Meeting.

## NoTICe oF aNNUal GeNeral MeeTING

(CONT'D)

## NoTICe oF aNNUal GeNeral MeeTING

(CONT'D)

## Notes	(cont'd):	-

4. A	member	who	is	entitled	to	participate	and	vote	at	the	AGM	via	RPV	is	entitled	to	appoint	more	than	one	(1)	proxy	to participate	and	vote	in	his	stead.	Where	a	member	appoints	more	than	one	(1)	proxy,	the	appointments	shall	be	invalid unless	he	specifies	the	proportions	of	his	shareholdings	to	be	represented	by	each	proxy.
5. A	proxy	may	but	does	not	need	to	be	a	member	of	the	Company.	Notwithstanding	this,	a	member	entitled	to	participate and	vote	at	the	AGM	is	entitled	to	appoint	any	person	as	his	proxy	to	participate	and	vote	instead	of	the	member	at	the AGM.	There	shall	be	no	restriction	as	to	the	qualification	of	the	proxy.	A	proxy	appointed	to	participate	and	vote	at	the AgM shall have the same rights as the member to speak at the AgM.
6. In	the	case	of	a	corporate	member,	the	instrument	appointing	a	proxy	must	be	either	under	its	common	seal	or	under the	hand	of	an	officer	or	attorney	duly	authorised.
7. Where	a	member	of	the	Company	is	an	exempt	authorised	nominee	which	holds	ordinary	shares	in	the	Company	for multiple	beneficial	owners	in	one	securities	account	(' omnibus	account '),	there	is	no	limit	to	the	number	of	proxies which	the	exempt	authorised	nominee	may	appoint	in	respect	of	each	omnibus	account	it	holds.
8. A	member	who	has	appointed	a	proxy	or	attorney	or	authorised	representative	to	participate	and	vote	at	the	AGM	via RPV	must	request	his/her	proxy	or	attorney	or	authorised	representative	to	register	himself/herself	for	RPV	at	TIIH	Online website at https://tiih.online.	Please	follow	the	Procedures	for	RPV	in	the	Administrative	Details	for	the	AGM.
9. The	appointment	of	a	proxy	may	be	made	by	electronic	means	or	in	a	hard	copy	form	in	the	following	manner	and	must	be received by the Company not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the AgM or adjourned general meeting at which the person named in the appointment proposes to vote:
7. (i) By	electronic	form

The	form	of	proxy	can	be	electronically	lodged	with	the	Share	Registrar	of	the	Company	via	TIIH	Online	website	at https://tiih.online	(applicable	to	individual	members	only).	Kindly	refer	to	the	Administrative	Details	on	the	procedures for	electronic	lodgement	of	form	of	proxy	via	TIIH	Online.

- (ii) in hard copy form

In	the	case	of	an	appointment	made	in	hard	copy	form,	the	form	of	proxy	must	be	deposited	with	the	Share	Registrar of	the	Company	at	Tricor	Investor	&amp;	Issuing	House	Services	Sdn.	Bhd.,	Unit	32-01,	Level	32,	Tower	A,	Vertical Business	Suite,	Avenue	3,	Bangsar	South,	No.	8,	Jalan	Kerinchi,	59200	Kuala	Lumpur,	Wilayah	Persekutuan	or alternatively,	the	Customer	Services	Centre	at	Unit	G-3,	Ground	Floor,	Vertical	Podium,	Avenue	3,	Bangsar	South, No.	8,	Jalan	Kerinchi,	59200	Kuala	Lumpur,	Wilayah	Persekutuan.

10. Please	ensure	ALL	the	particulars	as	required	in	the	form	of	proxy	are	completed,	signed	and	dated	accordingly.
11. Last	date	and	time	for	lodging	the	form	of	proxy	is Monday,	19	June	2023	at	10:00	a.m.
12. Any authority pursuant to which such an appointment is made by a power of attorney must be deposited with the Share	Registrar	of	the	Company	at	Tricor	Investor	&amp;	Issuing	House	Services	Sdn.	Bhd.,	Unit	32-01,	Level	32,	Tower	A, Vertical	Business	Suite,	Avenue	3,	Bangsar	South,	No.	8,	Jalan	Kerinchi,	59200	Kuala	Lumpur,	Wilayah	Persekutuan	or alternatively,	the	Customer	Service	Centre	at	Unit	G-3,	Ground	Floor,	Vertical	Podium,	Avenue	3,	Bangsar	South,	No.	8, Jalan	Kerinchi,	59200	Kuala	Lumpur,	Wilayah	Persekutuan	not	less	than	forty-eight	(48)	hours	before	the	time	appointed for holding the AgM or adjourned general meeting at which the person named in the appointment proposes to vote. A	copy	of	the	power	of	attorney	may	be	accepted	provided	that	it	is	certified	notarially	and/or	in	accordance	with	the applicable	legal	requirements	in	the	relevant	jurisdiction	in	which	it	is	executed.

## Notes	(cont'd):	-

13. A	corporate	member	who	has	appointed	a	representative,	please	deposit	the orIGINal certificate	of	appointment	with the	Share	Registrar	of	the	Company	at	Tricor	Investor	&amp;	Issuing	House	Services	Sdn.	Bhd.,	Unit	32-01,	Level	32,	Tower A,	Vertical	Business	Suite,	Avenue	3,	Bangsar	South,	No.	8,	Jalan	Kerinchi,	59200	Kuala	Lumpur,	Wilayah	Persekutuan or	alternatively,	the	Customer	Service	Centre	at	Unit	G-3,	Ground	Floor,	Vertical	Podium,	Avenue	3,	Bangsar	South,	No. 8,	Jalan	Kerinchi,	59200	Kuala	Lumpur,	Wilayah	Persekutuan.	The	certificate	of	appointment	should	be	executed	in	the following manner:
2. (i) If	 the	corporate	member	has	a	common	seal,	the	certificate	of	appointment	should	be	executed	under	seal	in accordance with the constitution of the corporate member.
3. (ii) If	the	corporate	member	does	not	have	a	common	seal,	the	certificate	of	appointment	should	be	affixed	with	the rubber	stamp	of	the	corporate	member	(if	any)	and	executed	by:
4. (a) at	least	two	(2)	authorised	officers,	of	whom	one	shall	be	a	director;	or
5. (b) any	director	and/or	authorised	officers	in	accordance	with	the	laws	of	the	country	under	which	the	corporate member is incorporated.

## NoTICe oF aNNUal GeNeral MeeTING

(CONT'D)

## ADMINISTRATIVE DETAILS FOR THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

As	part	of	the	safety	measures,	the	Board	of	Directors	of	T7	Global	Berhad	(' T7	Global ' or the ' Company ') (' board ') has decided that the annual general meeting of the Company (' aGM ' or ' Meeting ') shall be conducted on a	virtual	basis	through live	streaming	whilst	the	online	remote	voting will be via Remote Participation and Voting (' rPV ') as set out below:-

| date  Time  Meeting	Platform  Wednesday,	21	June	2023  10:00 a.m.  TIIH	Online	website	at	https://tiih.online	(Domain	registration	number  with	MYNIC:	D1A282781)   |
|---|

Both	facilities	are	available	on	Tricor	Investor	&amp;	Issuing	House	Services	Sdn	Bhd's	(' Tricor ')	TIIH	Online	website	at	https://tiih. online. This is in line with the guidance Note on the Conduct of general Meetings for Listed issuers issued by the securities Commission	Malaysia	on	16	July	2021,	that	listed	issuers	are	encouraged	to	continue	leveraging	technology	in	conducting general meetings beyond Movement Control Order.

The venue of the AgM is strictly for the purpose of complying with section 327(2) of the Companies Act 2016 which requires the	Chairman	of	the	Meeting	to	be	at	the	main	venue.	No	shareholders/proxy(ies)	from	the	public	will	be	physically	present	at the main venue.

## reMoTe ParTICIPaTIoN aNd VoTING

Members	are	to	participate	(including	posing	questions	to	the	Board	via	real	time	submission	of	typed	texts)	and	vote	remotely at	the	AGM	using	RPV	provided	by	Tricor	via	its	TIIH	Online	website	at	https://tiih.online .

Members	who	appoint	proxies	to	participate	via	RPV	in	the	AGM	must	ensure	that	the	duly	executed	forms	of	proxy	are	deposited in	a	hard	copy	form	or	by	electronic	means	to	Tricor	no	later	than	Monday,	19	June	2023	at	10:00	a.m.

A	member	who	has	appointed	a	proxy	or	representative	to	participate	at	this	AGM	via	RPV	must	request	his/	her	proxy	to register	himself/herself	for	RPV	at	TIIH	Online	website	at	https://tiih.online .

As	the	AGM	is	a	Virtual	Meeting,	members	who	are	unable	to	participate	in	the	Meeting	may	appoint	the	Chairman	of	the Meeting	as	his/her	proxy	and	indicate	the	voting	instructions	in	the	proxy	form.

## adMINISTraTIVe deTaIlS For The aNNUal GeNeral MeeTING

(CONT'D)

## ProCedUreS To reMoTe ParTICIPaTIoN aNd VoTING VIa rPV FaCIlITIeS

Please read and follow the procedures below to engage in remote participation through live streaming and online remote voting at the AgM using the RPV facilities:

| Procedures  action  beFore The aGM  1.  Register as a user  with	TIIH	Online  •  Using	your	computer,	access	the	website	at	https://tiih.online  . Register as a user  under	the	'e-Services',	 select	 the	 'Sign	 Up'	 button	 and	 followed	 by	 '  Create  Account	by	Individual	Holder  '.  Refer  to  the  tutorial  guide  posted  on  the  homepage for assistance.  •  Registration	as	a	user	will	be	approved	within	one	(1)	working	day	and	you	will	be  notified	via	e-mail.  •  If	you	are	already	a	user	with	TIIH	Online,	you	are	not	required	to	register	again.  You	will	receive	an	e-mail	to	notify	you	that	the	remote	participation	is	available	for  registration	at	TIIH	Online.  2.  submit your request  to attend AgM  remotely  •  Registration	is	open	from	28	April	2023	until	the	day	of	the	AGM	on	Wednesday,  21	 June	 2023.	 Shareholder(s)	 or	 proxy(ies)	 or	 corporate	 representative(s)	 or  attorney(s) are required to pre-register their attendance for the AgM to ascertain  their eligibility to participate the AgM using the RPV.  •  Login	with	your	user	ID	and	password	and	select	the	corporate	event:	(Registration)  T7 Global berhad 19 th  aGM  .  •  Read	and	agree	to	the	Terms	&amp;	Conditions	and	confirm	the	Declaration.  •  Select	'Register	for	Remote	Participation	and	Voting'  •  Review	your	registration	and	proceed	to	register.  •  System	will	send	an  e-mail	to	notify  that your registration for remote participation  is	received	and	will	be	verified.  •  After	verification	of	your	registration	against	the	Record	of	Depositors	as	at	13	June  2023,	the	system	will	send	you	an  e-mail	on	or	after	19	June	2023	to	approve  or reject  your registration for remote participation.  (Note: Please allow sufficient time for approval of new user of TIIH Online and registration  for the RPV).   |
|---|

## adMINISTraTIVe deTaIlS For The aNNUal GeNeral MeeTING

(CONT'D)

## ProCedUreS To reMoTe ParTICIPaTIoN aNd VoTING VIa rPV FaCIlITIeS (CoNT'd)

| Procedures  action  oN The daY oF The aGM  3.  Login	to	TIIH	Online  Login	with	your	user	ID	and	password	for	remote	participation	at	the	AGM	at	any	time  from	9:00	a.m.	i.e.	1	hour	before	the	commencement	of	the	AGM	on	Wednesday,  21	June	2023	at	10:00	a.m.  4.  Participate through  Live streaming  •  Select	the	corporate	event:	'  (lIVe STreaM MeeTING) T7 Global berhad  19 th  aGM  ' to engage in the proceedings of the AgM remotely.  •  If	you	have	any	question	for	the	Chairman/Board,	you	may	use	the	query	box	to  transmit	your	question.	The	Chairman/Board	will	endeavor	to	respond	to	questions  submitted	by	remote	participants	during	the	AGM.	If	there	is	time	constraint,	the  responses	will	be	e-mailed	to	you	at	the	earliest	possible,	after	the	meeting.  5.  Online Remote  Voting  •  Voting	session	commences	from	10:00	a.m.	on	21	June	2023	until	a	time	when  the Chairman announces the completion of the voting session of the AgM.  •  Select	the	corporate	event:	'  (reMoTe VoTING) T7 Global berhad 19 th  aGM  '.  •  Read	and	agree	to	the	Terms	&amp;	Conditions	and	confirm	the	Declaration.  •  Select	the	CDS	account	that	represents	your	shareholdings.  •  Indicate	your	votes	for	the	resolutions	that	are	tabled	for	voting.  •  Confirm	and	submit	your	votes.  6.  End of remote  participation  Upon	the	announcement	by	the	Chairman	on	the	closure	of	the	AGM,	the	live	session  will end.   |
|---|

## Note	to	users	of	the	RPV:

- We	will	make	available	to	you	the	rights	to	join	the	live	streamed	meeting	and	to	vote	remotely	once	your	application	to join	the	meeting	is	approved.	Your	login	to	TIIH	Online	on	the	day	of	meeting	will	indicate	your	presence	at	the	virtual meeting.
- The	quality	of	your	connection	to	the	live	broadcast	is	dependent	on	the	bandwidth	and	stability	of	the	internet	at	your location and the device you use.
- In	the	event	you	encounter	any	issues	with	logging-in,	connection	to	the	live	streamed	meeting	or	online	voting,	kindly call	Tricor	Help	Line	at	011-40805616	/	011-40803168	/	011-40803169	/	011-40803170	for	assistance	or	e-mail	to tiih.online@my.tricorglobal.com for assistance.

## No door GIFT/Food VoUCher

There will be no distribution of door gifts or food vouchers for the AgM since the meeting is being conducted on a virtual basis.

We	would	like	to	thank	our	members	for	your	kind	co-operation	and	understanding	in	these	challenging	times.

## reCord oF dePoSITorS

The	date	of	Record	of	Depositors	for	the	AGM	is	13	June	2023.	As	such,	only	members	whose	name	appears	in	the	Record of	Depositors	of	T7	Global	as	at	13	June	2023	shall	be	entitled	to	participate	in	the	AGM.

## Poll VoTING

- The	Voting	at	the	AGM	will	be	conducted	by	poll	in	accordance	with	Paragraph	8.29A	of	Bursa	Malaysia	Securities Berhad's	Main	Market	Listing	Requirements.	The	Company	has	appointed	Tricor	as	Poll	Administrator	to	conduct	the poll	by	way	of	electronic	voting	and	Scrutineer	Solutions	Sdn	Bhd	as	Scrutineers	to	verify	the	poll	results.
- Shareholders	can	proceed	to	vote	on	the	resolutions	at	any	time	from	the	commencement	of	the	AGM	at	10:00	a.m.	but before the end of the voting session which will be announced by the Chairman of the Meeting. Kindly refer to item(s) of the	above	procedures	for	RPV	for	guidance	on	how	to	vote	remotely	from	TIIH	Online	website	at	https://tiih.online .
- Upon	completion	of	the	voting	session	for	the	AGM,	the	Scrutineers	will	verify	and	announce	the	poll	results	followed	by the	Chairman's	declaration	whether	the	resolutions	are	duly	passed.

## eNTITleMeNT To ParTICIPaTe aNd aPPoINTMeNT oF ProxY

- Only	members	whose	names	appear	on	the	Record	of	Depositors	as	at	13	June	2023	shall	be	eligible	to	participate	at the	AGM	or	appoint	a	proxy(ies)	and/or	the	Chairman	of	the	Meeting	to	attend	and	vote	on	his/her	behalf.
- In	view	that	the	AGM	will	be	conducted	on	a	virtual	basis,	a	member	can	appoint	the	Chairman	of	the	Meeting	as	his/ her	proxy	and	indicate	the	voting	instruction	in	the	Form	of	Proxy.
- If	you	wish	to	participate	in	the	AGM	yourself,	please	do	not	submit	any	Form	of	Proxy	for	the	AGM.	You	will	not	be allowed	to	participate	in	the	AGM	together	with	a	proxy	appointed	by	you.
- Accordingly,	proxy	forms	and/or	documents	relating	to	the	appointment	of	proxy/corporate	representative/attorney	for the AgM whether in hard copy or by electronic means shall be deposited or submitted in the following manner not later than Monday,	19	June	2023	at	10.00	a.m. :
- (i) In	Hard	copy:

By	hand	or	post	to	the	office	of	the	Share	Registrar,	Tricor	Investor	&amp;	Issuing	House	Services	Sdn.	Bhd.	at	Unit 32-01,	Level	32,	Tower	A,	Vertical	Business	Suite,	Avenue	3,	Bangsar	South,	No.	8,	Jalan	Kerinchi,	59200	Kuala Lumpur	or	its	Customer	Service	Centre	at	Unit	G-3,	Ground	Floor,	Vertical	Podium,	Avenue	3,	Bangsar	South,	No. 8,	Jalan	Kerinchi,	59200	Kuala	Lumpur;

## adMINISTraTIVe deTaIlS For The aNNUal GeNeral MeeTING

(CONT'D)

## adMINISTraTIVe deTaIlS For The aNNUal GeNeral MeeTING

(CONT'D)

## eNTITleMeNT To ParTICIPaTe aNd aPPoINTMeNT oF ProxY (CoNT'd)

- (cont'd)
- (ii) By	Electronic	form:

All	shareholders	can	have	the	option	to	submit	proxy	forms	electronically	via	TIIH	Online	and	the	steps	to	submit are summarised below:

| Procedure  action  i.  Steps	for	Individual	Shareholders  Register as a User  with	TIIH	Online  •  Using	your	computer,	please	access	the	website	at	https://tiih.online  .  Register as a user under the 'e-services'. Please refer to the tutorial guide  posted on the homepage for assistance.  •  If	you	are	already	a	user	with	TIIH	Online,	you	are	not	required	to	register  again.  Proceed with  submission  of	form	of	proxy  •  After	the	release	of	the	Notice	of	Meeting	by	the	Company,	login	with	your  user name (i.e. email address) and password.  •  Select	the	corporate	event:  T7 Global berhad 19 th  AGM	-	'Submission  of	Proxy	Form  '.  •  Read	and	agree	to	the	Terms	and	Conditions	and	confirm	the	Declaration.  •  Insert	your	CDS	account	number	and	indicate	the	number	of	shares	for  your	proxy(s)	to	vote	on	your	behalf.  •  Indicate	your	voting	instructions	-	FOR	or	AGAINST,	otherwise	your	proxy  will decide on your votes.  •  Review	and	confirm	your	proxy(s)	appointment.  •  Print	the	form	of	proxy	for	your	record.  ii.  Steps	for	corporate	or	institutional	shareholders  Register as a User  with	TIIH	Online  •  Access	TIIH	Online	at	https://tiih.online  •  Under	e-Services,	 the	 authorised	 or	 nominated	 representative	 of	 the  corporate or institutional  shareholder  selects  the  'sign  Up'  button  and  followed by '  Create	Account	by	Representative	of	Corporate	Holder  '.  •  Complete	the	registration	form	and	upload	the	required	documents.  •  Registration	will	be	verified,	and	you	will	be	notified	by	email	within	one	(1)  to two (2) working days.  •  Proceed	to	activate	your	account	with	the	temporary	password	given	in	the  email and re-set your own password.  Note: The representative of a corporate or institutional shareholder must register  as a user in accordance with the above steps before he/she can subscribe to this  corporate holder electronic proxy submission.  Please contact our Share Registrar  if you need clarifications on the user registration.  Proceed with  submission  of	form	of	proxy  •  Login	to	TIIH	Online	at	https://tiih.online  •  Select	the	corporate	exercise	name:	'  T7 Global berhad 19 th  aGM:  Submission	of	Proxy	Form  '  •  Agree	to	the	Terms	&amp;	Conditions	and	Declaration.  •  Proceed	to	download	the	file	format	for	'Submission	of	Proxy	Form'	in  accordance with the guidance Note set therein.  •  Prepare	the	file	for	the	appointment	of	proxies	by	inserting	the	required	data.  •  Submit	the	proxy	appointment	file.  •  Login	 to	 TIIH	 Online,	 select	 corporate	 exercise	 name:	 '  T7 Global  berhad 19 th  AGM:	Submission	of	Proxy	Form  '.  •  Proceed	to	upload	the	duly	completed	proxy	appointment	file.  •  Select	'Submit'	to	complete	your	submission.  •  Print	the	confirmation	report	of	your	submission	for	your	record.   |
|---|

## adMINISTraTIVe deTaIlS For The aNNUal GeNeral MeeTING

(CONT'D)

## PRE-MEETING	SUBMISSION	OF	QUESTIONS	TO	THE	BOARD	OF	DIRECTORS

In	order	to	enhance	the	efficiency	of	the	proceedings	of	the	AGM,	shareholders	may	in	advance,	before	the	AGM,	submit questions	to	the	Board	of	Directors	via	Tricor's	TIIH	Online	website	at	https://tiih.online,	by	selecting	'e-Services'	to	login,	post your	questions	and	submit	it	electronically	no	later	than	21	June	2023.	The	Board	of	Directors	will	endeavour	to	address	the questions received at the AgM.

## reCordING or PhoToGraPhY

strictly No unauthorised recording or photography of the proceedings of the AgM is allowed.

## aNNUal rePorT

- The	Annual	Report	is	available	on	the	Company's	website	at	www.t7global.com.my/19thAGM	and	Bursa	Malaysia's website at www.bursamalaysia.com under	Company's	announcements.
- You	may	request	for	a	printed	copy	of	the	Annual	Report	at	https://tiih.online by selecting 'Request for Annual Report' under the 'investor services'.
- Kindly	consider	the	environment	before	you	decide	to	request	for	the	printed	copy	of	the	Annual	Report.	The	environmental concerns	like	global	warming,	deforestation,	climate	change	and	many	more	affects	every	human,	animal	and	nation	on this planet.

T7	Global	Berhad	would	like	to	thank	all	its	shareholders	for	their	kind	co-operation	and	understanding	in	these	challenging	times.

## eNQUIrY

If	you	have	any	enquiries	on	the	above,	please	contact	our	Share	Registrar	during	office	hours	on	Mondays	to	Fridays	from 8.30	a.m.	to	5.30	p.m.	(except	on	public	holidays):

## Tricor	Investor	&amp;	Issuing	House	Services	Sdn.	Bhd.

general Line :

+603-2783 9299

Fax	Number :

+603-2783	9222

Email :

is.enquiry@my.tricorglobal.com

## ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

AS AT 30 MARCH 2023

Total	number	of	issued	shares	(inclusive	of	treasury	shares)

:	757,054,856

Class of shares

: Ordinary share

Voting rights

: One vote per ordinary share

Treasury	Shares	held	as	at	30	March	2023

:	17,348,800

## dISTrIbUTIoN oF ShareholdINGS

| No.	of  %	of  No.	of  %	of  Size	of	Shareholdings  Shareholders  Shareholders  Shares  Shareholdings  1	to	99  265  4.670  4,679  0.000  100	to	1,000  756  13.322  404,923  0.055  1,001	to	10,000  2,523  44.458  14,770,494  1.997  10,001	to	100,000  1,721  30.326  59,878,886  8.095  100,001	to	36,985,301	(*)  408  7.189  536,209,224  72.490  36,985,302	and	above	(**)  2  0.035  128,437,850  17.363  Total  5,675  100.000  739,706,056  100.000   |
|---|

Remarks:	 *	-	Less	than	5%	of	issued	shares

**	-	5%	and	above	of	issued	shares

## DIRECTORS'	SHAREHOLDINGS	AS	AT	30	MARCH	2023

(as	per	Register	of	Directors'	Shareholdings)

The	respective	shareholdings	of	the	Directors	of	T7	Global	Berhad	based	on	the	Register	of	Directors'	Shareholdings	are	as follows:

| No.	of	Ordinary	Shares	held  No.  Name  direct  %  Indirect  %  1.  Tan	Sri	Datuk	Seri	Tan	Kean	Soon,	J.	P .  83,066,250  11.230  63,908,500  (a)  8.640  2.  Tan	Kay	Vin  13,770,300  1.862  -  -  3.  Datuk	Seri	Dr.	Nik	Norzrul	Thani	Bin  Nik	Hassan	Thani  1,000,000  0.135  55,140,600  (b)  7.454  4.  Tan	Sam	Eng  600,000  0.081  300,000  0.041  5.  Tan	Sri	Dato'	Sri	Koh	Kin	Lip,	JP  17,244,524  2.331  -  -  6.  Admiral	Tan	Sri	Dato'	Seri	Panglima  Ahmad	Kamazulzaman	Bin	Hj  Ahmad	Badaruddin	(R)  1,305,500  0.176  -  -  7.  CP	(R)	Dato'	Sri	Wan	Ahmad	Najmuddin  Bin	Mohd  2,772,000  0.375  -  -  8.  Datuk	Rahim	Bin	Ismail  -  -  -  -   |
|---|

Remarks:-

(a) Deemed interest by virtue of his spouse and sons' shareholdings in the Company pursuant to Section 59(11)(c) of the Companies Act 2016.

(b) Deemed interest by virtue of his interest in Abyssina Resources (M) Sdn. Bhd. pursuant to Section 8 of the Companies Act 2016.

## aNalYSIS oF ShareholdINGS

(CONT'D)

## SHAREHOLDING	OF	CHIEF	EXECUTIVE	WHO	IS	NOT	A	DIRECTOR	OF	THE	COMPANY	AS	AT	30	MARCH 2023

The	shareholding	of	the	Group	Chief	Executive	Officer	of	T7	Global	Berhad	is	as	follows:

| No.	of	Ordinary	Shares	held  No.  Name  direct  %  Indirect  %  1.  Tan	Kay	Zhuin  13,781,000  1.863  -  -   |
|---|

## SUBSTANTIAL	SHAREHOLDERS'	SHAREHOLDINGS	AS	AT	30	MARCH	2023 (as	per	Register	of	Substantial	Shareholders)

The	list	of	substantial	shareholders	of	T7	Global	Berhad	and	its	shareholdings	based	on	the	Register	of	Substantial	Shareholders of the Company are as follows:

| No.	of	Ordinary	Shares	held  No.  Name  direct  %  Indirect  %  1.  Tan	Sri	Datuk	Seri	Tan	Kean	Soon,	J.	P .  83,066,250  11.230  *	63,908,500  8.640  2.  Puan	Sri	Shirley	Law	Siong	Hiong  37,773,800  5.107  -  -  3.  Datuk	Seri	Dr.	Nik	Norzrul	Thani	Bin  N.	Hassan	Thani  1,000,000  0.135  **55,140,600  7.454  4.  Abyssina	Resources	(M)	Sdn.	Bhd.  55,140,600  7.454  -  -   |
|---|

Remarks:-

* Deemed interest by virtue of his spouse and sons' shareholdings in the Company pursuant to Section 59(11)(c) of the Companies Act 2016.

** Deemed interest by virtue of his interest in Abyssina Resources (M) Sdn. Bhd. pursuant to Section 8 of the Companies Act 2016.

## ThIrTY larGeST ShareholderS

| No.  Name  No.	of	Shares  %	of	Issued  Share	Capital  1  MAYBANK	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT  FOR	TAN	SRI	DATUK	SERI	TAN	KEAN	SOON,	J.	P.  73,297,250  9.909  2  ABYSSINA	RESOURCES	(M)	SDN.	BHD.  55,140,600  7.454  3  ANUGERAH	BAKTI	SDN.	BHD.  32,680,600  4.418  4  PTS	OFFSHORE	&amp;	MARINE	SDN.	BHD.  30,420,000  4.112  5  MAYBANK	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT  FOR	PUAN	SRI	SHIRLEY	LAW	SIONG	HIONG  30,063,400  4.064  6  CIMB	GROUP	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  CIMB	COMMERCE	TRUSTEE	BERHAD	-	KENANGA	GROWTH	FUND  29,061,700  3.928  7  HSBC	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  HSBC	(M)	TRUSTEE	BHD	FOR	ALLIANZ	LIFE	INSURANCE  MALAYSIA	BERHAD	(MEF)  15,690,000  2.121   |
|---|

## aNalYSIS oF ShareholdINGS

(CONT'D)

## ThIrTY larGeST ShareholderS (CoNT'd)

| No.  Name  No.	of	Shares  %	of	Issued  Share	Capital  8  RHB	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT  FOR	TAN	SRI	DATO'	SRI	KOH	KIN	LIP,	J.	P.  15,244,524  2.061  9  MAYBANK	SECURITIES	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	TAN	KAY	ZHUIN  13,508,000  1.826  10  MAYBANK	SECURITIES	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	TAN	KAY	SHEN  11,952,700  1.616  11  MAYBANK	SECURITIES	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	TAN	KAY	VIN  11,471,300  1.551  12  CGS-CIMB	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	TAN	KIM	HEUNG	(MY1989)  10,000,000  1.352  13  MAYBANK	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  MAYBANK	TRUSTEES	BERHAD  FOR	KENANGA	SYARIAHEXTRA	FUND	(N14011960240)  9,824,000  1.328  14  TAN	SRI	DATUK	SERI	TAN	KEAN	SOON,	J.	P.  9,769,000  1.321  15  CARTABAN	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  CN	CIMB	COMMERCE	TRUSTEE	BERHAD  FOR	KENANGA	GROWTH	FUND	SERIES	2  8,870,000  1.199  16  LiM sOON gUAN  8,800,000  1.190  17  HSBC	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  HSBC	(M)	TRUSTEE	BHD  FOR	ALLIANZ	LIFE	INSURANCE	MALAYSIA	BERHAD	(DGF)  8,350,000  1.129  18  CIMSEC	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  CIMB	FOR	KOON	POH	TAT	(PB)  8,223,500  1.112  19  MEGAXUS	RESOURCES	SDN.	BHD.  8,033,311  1.086  20  ALLIANCEGROUP	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT  FOR	LAW	SIONG	HIONG	(7003130)  7,710,400  1.042  21  CIMB	GROUP	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  CIMB	COMMERCE	TRUSTEE	BERHAD  FOR	KENANGA	GROWTH	OPPORTUNITIES	FUND	(50154	TR01)  7,595,500  1.027  22  MAYBANK	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	MARINE	ENERGY	SDN	BHD  7,112,900  0.962  23  MIDF	AMANAH	INVESTMENT	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT  FOR	EPTA	RESOURCES	SDN.	BHD.	(MGN-ERS0001M)  6,938,800  0.938  24  HSBC	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  HSBC	(M)	TRUSTEE	BHD	FOR  ALLIANZ	LIFE	INSURANCE	MALAYSIA	BERHAD	(MDF)  6,441,500  0.871  25  ALLIANCEGROUP	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	YEE	WEI	MENG	(7002982)  5,998,700  0.811  26  A	EASY	INTELLIGENCE	(M)	SDN.	BHD.  5,000,000  0.676   |
|---|

## ThIrTY larGeST ShareholderS (CoNT'd)

| No.  Name  No.	of	Shares  %	of	Issued  Share	Capital  27  MAYBANK	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR  EPTA	RESOURCES	SDN.	BHD.  4,936,700  0.667  28  HSBC	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  HSBC	(M)	TRUSTEE	BHD	FOR  ALLIANZ	LIFE	INSURANCE	MALAYSIA	BERHAD	(MDE)  4,800,000  0.649  29  CIMSEC	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  CIMB	FOR	LAI	MING	CHUN	@	LAI	POH	LIN	(PB)  4,000,000  0.541  30  ER	SOON	PUAY  3,985,700  0.539  ToTal  454,920,085  61.500   |
|---|

Remark:-

The analysis of shareholdings is based on the total number of issued shares of the Company as at 30 March 2023 after deducting 17,348,800 ordinary shares bought back by the Company and held as Treasury Shares at 30 March 2023.

## aNalYSIS oF ShareholdINGS

(CONT'D)

## ANALYSIS OF WARRANT HOLDINGS FOR WARRANT C

AS AT 30 MARCH 2023

Total	number	of	Warrants	C	Issued

:	147,941,180

## dISTrIbUTIoN oF WarraNT holdINGS

| No.	of  No.	of  Warrants C  Warrants C  Size	of	Warrant	Holdings  Holders  %  Holders  %  1	to	99  551  12.217  14,239  0.010  100	to	1,000  1,583  35.100  895,677  0.605  1,001	to	10,000  1,877  41.619  6,908,767  4.670  10,001	to	100,000  399  8.847  12,316,304  8.325  100,001	to	7,397,058	(*)  99  2.195  113,146,743  76.481  7,397,059	and	above	(**)  1  0.022  14,659,450  9.909  Total  4,510  100.000  147,941,180  100.000   |
|---|

Remark:

*	Less	than	5%	of	issued	Warrants	C

**	5%	and	above	of	issued	Warrants	C

## DIRECTORS'	WARRANT	C	HOLDINGS	AS	AT	30	MARCH	2023

(as	per	Register	of	Directors'	Warrant	Holdings)

The	respective	Warrant	C	holdings	of	the	Directors	of	T7	Global	Berhad	based	on	the	Register	of	Directors'	Warrant	Holdings are as follows:

| No.	of	Warrants	C	held  No.  Name  direct  %  Indirect  %  1.  Tan	Sri	Datuk	Seri	Tan	Kean	Soon,	J.	P .  15,051,450  10.174  12,671,620  (a)  8.565  2.  Tan	Kay	Vin  2,754,060  1.862  -  -  3.  Datuk	Seri	Dr.	Nik	Norzrul	Thani	Bin  Nik	Hassan	Thani  200,000  0.135  4,354,120  (b)  2.943  4.  Tan	Sam	Eng  80,000  0.054  3,400,600  2.299  5.  Tan	Sri	Dato'	Sri	Koh	Kin	Lip,	JP  3,448,904  2.331  -  -  6.  Admiral	Tan	Sri	Dato'	Seri	Panglima  Ahmad	Kamazulzaman	Bin	Hj  Ahmad	Badaruddin	(R)  261,100  0.176  -  -  7.  CP	(R)	Dato'	Sri	Wan	Ahmad	Najmuddin  Bin	Mohd  554,400  0.375  -  -  8.  Datuk	Rahim	Bin	Ismail  -  -  -  -   |
|---|

Remarks:-

(a) Deemed interest by virtue of his spouse and sons' warrant holdings in the Company pursuant to Section 59(11)(c) of the Companies Act 2016.

(b) Deemed interest by virtue of his interest in Abyssina Resources (M) Sdn. Bhd. pursuant to Section 8 of the Companies Act 2016.

## aNalYSIS oF WarraNT holdINGS For WarraNT C

(CONT'D)

## WARRANT	C	HOLDING	OF	CHIEF	EXECUTIVE	WHO	IS	NOT	A	DIRECTOR	OF	THE	COMPANY	AS	AT	30 MARCH	2023

The	Warrant	C	holding	of	the	Group	Chief	Executive	Officer	of	T7	Global	Berhad	is	as	follows:

| No.	of	Warrants	C	held  No.  Name  direct  %  Indirect  %  1.  Tan	Kay	Zhuin  2,756,200  1.863  -  -   |
|---|

## ThIrTY larGeST WarraNT C holderS

| No.  Name  No.	of	Shares  %	of	Issued  Share	Capital  1  MAYBANK	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR  TAN	SRI	DATUK	SERI	TAN	KEAN	SOON,	J.	P.  14,659,450  9.909  2  NUSA	NUSANTARA	SDN.	BHD.  6,512,740  4.402  3  ANUGERAH	BAKTI	SDN.	BHD.  6,103,320  4.126  4  PTS	OFFSHORE	&amp;	MARINE	SDN.	BHD.  6,084,000  4.112  5  MAYBANK	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT  FOR	PUAN	SRI	SHIRLEY	LAW	SIONG	HIONG  6,012,680  4.064  6  KVC	VALVE	(M)	SDN.	BHD.  5,780,640  3.907  7  MAYBANK	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT  FOR	EPTA	RESOURCES	SDN.	BHD.  5,371,340  3.631  8  ZVS	RESOURCES	SDN.	BHD.  5,023,820  3.395  9  ABYSSINA	RESOURCES	(M)	SDN.	BHD.  4,354,120  2.943  10  LiM sOON gUAN  4,298,100  2.905  11  CGS-CIMB	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT  FOR	ANG	ENG	CHUAN	(MM1124)  3,400,600  2.299  12  MEGAXUS	RESOURCES	SDN.	BHD.  3,081,122  2.083  13  RHB	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR  TAN	SRI	DATO'	SRI	KOH	KIN	LIP,	J.	P.  3,048,904  2.061  14  MAYBANK	SECURITIES	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	TAN	KAY	ZHUIN  2,701,600  1.826  15  HSBC	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  HSBC	(M)	TRUSTEE	BHD  FOR	ALLIANZ	LIFE	INSURANCE	MALAYSIA	BERHAD	(MEF)  2,578,000  1.743  16  LIM	BEE	SAN  2,534,000  1.713  17  LAi LEE TECK  2,533,000  1.712  18  MAYBANK	SECURITIES	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT  FOR	A	EASY	INTELLIGENCE	(M)	SDN.	BHD.  2,436,600  1.647   |
|---|

## aNalYSIS oF WarraNT holdINGS For WarraNT C

(CONT'D)

## ThIrTY larGeST WarraNT C holderS (CoNT'd)

| No.  Name  No.	of	Shares  %	of	Issued  Share	Capital  19  MAYBANK	SECURITIES	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	TAN	KAY	SHEN  2,390,540  1.616  20  MAYBANK	SECURITIES	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	TAN	KAY	VIN  2,294,260  1.551  21  CGS-CIMB	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	TAN	KIM	HEUNG	(MY1989)  2,000,000  1.352  22  CIMSEC	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  CIMB	FOR	KOON	POH	TAT	(PB)  2,000,000  1.352  23  HSBC	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  HSBC	(M)	TRUSTEE	BHD	FOR  ALLIANZ	LIFE	INSURANCE	MALAYSIA	BERHAD	(DGF)  1,670,000  1.129  24  ALLIANCEGROUP	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT  FOR	PUAN	SRI	SHIRLEY	LAW	SIONG	HIONG	(7003130)  1,460,000  0.987  25  HSBC	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  HSBC	(M)	TRUSTEE	BHD  FOR	ALLIANZ	LIFE	INSURANCE	MALAYSIA	BERHAD	(MDF)  1,288,300  0.871  26  ER	SOON	PUAY  1,197,260  0.809  27  MAYBANK	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  PLEDGED	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT	FOR	MARINE	ENERGY	SDN	BHD  1,022,580  0.691  28  TAN	TOW	HOO  1,010,000  0.683  29  HSBC	NOMINEES	(TEMPATAN)	SDN.	BHD.  HSBC	(M)	TRUSTEE	BHD  FOR	ALLIANZ	LIFE	INSURANCE	MALAYSIA	BERHAD	(MDE)  960,000  0.649  30  SOH	SWEE	SEE  946,000  0.639  ToTal  104,752,976  70.807   |
|---|

## LIST OF PROPERTIES

| Title Identification/  Postal address  Description	and  existing Use/  Ownership  Date	of  acquisition/  Date	of  revaluation  Approximate	Age  of	Building/Tenure/  Date	of	Expire  of	Lease  land area/  (Built-Up	Area)  sq.ft.  Net book Value  as	at	31  December	2022  (rM)  gRN 38601 Lot No. 25929 Mukim  of	Setapak,	District	and	State	of  Wilayah	Persekutuan/No.	8-3,  Jalan	Puncak	Setiawangsa	4,  54200 Kuala Lumpur  3-storey	shop	offices  20	June  2012/  31	December  2020  Age	of	Building:	18	Years  Tenure:	Freehold  1,765/  (4,634)  2,500,000  gRN 38600 Lot No. 25930 Mukim  of	Setapak,	District	and	State	of  Wilayah	Persekutuan/No.	10,  Jalan	Puncak	Setiawangsa	4,  54200 Kuala Lumpur  3-storey shop  26	June  2002  Age	of	Building:	18	Years  Tenure:	Freehold  1,765/  (4,634)  2,500,000  gRN 38599 Lot No. 25931 Mukim  of	Setapak,	District	and	State	of  Wilayah	Persekutuan/No.	12,  Jalan	Puncak	Setiawangsa	4,  54200 Kuala Lumpur  3-storey shop  11 April  2007/  31	December  2020  Age	of	Building:	18	Years  Tenure:	Freehold  1,765/  (4,634)  2,500,000  gRN 38598 Lot No. 25932 Mukim  of	Setapak,	District	and	State	of  Wilayah	Persekutuan/No.	14,  Jalan	Puncak	Setiawangsa	4,  54200 Kuala Lumpur  3-storey shop  24 May  2007  Age	of	Building:	18	Years  Tenure:	Freehold  1,765/  (4,634)  2,500,000  Lot	5205-A,	Kawasan	Perindustrian  Balakong	Jaya	2,	43300	Balakong,  Selangor	Darul	Ehsan,	Malaysia  One unit of single  storey detached  factory	annexed  with	3-storey	office/  showroom  8 October  2016/  31	December  2021  Age	of	Building:	5	Year  Tenure:	Freehold  45,940/  (32,738)  13,500,000  H.S.	(D)	97483,	PT29669,	Mukim  Sungai	Buloh,	Daerah	Petaling,  Selangor	Darul	Ehsan  Double	storey  terrace house  at Tropicana golf  &amp; Country Resort  1	June  2018/  31	December  2021  Tenure : 99 years  Leasehold	Expiring	:  25/10/2090  1,765/  (2,752)  1,400,000  Lot	29138	(Plot	8),	Seksyen	20,  48200	Bandar	Serendah,  Daerah	Hulu	Selangor,	Selangor  Land lot  3 November  2017/  31	December  2021  Tenure : 99 years  Leasehold	Expiring	:  05/06/2094  87,110  3,600,000  Lot	29138	(Plot	8),	Seksyen	20,  48200	Bandar	Serendah,  Daerah	Hulu	Selangor,	Selangor  single storey factory  and double storey  office  1	January  2019/  31	December  2021  Tenure : 99 years  Leasehold	Expiring	:  05/06/2094  25,833  15,400,000  C-L7-5,	7th	Floor,	GRN	75607,  Lot	919,	Seksyen	88A  (formerly	known	as	H.S.	(D)	116558,  P.T.	No.	246	Seksyen	88A),  Bandar	Kuala	Lumpur,  District	of	Kuala	Lumpur,  Wilayah	Persekutuan  An	office	unit  21	February  2020/  31	December  2021  Age	of	Building	:	11	years  Tenure	:	Freehold  1,184  1,776,000   |
|---|

## lIST oF ProPerTIeS

(CONT'D)

| Title Identification/  Postal address  Description	and  existing Use/  Ownership  Date	of  acquisition/  Date	of  revaluation  Approximate	Age  of	Building/Tenure/  Date	of	Expire  of	Lease  land area/  (Built-Up	Area)  sq.ft.  Net book Value  as	at	31  December	2022  (rM)  C-L7-6,	7th	Floor,	GRN	75607,  Lot	919,	Seksyen	88A  (formerly	known	as	H.S.	(D)	116558,  P.T.	No.	246	Seksyen	88A),  Bandar	Kuala	Lumpur,  District	of	Kuala	Lumpur,  Wilayah	Persekutuan  An	office	unit  21	February  2020/  31	December  2021  Age	of	Building	:	11	years  Tenure	:	Freehold  1,120  1,680,000  C-L7-7,	7th	Floor,	GRN	75607,  Lot	919,	Seksyen	88A  (formerly	known	as	H.S.	(D)	116558,  P.T.	No.	246	Seksyen	88A),  Bandar	Kuala	Lumpur,  District	of	Kuala	Lumpur,  Wilayah	Persekutuan  An	office	unit  21	February  2020/  31	December  2021  Age	of	Building	:	11	years  Tenure	:	Freehold  1,120  1,680,000  C-L7-8,	7th	Floor,	GRN	75607,  Lot	919,	Seksyen	88A  (formerly	known	as	H.S.	(D)	116558,  P.T.	No.	246	Seksyen	88A),  Bandar	Kuala	Lumpur,  District	of	Kuala	Lumpur,  Wilayah	Persekutuan  An	office	unit  21	February  2020/  31	December  2021  Age	of	Building	:	11	years  Tenure	:	Freehold  2,583  3,874,500  No.	H.S.(D)	108189,	P .T.	No.	8896  (A-15)	Bandar	Ampang,	Ulu	Langat,  selangor  3-Storey	Shop	offices  1	December  2012/  31	December  2020  Tenure : 99 years  Leasehold	Expiring	:  27/06/2104  1,540  2,200,000  PN	12753,	Lot	No.	60665,	Mukim	of  Teluk	Kalung,	District	of	Kemaman,  Terengganu	Darul	Iman	/	H.S.	(D)  7333,	PT	9290	Mukim	Teluk	Kalung,  District	of	Kemaman,	Terengganu  Land Lot  31	July  2021  Age	of	Building	:	9	years  Tenure : 60 years  Leasehold  215,278  2,600,000   |
|---|

✄

<!-- image -->

*I/We	(full	name), bearing	*NRIC	No./Passport	No./Company	No.

of (full address)

being	a	*member/members	of	T7	Global	Berhad	(' the	Company ') hereby appoint

NRIC/Passport	No.

NRIC/Passport	No.

(FULL	NAME	IN	BLOCK	CAPITALS)

of (full address)

and, of (full address)

or	failing	*him/her,	the	*Chairman	of	the	Meeting	as	*my/our	proxy	to	vote	for	*me/us	and	on	*my/our	behalf	at	the	Nineteenth Annual general Meeting (' aGM ')	of	the	Company	which	will	be	conducted	on	a	virtual	basis	at	the	broadcast	venue	at	T7	Global's Boardroom,	C-16-01,	Level	16,	KL	Trillion	Corporate	Tower,	338	Jalan	Tun	Razak,	50400	Kuala	Lumpur,	Wilayah	Persekutuan (' broadcast Venue ')	via	Remote	Participation	and	Voting	facilities	provided	by	Tricor	Investor	&amp;	Issuing	House	Services	Sdn.	Bhd. (' Tricor ')	via	TIIH	Online	website	at	https://tiih.online	on	Wednesday,	21	June	2023	at	10:00	a.m.	and	at	any	adjournment	thereof.

Please	indicate	with	an	'X'	in	the	spaces	provided	below	as	to	how	you	wish	your	votes	to	be	casted.	If	no	specific	direction	as	to voting	is	given,	the	proxy	will	vote	or	abstain	from	voting	at	*his/her	discretion.

| ordinary business  For  against  ordinary resolution 1  Payment	of	Directors'	fees  ordinary resolution 2  Payment	of	benefits	payable	to	the	Non-Executive	Directors  Ordinary	Resolution	3  Re-election	of	YBhg.	Tan	Sri	Datuk	Seri	Tan	Kean	Soon,	J.	P .	as	Director  Ordinary	Resolution	4  Re-election	of	YBhg.	CP	(R)	Dato'	Sri	Wan	Ahmad	Najmuddin	Bin	Mohd  as	Director  ordinary resolution 5  Re-election	of	YBhg.	Datuk	Seri	Rahim	Bin	Ismail	as	Director  Ordinary	Resolution	6  Re-appointment of grant Thornton Malaysia PLT as Auditors  Special	Business  ordinary resolution 7  Authority to issue shares  Ordinary	Resolution	8  Proposed	renewal	of	existing	shareholders'	mandate	for	recurrent	related  party transactions of a revenue or trading nature  ordinary resolution 9  Proposed	new	shareholders'	mandate	for	new	recurrent	related	party  transactions of a revenue or trading nature  ordinary resolution 10  Proposed renewal of authority for the Company to purchase its own shares   |
|---|

signed this day of ,	2023

*	Signature(s)/Common	Seal	of	Member(s)

* Strike out whichever not applicable

For	appointment	of	two	(2)	proxies,	percentage	of shareholdings	to	be	represented	by	the	proxies

No.	of	shares

Proxy	1

Proxy	2

Total

Percentage

100%

(FULL	NAME	IN	BLOCK	CAPITALS)

CdS account no.

No.	of	ordinary	shares	held

Mobile	phone	no.

## Notes	:-

1. The AgM of the Company will be held as virtual meeting via live streaming and online remote voting using the Remote	Participation	and	Voting	Facilities	(' rPV ')	provided	by	Tricor	Investor	&amp;	Issuing	House	Services	Sdn.	Bhd. (' Tricor ') through its website at https://tiih.online . Please follow the procedures as set out in the Administrative Guide	which	is	available	at	the	Company's	website	www.t7global.com.my/19thAGM .
2. Members	and/or	proxy(ies)	and/or	corporate	representative(s)	and/or	attorneys	are	to	attend,	speak	(including	posing questions	to	the	Board	of	Directors	via	real	time	submission	of	typed	texts)	and	vote	(collectively,	' participate ') remotely at the AgM via the RPV facilities provided by Tricor at https://tiih.online .
3. In	respect	of	deposited	securities,	only	members	whose	names	appear	in	the	Record	of	Depositors	on	13	June 2023	(General	Meeting	Record	of	Depositors)	shall	be	eligible	to	attend	the	Meeting.
4. A member who is entitled to participate and vote at the AgM via RPV is entitled to appoint more than one (1) proxy	to	participate	and	vote	in	his	stead.	Where	a	member	appoints	more	than	one	(1)	proxy,	the	appointments shall	be	invalid	unless	he	specifies	the	proportions	of	his	shareholdings	to	be	represented	by	each	proxy.
5. A	proxy	may	but	does	not	need	to	be	a	member	of	the	Company.	Notwithstanding	this,	a	member	entitled	to participate	and	vote	at	the	AGM	is	entitled	to	appoint	any	person	as	his	proxy	to	participate	and	vote	instead	of the	member	at	the	AGM.	There	shall	be	no	restriction	as	to	the	qualification	of	the	proxy.	A	proxy	appointed	to participate and vote at the AgM shall have the same rights as the member to speak at the AgM.
6. In	the	case	of	a	corporate	member,	the	instrument	appointing	a	proxy	must	be	either	under	its	common	seal	or under	the	hand	of	an	officer	or	attorney	duly	authorised.
7. Where	a	member	of	the	Company	is	an	exempt	authorised	nominee	which	holds	ordinary	shares	in	the	Company for	multiple	beneficial	owners	in	one	securities	account	(' omnibus	account '),	there	is	no	limit	to	the	number	of proxies	which	the	exempt	authorised	nominee	may	appoint	in	respect	of	each	omnibus	account	it	holds.
8. A	member	who	has	appointed	a	proxy	or	attorney	or	authorised	representative	to	participate	and	vote	at	the	AGM via	RPV	must	request	his/her	proxy	or	attorney	or	authorised	representative	to	register	himself/herself	for	RPV at	TIIH	Online	website	at	https://tiih.online.	Please	follow	the	Procedures	for	RPV	in	the	Administrative	Details	for the AgM.
9. The	appointment	of	a	proxy	may	be	made	by	electronic	means	or	in	a	hard	copy	form	in	the	following	manner and must be received by the Company not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the AgM or adjourned general meeting at which the person named in the appointment proposes to vote:
10. (i) By	electronic	form

The	form	of	proxy	can	be	electronically	lodged	with	the	Share	Registrar	of	the	Company	via	TIIH	Online website at https://tiih.online	(applicable	to	individual	members	only).	Kindly	refer	to	the	Administrative	Details on	the	procedures	for	electronic	lodgement	of	form	of	proxy	via	TIIH	Online.

- (ii) in hard copy form

In	the	case	of	an	appointment	made	in	hard	copy	form,	the	form	of	proxy	must	be	deposited	with	the	Share Registrar	of	the	Company	at	Tricor	Investor	&amp;	Issuing	House	Services	Sdn.	Bhd.,	Unit	32-01,	Level	32, Tower	A,	Vertical	Business	Suite,	Avenue	3,	Bangsar	South,	No.	8,	Jalan	Kerinchi,	59200	Kuala	Lumpur, Wilayah	Persekutuan	or	alternatively,	the	Customer	Services	Centre	at	Unit	G-3,	Ground	Floor,	Vertical Podium,	Avenue	3,	Bangsar	South,	No.	8,	Jalan	Kerinchi,	59200	Kuala	Lumpur,	Wilayah	Persekutuan.

10. Please	ensure	ALL	the	particulars	as	required	in	the	form	of	proxy	are	completed,	signed	and	dated	accordingly.
11. Last	date	and	time	for	lodging	the	form	of	proxy	is Monday,	19	June	2023	at	10:00	a.m.
12. Any authority pursuant to which such an appointment is made by a power of attorney must be deposited with the	Share	Registrar	of	the	Company	at	Tricor	Investor	&amp;	Issuing	House	Services	Sdn.	Bhd.,	Unit	32-01,	Level	32, Tower	A,	Vertical	Business	Suite,	Avenue	3,	Bangsar	South,	No.	8,	Jalan	Kerinchi,	59200	Kuala	Lumpur,	Wilayah Persekutuan	or	alternatively,	the	Customer	Service	Centre	at	Unit	G-3,	Ground	Floor,	Vertical	Podium,	Avenue	3, Bangsar	South,	No.	8,	Jalan	Kerinchi,	59200	Kuala	Lumpur,	Wilayah	Persekutuan	not	less	than	forty-eight	(48) hours before the time appointed for holding the AgM or adjourned general meeting at which the person named in the	appointment	proposes	to	vote.	A	copy	of	the	power	of	attorney	may	be	accepted	provided	that	it	is	certified notarially	and/or	in	accordance	with	the	applicable	legal	requirements	in	the	relevant	jurisdiction	in	which	it	is executed.
13. A	 corporate	 member	 who	 has	 appointed	 a	 representative,	 please	 deposit	 the orIGINal certificate	 of appointment	with	the	Share	Registrar	of	the	Company	at	Tricor	Investor	&amp;	Issuing	House	Services	Sdn.	Bhd., Unit	32-01,	Level	32,	Tower	A,	Vertical	Business	Suite,	Avenue	3,	Bangsar	South,	No.	8,	Jalan	Kerinchi,	59200 Kuala	Lumpur,	Wilayah	Persekutuan	or	alternatively,	the	Customer	Service	Centre	at	Unit	G-3,	Ground	Floor, Vertical	Podium,	Avenue	3,	Bangsar	South,	No.	8,	Jalan	Kerinchi,	59200	Kuala	Lumpur,	Wilayah	Persekutuan. The	certificate	of	appointment	should	be	executed	in	the	following	manner:
5. (i) If	the	corporate	member	has	a	common	seal,	the	certificate	of	appointment	should	be	executed	under	seal in accordance with the constitution of the corporate member.
6. (ii) If	the	corporate	member	does	not	have	a	common	seal,	the	certificate	of	appointment	should	be	affixed with	the	rubber	stamp	of	the	corporate	member	(if	any)	and	executed	by:
7. (a) at	least	two	(2)	authorised	officers,	of	whom	one	shall	be	a	director;	or
8. (b) any	director	and/or	authorised	officers	in	accordance	with	the	laws	of	the	country	under	which	the corporate member is incorporated.

✄

Fold this flap for sealing

Then fold here

1st fold here

<!-- image -->

The share Registrar

T7 Global berhad

[Registration No. 200401023809 (662315-U)]

Unit	32-01,	Level	32 Tower	A,	Vertical	Business	Suite Avenue	3,	Bangsar	South No.	8,	Jalan	Kerinchi 59200 Kuala Lumpur

AFFIX sTAMP

www.t7global.com.my

## T7 Global Berhad

Registration No. 200401023809 (662315-U)

C-16-01, Level 16, KL Trillion Corporate Tower, Block C 338 Jalan Tun Razak 50400 Kuala Lumpur Malaysia

Tel: +603 2785 7777 Fax: +603 2785 7778 Email: t7@t7global.com.my