## 2 0 2 2 Annual Report

TangerOutlets

60

2   /   Tanger Outlets

## Contents

| Company Profile  04  Financial Highlights  06  Corporate Responsibility  08  Partnership  12  Letter to Shareholders  13  Locations  20  Form 10-K  22   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## About Tanger

Tanger Outlet Centers attract over 120 million visitors each year. Our centers are the smart shopper's ideal one-stop destination for style at great savings. Our portfolio  of  37  upscale  outlet  shopping  centers  in 20 U.S. states and in Canada showcase a tenant mix of leading designers and brand name retailers in an open-air  environment  designed  to  make  shopping relaxing, rewarding and fun.

At  Tanger  Outlets,  we  are  dedicated  to  making  our retail  partners successful, year after year. Focusing on our customers is our main priority. Each shopper visit  is  important  to  our  success,  and  we  want  to deliver the right products, the best brand name and designer  stores,  and  superior  properties  each  day. Our success is enriched by gaining the loyalty of our existing shoppers and introducing new generations to the Tanger Outlet experience.

Our  commitment  to  our  partners'  ongoing  growth and success is a reflection of how we do business always focused on the best interests and longstanding relationships with partners and shoppers.

<!-- image -->

Total Portfolio metrics as of March 15, 2023

(1)     Includes 1 managed center and 1 center under development

<!-- image -->

## Our Mission

## Our Vision

To deliver the best value, experience and opportunity for our communities, stakeholders and partners

Using customer insights and experience to inform the future of shopping

## Our Core Values

## CONSIDER COMMUNITY FIRST

Our diverse communities are the heartbeat of our business. Our decision-making must reflect the varied perspectives that contribute to making Tanger a welcoming environment for all. We work to embrace these differences which strengthen Our Tanger. Our philanthropic and sustainable commitments exist to better all the communities we serve.

## SEEK THE SUCCESS OF OTHERS

We are all in this together, and we believe true success can only be achieved when it is experienced by our shoppers, retailers, and team members alike. We strive to create a culture of inclusion, where we can all be better-together.

## ACT FAIRLY &amp; WITH INTEGRITY

Our bond is strongest when we act with integrity and fairness in everything we do. Tanger's commitment to ethics lives throughout every level, interaction, and function of the organization, and is what we are known for.

## MAKE IT HAPPEN

This is the Tanger state of mind, and it is deeply rooted in our heritage. We are empowered to take smart risks, innovate and to use our voices to advocate for our ideas and for others within our communities.

## Financial Highlights *

FOR THE YEAR

Total revenues

Net income available to common shareholders

FFO available to common shareholders  (1)

Core FFO available to common shareholders  (2)

Same Center NOI  (3)

Dividends and distributions

Average common shares outstanding  (4)

PER SHARE

FFO available to common shareholders

Core FFO available to common shareholders

Dividends  (5)

Dividend Payout Ratio  (6)

2022

$442,613

$81,194

$201,523

$201,772

$298,080

$88,033

110,395

2022

$1.83

$1.83

$0.80

44%

2021

$426,525

$8,314

$138,114

$188,360

$283,457

$75,851

106,769

2021

$1.29

$1.76

$0.72

55%

% CHANGE

4%

877%

46%

7%

5%

16%

3%

% CHANGE

42%

4%

11%

-20%

| AT YEAR END  2022  2021  % CHANGE  Real estate assets before depreciation  $2,855,871  $2,800,758  2%  Total assets  $2,217,665  $2,157,384  3%  Common shares outstanding  104,498  104,085  0%  Square feet - Consolidated  11,353  11,453  -1%  Square feet - Partially Owned &amp; Managed  2,113  2,113  0%  Square feet - Managed  457  -  -  Occupancy rate  (7)  97%  95%  2%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

* In thousands, except per share and percentage data
- (1) Funds From Operations ('FFO') is defined as net income (loss) available to the Company's common shareholders computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ('GAAP'), excluding (i) depreciation and amortization related to real estate, (ii) gains or losses from sales of certain real estate assets, (iii) gains and losses from change in control, (iv) impairment write-downs of certain real estate assets and investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real estate held by the entity and (v) after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis.
- (2) We define Core Funds From Operations ('Core FFO') as FFO further adjusted to eliminate the

impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance.

- (3) We define same center net operating income ('Same Center NOI') as total operating revenues less property operating expenses for properties that were operational for the entire portion of both comparable reporting periods and which were not acquired, or subject to a material expansion or non-recurring event. Same Center NOI excludes termination fees and non-cash adjustments including straight-line rent, net above and below market rent amortization, impairment charges, loss on early extinguishment of debt and gains or losses on the sale of assets.
- (4)     Includes the dilutive effect of options and assumes the Class A common limited partnership units of the Operating Partnership held by the noncontrolling interests are exchanged for common shares of the Company.
- (5)   Represents per share amounts available to common shareholders.
- (6)     Annual dividends and distributions as a percent of FFO available to common shareholders for such year.
- (7)   Represents occupancy at consolidated, stabilized centers.

FFO, Core FFO and Same Center NOI are nonGAAP financial measures that we believe are important supplemental indicators of our operating performance. For a discussion of FFO, Core FFO and Same Center NOI, including a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measure, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, beginning on page 56.

<!-- image -->

## CREATING A POSITIVE WORKPLACE

We aim to create an engaging, equitable workplace where all people are welcomed, valued and have opportunities to thrive

<!-- image -->

## MINDING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT

We are committed to taking steps to mitigate climate change through embedding energy efficiency and sustainability measures in center operations, new center development and tenant partnerships

<!-- image -->

## CONTRIBUTING TO STRONG, VIBRANT COMMUNITIES

We actively serve our communities through partnerships with nonprofits, community leaders and tenants

<!-- image -->

## MANAGING OUR BUSINESS WITH INTEGRITY

We build trusting relationships and seek to create long-term value for our stakeholders with ethics as the foundation for our approach to ESG and our entire business

<!-- image -->

## Our Environmental, Social &amp; Governance Approach

At  Tanger,  we  work  to  create  long-term  value  for our  shareholders,  retail  partners  and  employee team members while we build strong communities and consider the future of our planet. We integrate environmental,  social  and  governance  (ESG) principles into our business practices and address the issues most important to Tanger stakeholders. Our Core Values - Consider Community First, Seek the Success of Others, Act Fairly and with Integrity, and  Make  it  Happen  -  form  the  foundation  of our  approach  as  we  set  goals  to  create  positive social  and  economic  impact  while  reducing  our environmental footprint.

Our goal is to utilize best practices in every aspect of our business, including our ESG reporting, which is guided by the following standards and reporting frameworks:

-  Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
-  Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB, now part of the International Sustainability Standards Board)
-  Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB)
-  CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project)
-  Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Tanger's Progress Towards Long-Term Sustainability Goals in 2022

In  2022,  Tanger  reached  several  important  milestones  in  its sustainability and resiliency journey by transforming our goals into actions, as follows:

01. Announced our plan to achieve net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050
02. Became a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact in  2022,  committing  to  the  adoption  of  sustainable  and socially responsible policies, alignment with the Compact's Ten Principles, and reporting on implementation
03. Achieved  the  International  WELL  Building  Institute's WELL  Health-Safety  Rating  for  Facility  Operations  and Management in all its United States-based centers  (1)
04. Strategically  invested  in  renewable  energy  by  procuring 6.2 MW of photovoltaic panels for four new solar system installations, doubling our solar infrastructure
05. Added over 160 electric vehicle charging stations, doubling shoppers' access to free EV charging
06. Purchased over 30 electric cars and golf carts in support of our goal of electrifying 100% of our operational fleet by 2030
07. Attained  LEED  Gold  certification  at  an  additional  four centers, pushing over 50% of gross leasable area to this certification
08. Received U.S. Green Building Council Awards at our centers in Savannah, Grand Rapids and Howell
09. Grew our urban beehive portfolio to nine centers by adding hives in Pittsburgh, Locust Grove and Westgate

(1)     Includes all consolidated properties and unconsolidated joint venture properties managed by the Company

## ESG Priorities

At Tanger, we are strategically embedding sustainability in all that we do. We engage stakeholders, executives and our Board members to determine opportunities and risks and identify key ESG issues, which are integrated into operational priorities and processes across the company. As a result of a robust assessment conducted by a third party in 2021, we have identified the following priority issues that we believe are of greatest relevance to the company and our stakeholders:

<!-- image -->

DIVERSITY, EQUITY &amp; INCLUSION

<!-- image -->

ENERGY USE &amp; EFFICIENCY

<!-- image -->

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

CLIMATE CHANGE

<!-- image -->

TENANTS' ENVIRONMENTAL &amp; SOCIAL FOOTPRINT

<!-- image -->

## Bringing the Best Brands &amp; Best Experiences to Tanger Nationwide

## A Message From Our Senior Executives

## Dear Fellow Shareholders,

We entered 2022 committed to executing our strategy to  accelerate  our  business,  strengthen  our  position as a leading real estate operating company focused on customer experience, drive cash flows and deliver growth. Our 2022 financial results delivered on these objectives, demonstrating our ability to:

- provide curated, engaging and value-filled experiences for our shoppers,
-  offer a productive sales model and clearance channel for our retailers,
-  elevate and diversify our tenancy, and
-  deliver a platform providing both reliable earnings and attractive growth opportunities while maintaining prudent leverage levels.

During 2022, we also prioritized our commitment to create value for our shareholders, raising our annual dividend by 20% to $0.88 per share over the course of the year and providing a total shareholder return that significantly outpaced the retail REIT, total REIT and S&amp;P 500 indices. In May, we broke ground on our 37 th center in Nashville, Tennessee, which is on track for grand opening in September 2023. We also entered into a strategic partnership to assume the marketing, leasing and property management responsibilities at the rebranded Tanger Outlets Palm Beach. Our success there  is  a  proof  point  to  the  strength  of  the  Tanger brand to our retailers and our shoppers combined with our ability to leverage our leading operations, leasing and marketing teams across retail platforms.

<!-- image -->

## Financial Results &amp; Operating Performance

Net income available to common shareholders was $0.77 per share, or $81.2 million, for the year ended December  31,  2022,  compared  to  $0.08  per  share, or  $8.3  million,  for  the  prior  year.  Core  Funds  From Operations  ('Core  FFO') (1)   available  to  common shareholders was $1.83 per share, or $201.8 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $1.76 per share, or $188.4 million, for the prior year.

Same  center  net  operating  income  ('Same  Center NOI') for the consolidated portfolio increased 5% for the year ended December 31, 2022 driven by growth in occupancy and rental rates during 2022, as well as the benefit from a net reversal of revenue reserves of approximately $4.1 million compared to approximately $1.2 million of net reserves recorded in 2021.

The importance of the outlet channel and our open-air centers to our retailers was evidenced by our robust leasing  and  attractive  rents  spreads.  On  a  blended basis, rent spreads increased 10% and improved for the seventh consecutive quarter. In 2022, we executed

$202M Core FFO available to common shareholders leasing volume of over 2 million square feet, a 50% increase year over year. Occupancy grew nearly 200 basis points to 97% at December 31, 2022, and the average cost of occupancy to our tenants was 8.6% as of the end of the year. We believe we have meaningful opportunity to realize additional rent increases while providing tremendous value for our retailers.

Traffic and total gross sales approached 2021 levels that  benefited  from  the  post-COVID  reopening  and very low promotional levels. When compared to preCOVID 2019 levels, average tenant sales per square foot increased 12% in 2022, or 9% on a same center basis. We are elevating and diversifying our brands and  have  made  tremendous  progress  adding  new food and beverage, entertainment, home furnishings, and digitally native brands to our portfolio. With the goal of curating the best open-air environments, with elevated brands, improved amenities and best-in-class food and beverage, we are creating a more engaging experience for shoppers who ultimately stay longer and spend more dollars at our centers.

12%

tenant sales per square foot growth over pre-COVID 2019 levels

## Capital Allocation

During 2022, we further strengthened our balance sheet to position Tanger with the liquidity and flexibility to invest in our growth. In the second half of 2022, we amended and restated the bank term loan, increasing the outstanding balance from $300 million to $325 million, extending the maturity from April 2024 to January 2027 (plus a one-year extension option) and reducing the applicable pricing margin from LIBOR plus 125 basis points to adjusted SOFR plus 120 basis points based on our current credit rating. We also refinanced secured mortgages at the Columbus, Ohio and Southaven, Mississippi (Memphis) properties, extending the maturity dates to October 2032 and October 2026 (plus a one-year extension option), respectively.

Net debt to Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization ('Adjusted EBITDA') improved to 4.9 times for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5.3 times for the prior year. Interest coverage ratio improved to 5.1 times for 2022 from 4.4 times in 2021. As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated portfolio outstanding floating rate debt totaled approximately $76.1 million, representing approximately 5% of total consolidated debt and 2% of total enterprise value. Approximately 93% of  our  total  consolidated  square  footage  was  unencumbered  by  mortgages  and our outstanding debt had a weighted average interest rate of 3.2% and a weighted average term to maturity, including extension options, of approximately 5.6 years. We have no significant debt maturities until September 2026 and we ended the year with $265 million of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, along with full capacity available under our $520 million unsecured lines of credit.

## $785M

of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and full capacity under unsecured lines of credit

## 93%

of Tanger's consolidated portfolio is unencumbered by mortgages

<!-- image -->

## Our Mission, Vision &amp; Values

At Tanger, our Mission, Vision and Values define who we are, where we are going and what we believe in. Our Mission is to deliver the best value, experience and opportunity for our communities, stakeholders and partners. Our Vision is using customer insights and experience to inform the future of shopping.

## Our Core Values

SEEK THE SUCCESS OF OTHERS

CONSIDER COMMUNITY FIRST

MAKE IT HAPPEN

ACT FAIRLY &amp; WITH INTEGRITY

These four pillars form the foundation of our approach to creating long-term value for our  shareholders,  retail  partners  and  employee  team  members  while  we  build  strong communities and consider the future of our planet. We integrate ESG into our business practices  as  we  seek  to  have  a  positive  impact  while  driving  positive  returns  on  our investments.

In 2022, we announced our plan to achieve net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050, and we have already achieved several milestones towards this long-term goal. We have strategically  invested  in  renewable  energy  by  doubling  our  solar  infrastructure  and shoppers' access to free electric vehicle charging at our centers. We also attained LEED Gold certification at an additional four centers, ending 2022 with over 50% of our square footage LEED Gold certified.

DAYTONA BEACH, FL

L E T T E R   T O   S H A R E H O L D E R S

2022 Annual Report   /   17

We are focused on delivering growth

GRAND RAPIDS, MI

## Outlook for 2023

2023 is a milestone year for Tanger, marking our 30 th  year as a public company traded on the New York Stock Exchange. We have entered this year with an attractive growth outlook and a well-positioned balance sheet with the liquidity and flexibility to execute on our strategy. We continue to elevate our tenancy, diversify our portfolio, increase permanent occupancy and grow incremental revenue sources through our marketing partnerships, media platform and sustainability efforts, and we look forward to the opening of our newest center in Nashville this fall.

We have invested in the team and the technology to execute on our core initiatives of strategic leasing, efficient operations and a data-driven approach to marketing, which we believe will create value for all of our stakeholders over time. As the leaders of your management team, we are proud to work with this talented group of Tanger professionals and our dedicated Board of Directors whose keen business insights assist us in focusing on long-term results. Collectively, we are committed to unlocking additional value in our portfolio and delivering long-term growth for Tanger shareholders.

<!-- image -->

STEVEN B. TANGER Executive Chair

STEPHEN YALOF President &amp; Chief Executive OGLYPH&lt;31&gt;cer

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

(1)     Includes 1 managed center and 1 center under development

(2)     Represents total portfolio, including Tanger's pro rata share of unconsolidated joint ventures

## United States

- 1 FOLEY, AL

Gulf Coast Resort Area I-10, Exit 44, Highway 59S

- 2 PHOENIX (GLENDALE), AZ

9 miles Northwest of Phoenix Loop 101 and Glendale Avenue

- 3 FOXWOODS (MASHANTUCKET), CT

Foxwoods Resort Casino 50 miles East of Hartford

- 4 REHOBOTH BEACH, DE

Coastal Resort Area 3 Locations on Delaware's Coastal Highway Route 1

- 5 DAYTONA BEACH, FL

Coastal Resort Area I-95 &amp; LPGA Boulevard

- 6 PALM BEACH, FL

Coastal Resort Area Palm Beach Lakes Boulevard

- 7 COMMERCE, GA

Between Atlanta and Greenville I-85, Exit 149

- 8 ATLANTA (LOCUST GROVE), GA

Between Atlanta and Macon I-75, Exit 212

- 9 SAVANNAH, GA

on Pooler Parkway I-95, Exit 104 or I-16, Exit 155

- 10 GONZALES, LA

Between New Orleans and Baton Rouge I-10 at Highway 30, Exit 177

- 11 NATIONAL HARBOR, MD

8 Miles Southeast of Washington, D.C. I-95/495 and I-295

- 12 GRAND RAPIDS, MI

10 Miles Southwest of Grand Rapids US-131 at 84th Street SW, Exit 74

- 13 HOWELL, MI

Between Lansing and Detroit I-96 at M-59, Exit 133

## 14 MEMPHIS, TN (SOUTHAVEN, MS)

14 Miles Southeast of Memphis I-69/55, Exit 287 at Church Road

## 15 BRANSON, MO

Ozark Mtn/Lakes Region Resort Area, West Highway 76, 2 miles West of US Highway 65

- 16 TILTON, NH

Lakes Region Resort Area I-93, Left off Exit 20

## 17 ATLANTIC CITY, NJ

Coastal Resort Area 2014 Baltic Avenue

- 18 DEER PARK, NY

Minutes from Manhattan I-495, LIE Exit 52 on Commack Road and Grand Boulevard

- 19 RIVERHEAD, NY

Long Island Resort Area I-495 East, LIE Exits 72 and 73

- 20 CHARLOTTE, NC

10 Minutes West of Downtown Charlotte, I-485, Exit 4 Tanger/Simon Partnership Project

## 21 MEBANE, NC

Between Raleigh-Durham and Greensboro/Winston-Salem I-40/85, Exit 154

- 22 COLUMBUS, OH

22 Miles Northeast of Columbus I-71 and US 36/R 37

- 23 HERSHEY, PA

Hershey Park Resort Area Off PA-743/Hershey Park Drive

- 24 LANCASTER, PA

Amish Country Resort Area Route 30 East

- 25 PITTSBURGH (WASHINGTON), PA

20 Minutes South of Pittsburgh I-79, Exit 41

- 26 CHARLESTON, SC

Coastal Resort Area I-26, Exit 213 or 213A

- 27 HILTON HEAD, SC

28

Hilton Head Island Resort Area I-95, SC Exit 8 onto Highway 278 2 Locations on Highway 278

- 29 MYRTLE BEACH, SC

Myrtle Beach Resort Area Highway 17N at Highway 22 Veterans Highway

- 30 MYRTLE BEACH, SC

Myrtle Beach Resort Area Highway 501, 3 Miles West of the Intracoastal Waterway

- 31 NASHVILLE, TN (OPENING FALL 2023)

12 miles from downtown Nashville I-24 at Hickory Hollow Parkway

- 32 SEVIERVILLE, TN

Smoky Mountain Resort Area Highway 441/Parkway at Traffic Lights #13 and #13.1

- 33 FORT WORTH, TX

I-35W &amp; SH 114 North Fort Worth, across from the Texas Motor Speedway

- 34 HOUSTON (TEXAS CITY), TX

I-45, Exit 17 to Holland Road 5885 Gulf Freeway

- 35 SAN MARCOS, TX

Between San Antonio and Austin I-35, Exit 200

## Canada

- 36 COOKSTOWN, ON

Toronto and Lake Resort Area 3311 Simcoe Road 89, Highway 400 at Highway 89

- 37 OTTAWA, ON

16 Miles West of Downtown Ottawa off Highway 417 at Palladium Drive

F O R M   10 - K

Less eenue

gF

up (o

70

PI T T S B U R G H ,   PA

## United States SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022

OR

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Commission file number 1-11986 (Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.)

Commission file number 333-3526-01 (Tanger Properties Limited Partnership)

## TANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS, INC. TANGER PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

North Carolina (Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.) North Carolina (Tanger Properties Limited Partnership)

56-1815473

56-1822494

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

3200 Northline Avenue, Suite 360, Greensboro, NC 27408

(Address of principal executive offices)

(336) 292-3010

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol (s)

Name of exchange on which registered

Common Shares, $.01 par value

SKT

New York Stock Exchange

Tanger Properties Limited Partnership:

None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.: None

Tanger Properties Limited Partnership: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.

Yes ☒

No ☐

Tanger Properties Limited Partnership

Yes ☒

No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.

Yes ☐

No ☒

Tanger Properties Limited Partnership

Yes ☐

No ☒

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  (1)  has  filed  all  reports  required  to  be  filed  by  Section  13  or  15(d)  of  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.

Yes ☒

No ☐

Tanger Properties Limited Partnership

Yes

☒

No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.

Yes ☒

No ☐

Tanger Properties Limited Partnership

Yes

☒

No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of 'large accelerated filer,' 'accelerated filer," 'smaller reporting company,' and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.

Large Accelerated Filer ☒

Accelerated Filer ☐

Non-accelerated Filer ☐

Smaller Reporting Company ☐

Emerging Growth Company ☐

Tanger Properties Limited Partnership

Large Accelerated Filer ☐

Accelerated Filer ☐

Non-accelerated Filer ☒

Smaller Reporting Company ☐

Emerging Growth Company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. ☐

Tanger Properties Limited Partnership ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. ☒

Tanger Properties Limited Partnership ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.

Yes ☐

No ☒

Tanger Properties Limited Partnership

Yes ☐

No ☒

The aggregate market value of voting shares held by non-affiliates of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. was approximately $1,451,887,553 based on the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange for such shares on June 30, 2022.

The number of Common Shares of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. outstanding as of February 10, 2023 was 104,497,920.

## Documents Incorporated By Reference

Portions of Tanger Factory Outlet Center, Inc.'s definitive proxy statement to be filed with respect to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference in Part III.

## PART I

## EXPLANATORY NOTE

This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. and Tanger Properties Limited Partnership. Unless the context indicates otherwise, the term "Company", refers to Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. and subsidiaries and the term "Operating Partnership" refers  to  Tanger  Properties  Limited  Partnership  and  subsidiaries.  The  terms  'we',  'our'  and  'us'  refer  to  the Company or the Company and the Operating Partnership together, as the text requires.

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. and subsidiaries is one of the largest owners and operators of outlet centers in  the  United  States  and  Canada. The  Company  is  a  fully-integrated,  self-administered  and  self-managed  real estate investment trust ("REIT"), which, through its controlling interest in the Operating Partnership, focuses on developing,  acquiring,  owning,  operating  and  managing  outlet  shopping  centers.  The  outlet  centers  and  other assets  are  held  by,  and  all  of  the  operations  are  conducted  by,  the  Operating  Partnership.  Accordingly,  the descriptions of the business, employees and properties of the Company are also descriptions of the business, employees  and  properties  of  the  Operating  Partnership.  As  the  Operating  Partnership  is  the  issuer  of  our registered debt securities, we are required to present a separate set of financial statements for this entity.

In  November  2021, Tanger  Factory  Outlet  Centers,  Inc.  (the  'Company')  was  admitted  as  General  Partner  of Tanger  Properties  Limited  Partnership  (the  'Operating  Partnership').  Prior  to  this  administrative  change,  the Company owned the majority of the units of partnership interest issued by the Operating Partnership through its two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Tanger GP Trust and Tanger LP Trust. Tanger GP Trust controlled the Operating Partnership  as  its  sole  general  partner  and  Tanger  LP  Trust  held  a  limited  partnership  interest.  Following  this change to the ownership structure, the Company has replaced Tanger GP Trust as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and Tanger LP Trust retained its limited partnership interest.

The  Company,  including  its  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  Tanger  LP  Trust,  owns  the  majority  of  the  units  of partnership interest issued by the Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries owned 104,497,920 units of the Operating Partnership and other limited partners (the "NonCompany LPs") collectively owned 4,737,982 Class A common limited partnership units. Each Class A common limited  partnership  unit  held  by  the  Non-Company  LPs  is  exchangeable  for  one  of  the  Company's  common shares,  subject  to  certain  limitations  to  preserve  the  Company's  status  as  a  REIT.  Class  B  common  limited partnership units, which are held by Tanger LP Trust, are not exchangeable for common shares of the Company.

Management operates the Company and the Operating Partnership as one enterprise. The management of the Company consists of the same members as the management of the Operating Partnership. These individuals are officers of the Company and employees of the Operating Partnership.

We believe combining the annual reports on Form 10-K of the Company and the Operating Partnership into this single report results in the following benefits:

- enhancing investors' understanding of the Company and the Operating Partnership by enabling investors to view the business as a whole in the same manner as management views and operates the business;
- eliminating  duplicative  disclosure  and  providing  a  more  streamlined  and  readable  presentation  since  a substantial portion of the disclosure applies to both the Company and the Operating Partnership; and
- creating  time  and  cost  efficiencies  through  the  preparation  of  one  combined  report  instead  of  two separate reports.

There are only a few differences between the Company and the Operating Partnership, which are reflected in the disclosure  in  this  report.  We  believe  it  is  important,  however,  to  understand  these  differences  between  the Company  and  the  Operating  Partnership  in  the  context  of  how  the  Company  and  the  Operating  Partnership operate as an interrelated consolidated company.

As stated above, the Company is a REIT, whose only material asset is its ownership of partnership interests of the Operating Partnership, including through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Tanger LP Trust. As a result, the Company does  not  conduct  business  itself,  other  than  issuing  public  equity  from  time  to  time  and  incurring  expenses required  to  operate  as  a  public  company.  However,  all  operating  expenses  incurred  by  the  Company  are reimbursed by the Operating Partnership, thus the only material item on the Company's income statement is its equity in the earnings of the Operating Partnership. Therefore, the assets and liabilities and the revenues and expenses of the Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements, except  for  immaterial  differences  related  to  cash,  other  assets  and  accrued  liabilities  that  arise  from  public company  expenses  paid  by  the  Company.  The  Company  itself  does  not  hold  any  indebtedness  but  does guarantee certain debt of the Operating Partnership, as disclosed in this report.

The Operating Partnership holds all of the outlet centers and other assets, including the ownership interests in consolidated  and  unconsolidated  joint  ventures.  The  Operating  Partnership  conducts  the  operations  of  the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for net proceeds from public equity issuances by the Company, which are contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for partnership units,  the  Operating  Partnership  generates  the  capital  required  through  its  operations,  its  incurrence  of indebtedness or through the issuance of partnership units.

Noncontrolling interests, shareholder's equity and partners' capital are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of the Company and those of the Operating Partnership. The limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership held by the Non-Company LPs are accounted for as partners' capital in the Operating  Partnership's financial statements  and  as  noncontrolling interests in the Company's  financial statements.

To help investors understand the significant differences between the Company and the Operating Partnership, this report presents the following separate sections for each of the Company and the Operating Partnership:

- Consolidated financial statements;
- The following notes to the consolidated financial statements:
- Debt of the Company and the Operating Partnership;
- Shareholders' Equity and Partners' Equity;
- Earnings Per Share and Earnings Per Unit;
- Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income of the Company and the Operating Partnership; and
- Liquidity and Capital Resources in the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

This report also includes separate Item 9A. Controls and Procedures sections and separate Exhibit 31 and 32 certifications for each of the Company and the Operating Partnership in order to establish that the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of each entity have made the requisite certifications and that the Company and Operating Partnership are compliant with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. §1350.

The  separate  sections  in  this  report  for  the  Company  and  the  Operating  Partnership  specifically  refer  to  the Company  and  the  Operating  Partnership.  In  the  sections  that  combine  disclosure  of  the  Company  and  the Operating  Partnership,  this  report  refers  to  actions  or  holdings  as  being  actions  or  holdings  of  the  Company. Although the Operating Partnership is generally the entity that enters into contracts and joint ventures and holds assets  and  debt,  reference  to  the  Company  is  appropriate  because  the  business  is  one  enterprise  and  the Company operates the business through the Operating Partnership.

The  Company  currently  consolidates  the  Operating  Partnership  because  it  has  (1)  the  power  to  direct  the activities  of  the  Operating  Partnership  that  most  significantly  impact  the  Operating  Partnership's  economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive the residual returns of the Operating Partnership  that  could  be  potentially  significant.  The  separate  discussions  of  the  Company  and  the  Operating Partnership in this report should be read in conjunction with each other to understand the results of the Company on a consolidated basis and how management operates the Company.

## ITEM 1. BUSINESS

## The Company and the Operating Partnership

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. and subsidiaries, which we refer to as the Company, is one of the largest owners  and  operators  of  outlet  centers  in  the  United  States  and  Canada.  We  are  a  fully-integrated,  selfadministered and self-managed REIT, which focuses on developing, acquiring, owning, operating and managing outlet shopping centers. As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated portfolio consisted of 29 outlet centers, with a total gross leasable area of approximately 11.4 million square feet, which were 97% occupied and contained over 2,200 stores representing approximately 600 store brands, as well as one center under construction. We also had partial  ownership  interests  in  6  unconsolidated  outlet  centers  totaling  approximately  2.1  million  square  feet, including  2  outlet  centers  in  Canada.  Our  portfolio  also  includes  one  managed  center  totaling  approximately 500,000 square feet.  Each  of  our  outlet  centers,  except  one  joint  venture  property,  features  the  Tanger  brand name.

Our outlet centers and other assets are held by, and all of our operations are conducted by, Tanger Properties Limited Partnership and subsidiaries, which we refer to as the Operating Partnership. The Company, including its wholly-owned subsidiary, Tanger LP Trust, owns the majority of the units  of  partnership  interest  issued  by  the Operating Partnership. The Company controls the Operating Partnership as its sole general partner. Tanger LP Trust holds a limited partnership interest.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  the  Company  and  its  wholly-owned  subsidiaries  owned  104,497,920  units  of  the Operating  Partnership  and  the  Non-Company  LPs  collectively  owned  4,737,982  Class  A  common  limited partnership units. Each Class A common limited partnership unit held by the Non-Company LPs is exchangeable for one of the Company's common shares, subject to certain limitations to preserve the Company's status as a REIT. Class B common limited partnership units, which are held by Tanger LP Trust, are not exchangeable for common shares of the Company.

Ownership of the Company's common shares is restricted to preserve the Company's status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Subject to certain exceptions, a person may not actually or constructively own more than 4% of our common shares. We also operate in a manner intended to enable us to preserve our status as a REIT, including,  among  other  things,  making  distributions  with  respect  to  our  then  outstanding  common  shares  and preferred shares, if applicable, equal to at least 90% of our taxable income each year.

The Company is a North Carolina corporation that was incorporated in March 1993 and the Operating Partnership is a North Carolina partnership that was formed in May 1993. Our executive offices are currently located at 3200 Northline Avenue, Suite 360, Greensboro, North Carolina, 27408 and our telephone number is (336) 292-3010. Our website can be accessed at www.tangeroutlet.com. Copies of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments thereto can be obtained, free of charge, on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The information found on, or otherwise accessible through, our website is  not  incorporated  into,  and  does  not  form  a  part  of,  this Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  or  any  other  report  or document we file with or furnish to the SEC.

## Recent Developments

## New Development

In  May  2022,  we  broke  ground  on  our  37th  center  in  Nashville,  Tennessee.  The  center,  which  will  be approximately 290,000 square feet, is expected to open in the third quarter of 2023 at an estimated total cost of $142.0 million to $150.0 million with a projected stabilized yield of 7.0% to 7.5%. Through December 31, 2022, we had incurred costs of $36.0 million associated with this development.

## Property Management

In August 2022, we announced a strategic partnership with Clarion Partners at Palm Beach Outlets in West Palm Beach, Florida. We assumed marketing, leasing and property management responsibilities at the 457,000 square foot property, which has been rebranded as Tanger Outlets Palm Beach.

## Financing Transactions

## Unsecured Term Loan

In  October 2022, we amended and restated our unsecured term loan. The outstanding balance was increased from $300.0 million to $325.0 million and the maturity was extended from April 2024 to January 2027 plus a oneyear extension option. The interest rate changed from LIBOR + 1.25% to Adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate  (SOFR)  +  1.20%  based  on  our  current  credit  rating  at  closing.  The  amendment  also  incorporates  a sustainability metric, reducing the applicable grid-based interest rate spread by one basis point annually, subject to meeting certain thresholds.

## Unsecured Lines of Credit

In  October  2022,  we  amended  our  unsecured  lines  of  credit  to  change  the  interest  rate  index  from  LIBOR  to Adjusted SOFR. All other terms remained unchanged.

## Southaven, MS mortgage

In October 2022, the Southaven, Mississippi joint venture amended and restated its secured term loan, increasing the  outstanding  balance  to  $51.7  million  from  $40.1  million,  extending  the  maturity  from April  2023  to  October 2026 plus a one-year extension option, with an interest rate of Adjusted SOFR plus 2.00%.

## Unconsolidated Real Estate Joint Ventures Financing Transactions

## Columbus, Ohio

In September 2022, the joint venture completed the refinance of its existing $71.0 million LIBOR + 1.85% which had  a  maturity  date  of  November  2022.  The  refinanced  mortgage  remained  $71.0  million  but  became  a  nonrecourse loan with a maturity date in October 2032 and a fixed interest rate of 6.25%.

## Property Sales

In December 2022, we sold our Blowing Rock, North Carolina center for $13.0 million, which resulted in a gain on sale of assets of $3.2 million.

## Organizational Changes

In November 2022, Michael Bilerman became the Company's Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer.

## The Outlet Concept

Outlet centers generally consist of stores operated by brands and retailers that sell primarily branded products, some of which are made specifically for the outlet distribution channel,  to consumers at significant discounts from regular  retail  prices  charged  by  department  stores,  specialty  stores  and  their  own  full  price  channels.  Outlet centers  offer  advantages  to  brands  and  retailers  as  they  are  often  able  to  charge  customers  lower  prices  for branded and designer products by eliminating the third party retailer or through operating efficiencies. Stores and outlet  centers  also  typically  have  lower  operating  costs  than  other  retailing  formats,  enhancing  their  profit potential. Outlet centers enable retailers to optimize the size of production runs and their inventory positions while continuing  to  maintain  control  of  their  distribution  channels.  Outlet  centers  also  enable  brands  and  retailers  to establish  a  direct  relationship  with  their  customers  and  maintain  brand  integrity  through  control  of  product placement and pricing.

## Our Outlet Centers

Each of our outlet centers, except one joint venture property, features the Tanger brand name. Additionally, we leverage the Tanger brand and platform to manage a center in Palm Beach, Florida owned by an institutional investor.  We  believe  that  our  tenants  and  consumers  recognize  the  Tanger  brand  as  one  that  provides  outlet shopping centers where consumers can trust the brand, value and experience.

As one of the original participants in this industry and through key additions to our executive, leasing, operating and center teams, we have established long-standing relationships with many of our tenants that we believe are critical in operating, managing, developing, and acquiring successful outlet and retail centers.

Our consolidated outlet centers are typically located in a variety of geographical areas, including high frequency tourist destinations and suburbs of vibrant and fast-growing markets. Additionally, our centers are often situated in close proximity to interstate highways that provide accessibility and visibility to potential customers.

We have a diverse tenant base throughout our consolidated portfolio, comprised of approximately 600 designers, brands,  specialty  retailers  and  select  multi-brand  retailers  such  as  Nike,  Coach,  Gap  Outlet,  Ralph  Lauren, Michael Kors, Kate Spade, American Eagle, Under Armour, Banana Republic, Ann Taylor, Columbia, The North Face,  Adidas,  Levis,  H&amp;M,  Old  Navy,  Bath  and  Body  Works,  Vineyard  Vines,  J  Crew,  Tory  Burch,  Hollister, Lululemon, Allbirds, Summersalt, Ulta, Hey Dude, Huk, Crocs, Restoration Hardware, Pottery Barn, West Elm, Williams-Sonoma, and many more.

No  single  tenant,  including  all  of  its  store  concepts,  accounted  for  10%  or  more  of  our  combined  base  and percentage rental revenues during 2022, 2021 or 2020. As of December 31, 2022, no single tenant accounted for more than 7% of our leasable square feet or 6% of our combined base and percentage rental revenues.

A portion of our rental revenues are dependent on variable revenue sources. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the components of rental revenues are as follows (in thousands):

| 2022  Rental revenues - fixed  $  319,219  Rental revenues - variable  (1)  102,200  Rental revenues  $  421,419   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Primarily includes rents based on a percentage of tenant sales volume and reimbursable expenses such as common area expenses, utilities, insurance and real estate taxes, which are paid on a pro rata basis.

## Business History

Stanley  K.  Tanger,  the  Company's  founder,  entered  the  outlet  center  business  in  1981.  Prior  to  founding  our Company, Stanley K. Tanger and his son, Steven B. Tanger, our Executive Chair, built and managed a successful family owned apparel manufacturing business, Tanger/Creighton, Inc., which included the operation of five outlet stores.  Based  on  their  knowledge  of  the  apparel  and  retail  industries,  as  well  as  their  experience  operating Tanger/Creighton, Inc.'s outlet stores, they recognized that there would be a demand for outlet centers where a number of manufacturers could operate in a single location and attract a large number of shoppers.

Steven B. Tanger joined the predecessor company in 1986, and by June 1993, the Tangers had developed 17 outlet centers totaling approximately 1.5 million square feet. In June 1993, we completed our initial public offering, making Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. the first publicly traded outlet center company. Since our initial public offering,  we  have  grown  our  portfolio  through  the  strategic  development,  expansion  and  acquisition  of  outlet centers and are now one of the largest owner operators of outlet centers in the United States and Canada.

In  April  2020,  Stephen  Yalof,  a  successful  and  proven  retail  real  estate  executive,  joined  the  Company  as President  and  Chief  Operating  Officer,  as  part  of  an  executive  succession  plan  for  the  role  of  CEO.  Effective January 1, 2021, Steven B. Tanger, the Company's CEO, transitioned to the position of Executive Chair of the Company's Board of Directors, effective through January 1, 2024, and Mr. Yalof assumed the role of CEO of the Company.

## Business Strategy

Our Company has been built on a firm foundation of strong and enduring business relationships coupled with disciplined business practices. We partner with many of the world's best known and most respected brands and retailers.  By  fostering  and  maintaining  strong  relationships  with  these  successful,  high  volume  companies,  we have been able to solidify our position as a leader in the outlet industry for over thirty years. The confidence and trust  that  we  have  developed  with  our  retail  partners  from  the  very  beginning  has  allowed  us  to  forge  the impressive retail alliances that we enjoy today with our brands and retailers. Our seasoned team of professionals with diverse sets of expertise utilize the knowledge and experience that we have gained to give us a competitive advantage in the outlet business.

## Growth Strategy

Our goal is to build shareholder value through a comprehensive, disciplined plan for sustained, long-term growth. We focus our efforts on increasing net operating income at our existing outlet centers, renovating and optimizing selected outlet centers and pursuing disciplined external growth in our current markets and potential new markets through selective ground-up development or the acquisition of retail real estate. Future retail real estate assets may be wholly-owned by us, owned through joint ventures or partnership arrangements, or through management agreements.

## Increasing net operating income at existing outlet centers

Our leasing team focuses on optimizing the use of our real estate to attract and engage best in class brands and retailers  with  a  focus  on  maximizing  consumer demand and rent. The majority of our leases are negotiated to provide for inflation-based contractual rent increases or periodic fixed contractual rent increases and percentage rents.  We  have historically  been  able  to  renew  many  leases  at  higher  base  rents  per  square-foot  and  replace underperforming tenants with new or existing brands in our portfolio. Given the current retail environment, we may choose to execute leases with new tenants or renew certain tenants to enhance our tenant mix or maintain a high portfolio occupancy rate. In addition, we are focused on generating non-store revenues (other revenues), through marketing partnerships, media and ROI driven sustainability initiatives and actively managing property operating expenses and marketing expenses as a means of growing net operating income.

## Developing new outlet centers

We believe that there continue to be opportunities to introduce the Tanger brand in untapped or under-served markets across the United States and Canada in the long-term. We believe our expertise in the outlet industry, extensive development expertise and strong retail relationships give us a distinct competitive advantage.

In order to help ensure the viability of proceeding with a project, we gauge the interest of our retail partners first. We typically prefer to have signed leases or leases out for negotiation with tenants for at least 60% of the space in each outlet center prior to acquiring the site and beginning construction; however, we may choose to proceed with construction  with  less  than  60%  of  the  space  pre-leased  under  certain  circumstances.  Construction  of  a  new outlet center has typically taken us twelve to eighteen from groundbreaking to grand opening of the outlet center.

## Expanding and renovating existing outlet centers

Keeping  our  centers  vibrant  and  growing  is  a  key  part  of  our  formula  for  success.  In  order  to  maintain  our reputation as the premiere shopping destination in the markets that we serve, we have an ongoing program of renovations  and  expansions  taking  place  at  our  outlet  centers.  Construction  for  expansion  and  renovation  to existing properties typically takes less time, usually between six to nine months depending on the scope of the project.

## Acquiring retail real estate

We  may  selectively  choose  to  acquire  individual  properties  or  portfolios  of  properties  that  meet  our  strategic investment criteria. We believe that our extensive experience in the retail business, access to capital markets, familiarity  with  real  estate  markets  and  our  management  experience  will  allow  us  to  evaluate  and  execute  our acquisition  strategy  successfully  over  time.  Through  our  tenant  relationships,  our  teams  have  the  ability  to implement a re-merchandising strategy when needed to increase occupancy rates, optimize rents and maximize value.  We  believe  that  our  brand  operating  platform  and  operational  expertise  and  overall  retail  industry experience will also allow us to add long-term value and viability to these assets.

## Operating Strategy

Increasing cash flow to enhance the value of our properties and operations remains a primary business objective. Through targeted marketing and operational efficiencies, we strive to improve sales and profitability of our tenants and our outlet centers as a whole. Achieving higher base and percentage rents and generating additional income from temporary leasing, media and other non-store sources also remains an important focus and goal.

## Leasing

Our  long-standing  retailer  relationships  and  our  focus  on  identifying  emerging  retailers  allow  us  the  ability  to provide our shoppers with a collection of the world's most popular retailers. Tanger customers shop and save on their favorite branded merchandise including men's, women's and children's ready-to-wear, digitally native brands, lifestyle  apparel,  footwear,  jewelry  and  accessories,  tableware,  housewares,  luggage  and  home  goods.  In addition,  we are focused on adding non-traditional uses to our tenant mix, including experiential and food and beverage tenants. In order for our outlet centers to perform at a high level, our leasing professionals continually monitor and evaluate tenant mix, store size, store location and sales performance. They also work to assist our tenants through re-sizing and re-location of retail space within each of our outlet centers for maximum sales of each retail unit across our portfolio.

## Marketing

Our comprehensive marketing plans are designed to drive sales and traffic in partnership with our retail partners. We  leverage  data  to  enable  a  return  on  investment-oriented  performance  marketing  approach  for  efficient customer acquisition. Investments to transform our digital channels allow us to engage existing customers with timely and personalized communications. Our loyalty strategies are two pronged - earning increased wallet share with  vested  customers  and  optimizing  an  incremental  ancillary  revenue  stream.    Our  efforts  to  engage  broad audiences through seasonal events and our digital channels enable our ability to monetize our customer audience for media and sponsorship opportunities with retail partners and nationally trusted brands.

## Capital Strategy

We  believe  we  achieve  a  strong  and  flexible  financial  position  by  attempting  to:  (1)  maintain  a  conservative leverage position relative to our portfolio when  pursuing  new  development,  expansion  and  acquisition opportunities, (2) extend and sequence debt maturities, (3) manage our interest rate risk through an appropriate mix of fixed and variable rate debt and interest rate hedging strategies, (4) maintain access to liquidity by using our  lines  of  credit  in  a  conservative  manner  and  (5)  preserve  internally  generated  sources  of  capital  by maintaining  a  conservative  distribution  payout  ratio.  We  manage  our  capital  structure  to  reflect  a  long-term investment approach and utilize multiple sources of capital to meet our requirements, including without limitation, cash on hand, retained free cash flow and debt and equity issuances.

We  intend  to  retain  the  ability  to  raise  additional  capital,  including  public  debt  or  equity,  to  pursue  attractive investment  opportunities  that  may  arise  and  to  otherwise  act  in  a  manner  that  we  believe  to  be  in  the  best interests  of  our  shareholders  and  unitholders.  We  are  a  well-known  seasoned  issuer  with  a  shelf  registration statement  on  Form  S-3  that  allows  us  to  register  unspecified  amounts  of  different  classes  of  securities.  To generate  capital  to  reinvest  into  other  attractive  investment  opportunities,  we  may  also  consider  the  use  of additional operational and developmental joint ventures, the sale or lease of outparcels on our existing properties and the sale of certain properties that do not meet our long-term investment criteria. Based on cash provided by operations, cash and cash equivalents, our short-term investments, existing lines of credit, ongoing relationships with certain financial institutions and our ability to issue debt or equity subject to market conditions, we believe that we have access to the necessary financing to fund our planned capital expenditures during 2023.

We anticipate that adequate cash will be available to fund our operating and administrative expenses, regular debt service obligations, and the payment of dividends in accordance with REIT requirements in both the short and long-term. Although we receive most of our rental payments on a monthly basis, distributions to shareholders and  unitholders  are  made  quarterly  and  interest  payments  on  the  senior,  unsecured  notes  are  made  semiannually.  Amounts  accumulated  for  such  payments  will  be  used  in  the  interim  to  reduce  the  outstanding borrowings under our existing lines of credit or invested in short-term money market or other suitable instruments adhering to our investment policies.

We  believe  our  current  balance  sheet  position  is  financially  sound;  however,  due  to  the  uncertainty  and unpredictability of the capital and credit markets, we can give no assurance that affordable access to capital will exist  between  now  and  when  our  next  significant  debt  maturity,  which  is  our  unsecured  senior  note  due September 2026.

As a result, our current primary focus is to continually strengthen our capital and liquidity position by controlling and  reducing  construction  and  overhead  costs,  generating  positive  cash  flows  from  operations  to  cover  our distributions and maintaining appropriate leverage levels.

## Competition

We carefully  consider  the  degree  of  existing  and  planned  competition  in  a  proposed  area  before  deciding  to develop, acquire or expand a new outlet center. Our outlet centers compete for customers primarily with outlet centers built and operated by different developers, traditional shopping malls, full- and off-price retailers and ecommerce retailers. We believe that the majority of our customers visit outlet centers because they are intent on shopping brands at discounted prices. Traditional full-and off-price retailers and e-commerce retailers are often unable to provide such a variety and depth of selection and sizes at attractive prices.

Because our revenues are ultimately linked to our tenants' success, we are affected by the same competitive factors, such as consumer spending habits, as our tenants.

We compete with institutional  pension  funds,  private  equity  investors,  other  REITs,  individual  owners  of  outlet centers,  specialty  stores  and  others  who  are  engaged  in  the  acquisition,  development  or  ownership  of  outlet centers  and  stores.  In  addition,  the  number  of  entities  competing  to  acquire  or  develop  outlet  centers  has increased and may continue to increase in the future, which could increase demand for these outlet centers and the prices we must pay to acquire or develop them. Nevertheless, we believe the high barriers to entry in the outlet industry, including the need for extensive marketing programs to drive traffic to the centers and relationships with premier brands and retailers, will continue to limit the number of new outlet centers developed each year.

## Financial Information

We  have  one  reportable  operating  segment.  For  financial  information  regarding  our  segment,  see  our consolidated financial statements.

## Corporate and Regional Headquarters

We rent space in an office building in Greensboro, North Carolina where our corporate headquarters is located, as well as a regional office in New York, New York.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  maintain  offices  and  employ  on-site  management  at  32  consolidated  and unconsolidated outlet centers. The managers closely monitor the operation, marketing and local relationships at each of their outlet centers.

## Insurance

We believe that as a whole our properties are covered by adequate comprehensive liability, fire, flood, earthquake and  extended  loss  insurance  provided  by  reputable  companies  with  commercially  reasonable  and  customary deductibles and limits. Northline Indemnity, LLC, ("Northline"), a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, is responsible for losses up to certain levels for property damage (including wind damage from hurricanes) prior to third-party insurance coverage. Specified types and amounts of insurance are required to be carried by each tenant under their lease. There are however, types of losses, like those resulting from wars or nuclear radiation, which may either be uninsurable or not economically insurable in some or all of our locations. An  uninsured  loss  could  result  in  a  loss  to  us  of  both  our  capital  investment  and  anticipated  profits  from  the affected property.

## Our Core Values

Our Core Values are to consider community first, seek the success of others, act fairly and with integrity and make it happen.

Consider  Community First  -  Our  diverse  communities  are  the  heartbeat  of  our  business.  Our  decision-making must reflect the varied perspectives that contribute to making our Company a welcoming environment for all. We work to embrace these differences which strengthen Our Tanger. Our philanthropic and sustainable commitments exist to better all the communities we serve.

Seek the Success of Others - We are all in this together, and we believe true success can only be achieved when it  is experienced by our shoppers, retailers, and team members alike. We strive to create a culture of inclusion, where we can all be better - together.

Act Fairly and with Integrity - Our bond is strongest when we act with integrity and fairness in everything we do. Tanger's commitment to ethics lives throughout every level, interaction, and function of the organization, and is what we are known for.

Make it Happen - This is the Tanger state of mind, and it is deeply rooted in our heritage. We are empowered to take smart risks, innovate and to use our voices to advocate for our ideas and for others within our communities.

## Human Capital Resources

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  had  341  full-time  employees,  located  at  our  corporate  headquarters  in  North Carolina and 32 business offices. At that date, we also employed 262 part-time employees at various locations.  In 2022, 57% of our full-time workforce has been with us for five years or longer.

Our company has a Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council with representation from across the Company. The Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Council is deeply committed to creating and sustaining an organizational culture reflective of the collective mixture of unique experiences, perspectives, and viewpoints of our people, partners, and  communities  that  contribute  to  making  Tanger  an  environment  where  everyone  is  welcomed,  respected, heard, supported, and able to thrive. Embracing a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace is part of our Core Values, strengthening Our Tanger, supporting our efforts to better the communities we serve, and allowing us to be transformative in delivering compelling customer experiences.

One of our DEI Strategic Priorities is to Nurture a Diverse Tanger Community, including but not limited to driving equal  access,  opportunity,  and  advancement  for  customers,  partners,  stakeholders,  board  of  directors,  and  all current and future team members, growing the diverse representation of our shoppers and communities within our workforce. As of December 31, 2022, team members who identify as females made up 82% of field employees, 24% of our executive leadership team, and 77% of our total 603-person workforce. Racial minorities made up 26% of our total workforce in 2022. The Company's Board gender composition consisted of 22% members who identify as female and 22% of members with racial diversity.

We  focus  on  developing  strategies  that  enhance  an  environment  where  high  performance,  training  and expression  of  our  core  competencies  are  rewarded  and  publicly  recognized.  We  provide  numerous  training programs  which  include  topics  related  to,  among  other  things,  operational  training,  leadership  development, customer service and technology training. We recognize that motivation and rewards are different for individuals at  various  times  in  their  careers,  and  a  balanced  blend  of  monetary  and  non-monetary  rewards  can  generate valuable  business  results.  We  provide  employee  benefits  on  par  or  above  industry  standards.  In  addition,  we support employees with 40 hours per year of paid volunteer time off to encourage volunteering for worthwhile activities in their local communities. Part-time employees are included in our 401(k) plans, which offer immediate vesting and dollar-for-dollar matches for employee contributions up to 3%, and $0.50 for every dollar contributed on the next 2% deferred. Part-time employees also participate in paid time off (PTO) after five years of service and are eligible to participate in our accident and critical Illness voluntary benefits.

## Environment, Social and Governance ("ESG") Programs

We work to create long-term value for our shareholders, retail partners and employee team members while we support  strong  communities  and  work  towards  protecting  the  future  of  our  planet.  We  integrate  ESG  into  our business  practices  and  seek  to  address  the  issues  most  important  to  our  stakeholders.  Our  Core  Values  of Consider Community First, Seek the Success of Others, Act Fairly and with Integrity and Make it Happen form the foundation of our approach as we set goals to create positive social and economic impact while reducing our environmental footprint.

## Reporting frameworks

Our goal is to utilize best practices in every aspect of our business, including our disclosures and ESG reporting. We have utilized the standards of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) since 2016 and began integrating certain disclosures from the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB, now the Value Reporting Foundation) in 2019.  In  2021  and  2022,  we  disclosed  to  Global  Real  Estate  Sustainability  Benchmark  (GRESB)  and  CDP (formerly, the Carbon Disclosure Project). We are also currently assessing our climate-related governance and strategy to report in line with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and we became a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) in 2022.

## ESG governance

Our ESG Executive Committee leads the governance of ESG matters at our Company and is chaired by our General  Counsel.  Consisting  of  executives  from  various  functional  areas  of  our  Company,  including,  without limitation,  Operations,  Finance  and  People  and  Culture,  the  Executive  Committee  advises  on  the  Company's approach to ESG. The Executive Committee monitors progress toward achievement of goals and communicates priority ESG issues to senior leadership. Our full Board of Directors provides oversight for the ESG function, and, as appropriate, certain matters are considered by a specific committee of the Board of Directors.

## Priority ESG issues

Our  ESG  materiality  process  drives  strategy  on  environmental,  social,  economic  and  governance  topics.  We begin  by  identifying  opportunities  and  risks,  and  leverage  external  frameworks  and  engage  stakeholders, executives  and  our  Board  members  to  help  identify  key  ESG  issues.  These  key  issues  are  translated  into operational  priorities  and  processes  across  our  Company.  As  a  result  of  a  robust  materiality  assessment conducted by a third party in 2021, we have identified the following priority material issues that are of greatest relevance  to  the  Company  and  our  stakeholders:  Diversity,  Equity  and  Inclusion;  Energy  Use  and  Efficiency; Community Involvement; Climate Change and Tenants' Environmental and Social Footprint.

For the avoidance of doubt, while certain matters discussed in our ESG Report, ESG Policies and other ESGrelated disclosures may be significant, any significance should not be read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality as that concept is used for the purposes of our compliance and reporting pursuant to the U.S. federal securities laws and regulations. The concept of materiality used in our ESG disclosures, including as it is used above, is based on other definitions of materiality, some of which may require that we use a level of estimation and assumption that may make the resulting disclosures inherently uncertain. This is the case even where we use the word 'material' or 'materiality' in our ESG disclosures. Therefore, issues that we identify as 'material' from an ESG  perspective  are  not  necessarily  material  to  the  Company  under  the  U.S.  federal  securities  laws  and regulations.  The  contents  of  our  ESG  Report,  ESG  Policies  and  other  ESG-related  disclosures  are  not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K, and do not form a part of this Form 10-K.

## Government Regulations

We are subject to regulation by various federal, state, provincial and local agencies. These agencies include the Environmental Protection Agency, Occupational Safety and Health Administration and Department of Labor and Equal  Employment  Opportunity  Commission.  We  believe  we  comply,  in  all  material  respects,  with  existing applicable  statutes  and  regulations  affecting  environmental  issues  and  our  employment,  workplace  health  and workplace  safety  practices,  and  compliance  with  such  statutes  and  regulations  has  no  material  effect  on  our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position.

## ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS

Important risk factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods  are  described  below.  These  factors  are  not  intended  to  be  an  all-encompassing  list  of  risks  and uncertainties and are not the only risks and uncertainties we face. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods.

## Risks Related to Real Estate Investments

## The economic performance and the market value of our outlet centers are dependent on risks associated with real property investments.

Real property investments are subject to varying degrees of risk. The economic performance and values of real estate may be affected by many factors, including changes in the national, regional and local economic climate, inflation,  interest  rates,  changes  in  government  policies  and  regulations,  unemployment  rates,  consumer confidence, consumer shopping preferences, local conditions such as an oversupply of space or a reduction in demand for real estate in the area, the attractiveness of the properties to tenants, competition from other available space, our ability to provide adequate maintenance and insurance and increased operating costs.

## We may be unable to develop new outlet centers or expand existing outlet centers successfully.

We intend to continue to develop new outlet centers and expand existing outlet centers as opportunities arise and are in the process of developing a new outlet center in Nashville, Tennessee. However, there are significant risks associated  with  our  development  activities  in  addition  to  those  generally  associated  with  the  ownership  and operation of established retail properties. While we have policies in place designed to limit the risks associated with  development,  these  policies  do  not  mitigate  all  development  risks  associated  with  a  project.  These  risks include the following:

- significant expenditure of money and time on projects that may be delayed or never be completed;
- higher than projected construction costs;
- shortage of construction materials and supplies;
- failure  to  obtain  zoning,  occupancy  or  other  governmental  approvals  or  to  the  extent  required,  tenant approvals; and
- late  completion  because  of  construction  delays,  delays  in  the  receipt  of  zoning,  occupancy  and  other approvals or other factors outside of our control.

Any or all of these factors may impede our development strategy and adversely affect our overall business.

## Real property investments are relatively illiquid.

Our outlet  centers  represent  a  substantial  portion  of  our  total  consolidated  assets. These  assets  are  relatively illiquid. As a result, our ability to sell one or more of our outlet centers in response to any changes in economic or other conditions is limited. If we want to sell an outlet center, there can be no assurance that we will be able to dispose of it in the desired time period or that the sales price will exceed the cost of our investment.

## Properties  have  been  in  the  past  and  may  be  in  the  future  subject  to  impairment  charges  which  can adversely affect our financial results.

We periodically evaluate long-lived assets to determine if there has been any impairment in their carrying values or  if  there  are  other  indicators  of  impairment  and  record  impairment  losses  if  the  undiscounted  cash  flows estimated  to  be  generated  by  those  assets  are  less  than  their  carrying  amounts.  If  it  is  determined  that  an impairment has occurred, we would be required to record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the asset's carrying value over its estimated fair value, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results in the accounting period in which the adjustment is made. Our estimates of undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by each property are based on a number of assumptions that are subject to economic and market uncertainties including, but not limited to, estimated hold period, terminal capitalization rates, demand for space, competition for tenants, changes in market rental rates and costs to operate each property. As these factors are difficult to predict and are subject to future events that may alter our assumptions, the future cash flows estimated in our impairment analysis may not be achieved.

Also,  we  assess  whether  there  are  any  indicators  that  the  value  of  our  investments  in  unconsolidated  joint ventures  may  be  impaired.  An  investment  is  impaired  only  if  management's  estimate  of  the  value  of  the investment is less than the carrying value of the investments, and such decline in value is deemed to be other than  temporary.  To  the  extent  impairment  has  occurred,  the  loss  is  measured  as  the  excess  of  the  carrying amount of the investment over the estimated fair value of the investment. Our estimates of value for each joint venture investment are based on a number of assumptions that are subject to economic and market uncertainties including, among others, estimated hold period, terminal capitalization rates, demand for space, competition for tenants, discount and capitalization rates, changes in market rental rates and operating costs of the property. As these factors are difficult to predict and are subject to future events that may alter our assumptions, the values estimated by us in our impairment analysis may not be realized.

In the current and recent years, we have recorded impairment charges related to both our long-lived assets and our  investments  in  consolidated  joint  ventures.  In  addition,  based  upon  current  market  conditions,  one  of  our outlet  centers  has  an  estimated  fair  value  significantly  less  than  its  recorded  carrying  value  of  approximately $113.0 million. However, based on our current plan with respect to that outlet center, we believe that its carrying amount is recoverable and therefore no impairment charge was recorded. Accordingly, we will continue to monitor circumstances and events in future periods that could affect inputs such as the expected holding period, operating cash flow forecasts and capitalization rates, utilized to determine whether an impairment charge is necessary. As these inputs are difficult to predict and are subject to future events that may alter our assumptions, the future cash flows estimated by management in its impairment analysis may not be achieved, and actual losses or impairment may be realized in the future.

## Dispositions may not achieve anticipated results.

From time to time, we have strategically disposed of assets, and may dispose of additional assets in the future, with the goal of improving the overall performance of our core portfolio. However, we may not achieve the results we originally anticipated at the time of disposition. If we are not successful at achieving the anticipated results, there is a potential for a significant adverse impact on our returns and our overall profitability.

## We face competition for the acquisition and development of outlet centers, and we may not be able to complete acquisitions or developments that we have identified.

We intend to grow our business in part through acquisitions and new developments. We compete with institutional pension funds, private equity investors, other REITs, small owners of outlet centers, specialty stores and others who are engaged in the acquisition, development or ownership of outlet centers and stores. These competitors may succeed in acquiring or developing outlet centers themselves. Also, our potential acquisition targets may find our  competitors  to  be  more  attractive  acquirers  because  they  may  have  greater  marketing  and  financial resources, may be willing to pay more, or may have a more compatible operating philosophy. If we pay higher prices  for  outlet  centers,  our  profitability  may  be  reduced. Also,  once  we  have  identified  potential  acquisitions, such  acquisitions  are  subject  to  the  successful  completion  of  due  diligence,  the  negotiation  of  definitive agreements and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to reach acceptable terms with the sellers or that these conditions will be satisfied.

## We may be subject to environmental regulation.

Under  various  federal,  state  and  local  laws,  ordinances  and  regulations,  we  may  be  considered  an  owner  or operator of real property and may be responsible for paying for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances released on or in our property or disposed of by us, as well as certain other potential costs which could relate to hazardous or toxic substances (including governmental fines and injuries to persons and property). This liability may be imposed whether or not we knew about, or were responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances.

## Possible  terrorist  activity,  other  acts  or  threats  of  violence,  public  health  crises  and  threats  to  public safety could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Terrorist attacks and threats of terrorist attacks, whether in the United States, Canada or elsewhere, or other acts or  threats  of  violence  may  result  in  declining  economic  activity,  which  could  harm  the  demand  for  goods  and services  offered  by  our  tenants  and  the  value  of  our  properties  and  might  adversely  affect  the  value  of  an investment in  our  securities.  Similarly,  public  health  crises  may  negatively  impact  consumer  spending.  Such  a resulting  decrease  in  retail  demand  could  make  it  difficult  for  us  to  renew  or  re-lease  our  properties  and  may adversely impact our results of operations to the extent our revenues are dependent on variable revenue sources.

Terrorist activities or violence also could directly affect the value of our properties through damage, destruction or loss. In addition, these acts and threats might erode business and consumer confidence and spending, and might result  in  increased  volatility  in  national  and  international  financial  markets  and  economies.  Any  one  of  these events might decrease demand for real estate, decrease or delay the occupancy of our properties, impair the ability of tenants to meet their obligations under their existing leases, limit our access to capital, increase our cost of raising capital and/or give rise to third party claims.

## Risks Related to our Business

The  current  COVID-19  pandemic  has  negatively  affected  and  may  continue  to  negatively  affect  our business,  financial  condition,  liquidity  and  results  of  operations  and  those  of  our  tenants.  Other pandemics or public health crises may have similar adverse impacts.

The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and likely will continue to have, repercussions across local, national and global economies and financial markets. COVID-19 has impacted all states where our tenants operate their businesses or  where  our  properties  are  located  and  measures  taken  to  prevent  the  spread  of  or  remediate  outbreaks  of COVID-19 have had an adverse effect on our business and the businesses of our tenants.

Our  financial  results  for  2020  were  materially  adversely  impacted  by  COVID-19.  During  2021  and  2022,  our business  and  financial  results  improved,  and  metrics  such  as  average  overall  occupancy  rates,  traffic  to  our centers, sales reported by our tenants, and collections of rental revenues returned to near, at, or in some cases above, pre-pandemic levels. Nevertheless, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our financial  condition,  results  of  operations  and  cash  flows  will  depend  on  future  developments  which  are  highly uncertain  and  cannot  be  predicted  with  confidence,  including  the  direct  and  indirect  economic  effects  of  the pandemic and on consumers, among others.

The COVID-19 pandemic, or a future pandemic or other public health crisis, could also have material and adverse effects on our ability to successfully operate and on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows due to, among other factors:

- Reduced economic activity that could result in a prolonged recession and may consequently negatively impact consumer discretionary spending, which could impact our tenants' ability to fund their business operations and meet their obligations to us as well as reduce variable rents;
- Difficulty accessing debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all;
- Any inability  to  comply  with  financial  covenants  of  our  credit  facility  and  other  debt  agreements  which could result in a default and potentially an acceleration of indebtedness;
- Any impairment in value of our tangible or intangible assets;
- A general decline in business activity and demand for real estate transactions could adversely affect our ability or desire to grow our portfolio of properties or dispose of properties at a net gain, as applicable.

- A deterioration in our or our tenants' ability to operate in affected areas or delays in the supply of products or services to us or our tenants from vendors that are needed for our or our tenants' operations;
- Requiring employees to work remotely and/or the potential negative impact on the health of our personnel could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity.

## Our earnings and therefore our profitability are dependent on rental income from real property.

Substantially  all  of  our  income  is  derived  from  rental  income  from  real  property.  Our  income  and  funds  for distribution  would  be  adversely  affected  if  rental  rates  at  our  centers  decrease,  if  a  significant  number  of  our tenants were unable to meet their obligations to us or if we were unable to lease a significant amount of space in our  outlet  centers  on  economically  favorable  lease  terms.  In  addition,  the  terms  of  outlet  store  tenant  leases traditionally  have  been significantly shorter than in other retail segments. There can be no assurance that any tenant  whose  lease  expires  in  the  future  will  renew  such  lease  or  that  we  will  be  able  to  re-lease  space  on economically favorable terms.

## We are substantially dependent on the results of operations of our retail tenants and their bankruptcy, early termination or closing could adversely affect us.

Our operations are subject to the results of operations of our retail tenants. A portion of our rental revenues are derived from percentage rents that directly depend on the sales volume of certain tenants. Accordingly, declines in these  tenants'  results  of  operations  would  reduce  the  income  produced  by  our  properties.  If  the  sales  or profitability of our retail tenants decline sufficiently, whether due to a change in consumer preferences, the current macroeconomic environment, legislative changes that increase the cost of their operations, supply chain issues or otherwise,  such  tenants  may  be  unable  to  pay  their  existing  rents  as  such  rents  would  represent  a  higher percentage of their sales. Any resulting leasing delays, failures to make payments or tenant bankruptcies could result in the termination of such tenants' leases.

A number of companies in the retail industry, including some of our tenants, have declared bankruptcy or have voluntarily  closed  all  or  certain  of  their  stores  in  recent  years.  The  bankruptcy  of  a  major  tenant  or  number  of tenants may result in the closing of certain affected stores or reduction of rent for stores that remain operating. For example,  in  2019  and  2020,  our  revenues  were  adversely  affected  by  higher  than  historical  averages  of bankruptcy filings and other tenant closures during those periods. In addition, certain of our lease agreements include co-tenancy and/or sales-based provisions that may allow a tenant to pay reduced rent and/or terminate a lease  prior  to  its  natural  expiration  if  we  fail  to  maintain  certain  occupancy  levels  or  retain  specified  named tenants,  or  if  the  tenant  does  not  achieve  certain  specified  sales  targets.  Our  occupancy  at  our  consolidated centers has increased from 95% at the end of 2021 to 97% at the end of 2022. If our occupancy declines, certain outlet centers may fall below the minimum co-tenancy thresholds and could trigger many tenants ability to pay reduced rents, which in turn may negatively impact our results of operations.

Re-leasing this space may take longer than our historical experience. In addition, we may be unable to replace the space at equal or greater rent, and/or we may incur significant tenant allowances to induce tenants to enter into leases. As such, the closings of a significant amount of stores could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and could result in a lower level of funds for distribution.

## Certain of our properties are subject to ownership interests held by third parties, whose interests may conflict  with  ours  and  thereby  constrain  us  from  taking  actions  concerning  these  properties  which otherwise would be in our best interests and our shareholders' interests.

We own partial interests in outlet centers with various joint venture partners. The approval or consent of the other members  of  these  joint  ventures  is  required  before  we  may  sell,  finance,  expand  or  make  other  significant changes  in  the  operations  of  these  properties.  We  also  may  not  have  control  over  certain  major  decisions, including  approval  of  the  annual  operating  budgets,  selection  or  termination  of  the  property  management company, leasing  and  the  timing  and  amount  of  distributions,  which  could  result  in  decisions  that  do  not  fully reflect our interests. To the extent such approvals or consents are required, we may experience difficulty in, or may be prevented from, implementing our plans and strategies with respect to expansion, development, property management,  on-going  operations,  financing  (for  example,  decisions  as  to  whether  to  refinance  or  obtain financing, when and whether to pay down principal of any loan and whether and how to cure any defaults under loan documents) or other similar transactions with respect to such properties.

## We face risks associated with climate change.

To  the  extent  climate  change  causes  changes  in  weather  patterns,  our  properties  in  certain  markets  could experience,  among  other  impacts,  increases  in  storm  intensity,  rising  sea  levels  and  other  natural  disasters. Approximately, 47% of the square footage of our consolidated portfolio are in a coastal areas, which are at risk to be impacted by storms intensity and 16% of the square footage of our consolidated portfolio are in areas that are at  risk  to  be  impacted  by  rising  sea  levels.  Over  time,  these  conditions  could  result  in  volatile  or  decreased demand for retail space at certain of our properties or, in extreme cases, our inability to operate the properties at all.  Climate  change  may  also  have  indirect  effects  on  our  business  by  increasing  the  cost  of  (or  making unavailable) insurance on favorable terms, or at all, increasing the cost of energy at our properties or requiring us to spend funds to repair and protect our properties against such risks. Moreover, compliance with new laws or regulations related to climate change, including compliance with 'green' building codes, may require us to make improvements to our existing properties or increase taxes and fees assessed on us or our properties.

## The  increasing  focus  on  environmental,  sustainability  and  social  initiatives  could  increase  our  costs, harm our reputation and adversely impact our financial results.

There has been increasing public focus by investors, environmental activists, the media and governmental and nongovernmental organizations on a variety of environmental, social and other sustainability matters. We may make commitments relating to sustainability matters that affect us, including the design and implementation of specific  risk  mitigation  strategic  initiatives  relating  to  sustainability.  If  we  are  not  effective  in  addressing environmental,  social  and  other  sustainability  matters  affecting  our  business,  or  setting  and  meeting  relevant sustainability goals, our reputation may suffer. In addition, we may experience increased costs in order to execute upon our sustainability goals and measure achievement of those goals, which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition.

## An uninsured loss or a loss that exceeds our insurance policies on our outlet centers or the insurance policies of our tenants could subject us to lost capital and revenue on those outlet centers.

Some of the risks to which our outlet centers are subject, including risks of terrorist attacks, war, earthquakes, hurricanes and other natural disasters, are not insurable or may not be insurable in the future. Should a loss occur that is uninsured or in an amount exceeding the combined aggregate limits for the insurance policies noted above or in the event of a loss that is subject to a substantial deductible under an insurance policy, we could lose all or part  of  our  capital  invested  in  and  anticipated  revenue  from  one  or  more  of  our  outlet  centers,  which  could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, as well as our ability to make distributions to our shareholders.

Under the terms and conditions of our leases, tenants generally are required to indemnify and hold us harmless from  liabilities  resulting  from  injury  to  persons  and  contamination  of  air,  water,  land  or  property,  on  or  off  the premises, due to activities conducted in the leased space, except for claims arising from negligence or intentional misconduct by us or our agents. Additionally, tenants generally are required, at the tenant's expense, to obtain and keep in full  force  during  the  term  of  the  lease,  liability  and  property  damage  insurance  policies  issued  by companies  acceptable  to  us.  These  policies  include  liability  coverage  for  bodily  injury  and  property  damage arising  out  of  the  ownership,  use,  occupancy  or  maintenance  of  the  leased  space.  All  of  these  policies  may involve  substantial  deductibles  and  certain  exclusions.  Therefore,  an  uninsured  loss  or  loss  that  exceeds  the insurance policies of our tenants could also subject us to lost capital and revenue.

## Consumer spending habits have changed and may continue to evolve.

Certain  retailers  have  experienced,  and  may  continue  to  experience  for  the  foreseeable  future  considerable decreases in customer traffic in their retail stores, increased competition, and other forms of pressure on their business  models.  As  pressure  on  such  retailers  increases,  their  ability  to  maintain  their  stores,  meet  their obligations  both  to  us  and  to  their  external  lenders  and  suppliers,  withstand  takeover  attempts  by  investors  or rivals or avoid bankruptcy and/or liquidation may be impaired, adversely impacting our results of operations to the extent our revenues are dependent on variable revenue sources, and resulting in closures of their stores or their seeking a lease modification with us. Any lease renewal or modification could be unfavorable to us as the lessor and could decrease rents or expense recovery charges.

## Our  Canadian  investments  may  subject  us  to  different  or  greater  risk  from  those  associated  with  our domestic operations.

As of December 31, 2022, through a co-ownership arrangement with a Canadian REIT, we have an ownership interest  in  two  properties  in  Canada.  Our  operating  results  and  the  value  of  our  Canadian  operations  may  be impacted by any unhedged movements in the Canadian dollar. Canadian ownership activities carry risks that are different from those we face with our domestic properties. These risks include:

- adverse effects of changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. and Canadian dollar;
- changes in Canadian political and economic environments, regionally, nationally, and locally;
- challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws;
- changes in applicable laws and regulations in the United States that affect foreign operations;
- property management services being provided directly by our 50/50 co-owner, not by us; and
- obstacles to the repatriation of earnings and cash.

Any  or  all  of  these  factors  may  adversely  impact  our  operations  and  financial  results,  as  well  as  our  overall business.

## Our  success  significantly  depends  on  our  key  personnel  and  our  ability  to  attract  and  retain  key personnel.

Our  success  depends  upon  the  personal  efforts  and  abilities  of  our  senior  management  team  and  other  key personnel.  Although  we  believe  we  have  a  strong  management  team  with  relevant  industry  expertise,  the extended loss of the services of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on the securities markets' view of our prospects and materially harm our business. Also, our success and the achievement of our goals are dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified employees.

## We may from time to time be subject to litigation that could negatively impact our financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and the trading price of our Common Shares.

We may from time to time be a defendant in lawsuits and regulatory proceedings relating to our business. Such litigation and proceedings may result in defense costs, settlements, fines or judgments against us, some of which may not be covered by insurance. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such litigation or proceedings. An unfavorable outcome may result  in  our  having  to  pay  significant  fines,  judgments  or  settlements,  which,  if  uninsured,  or  if  exceeding insurance  coverage,  could  adversely  impact  our  financial  condition,  cash  flows,  results  of  operations  and  the trading price of our Common Shares. Additionally, certain proceedings or the resolution of certain proceedings may affect the availability or cost of some of our insurance coverage and expose us to increased risks that would be uninsured. See Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements, updated by our subsequent filings with the SEC, for a discussion of pending litigation, if any.

## Risks Related to our Indebtedness and Financial Markets

## We are subject to the risks associated with debt financing.

We are subject to risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that the cash provided by our operating activities  will  be  insufficient  to  meet  required  payments  of  principal  and  interest.  Disruptions  in  the  capital  and credit markets may adversely affect our operations, including the ability to fund planned capital expenditures and potential new developments or acquisitions. Further, there is the risk that we will not be able to repay or refinance existing  indebtedness  or  that  the  terms  of  any  refinancing  will  not  be  as  favorable  as  the  terms  of  existing indebtedness. If we are unable to access capital markets to refinance our indebtedness on acceptable terms, we might be forced to dispose of properties on disadvantageous terms, which might result in losses.

## The Operating Partnership guarantees debt or otherwise provides support for a number of joint venture properties.

Joint venture debt is the liability of the joint venture and is typically secured by a mortgage on the joint venture property. A default by a joint venture under its debt obligations may expose us to liability under a guaranty. We may elect to fund cash needs of a joint venture through equity contributions (generally on a basis proportionate to our ownership interests), advances or partner loans, although such funding is not typically required contractually or otherwise.

## Our interest rate hedging arrangements may not effectively limit our interest rate risk exposure.

We manage our exposure to interest rate risk by periodically entering into interest rate hedging agreements to effectively fix a portion of our variable rate debt. Our use of interest rate hedging arrangements to manage risk associated with interest rate volatility may expose us to additional risks, including that a counterparty to a hedging arrangement may fail  to  honor  its  obligations.  We  enter  into  swaps  that  are  exempt  from  the  requirements  of central  clearing  and/or  trading  on  a  designated  contract  market  or  swap  execution  facility  pursuant  to  the applicable  regulations  and  rules,  and  thus  there  may  be  more  counterparty  risk  relative  to  others  who  do  not utilize  such  exemption.  Developing  an  effective  interest  rate  risk  strategy  is  complex  and  no  strategy  can completely insulate us from risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations or financial condition. We might  be  subject  to  additional  costs,  such  as  transaction  fees  or  breakage  costs,  if  we  terminate  these arrangements.

## The market price of our common shares or other securities may fluctuate significantly in response to many factors.

Factors that could cause our securities to fluctuate significantly include but are not limited to; actual or anticipated variations in our operating results; cash flows or liquidity; changes in our earnings estimates or those of analysts; changes  in  our  dividend  policy;  impairment  charges  affecting  the  carrying  value  of  one  or  more  of  our  outlet centers;  changes  in  the  general  retail  environment  and  macroeconomic  conditions;  industry  trends,  such  as consolidation; shareholder activism and bankruptcy or brand-wide restructurings of retailers. In addition, a large proportion  of  our  common  shares  has  been  and  may  continue  to  be  traded  by  short  sellers  which  may  put pressure on the supply and demand for our common shares.

## We could face adverse consequences as a result of the actions of activist shareholders.

In  recent  years,  proxy contests and other forms of shareholder activism have been directed against numerous public companies. Shareholders may engage in proxy solicitations, advance shareholder proposals, or otherwise attempt to effect changes in or acquire control over us. Campaigns by shareholders to effect changes at publicly traded  companies  are  sometimes  led  by  investors  seeking  to  increase  short-term  shareholder  value  through actions such as financial restructuring, increased debt, special dividends, share repurchases, or sales of assets or the  entire  company.  Shareholder  activists  may  also  seek  to  involve  themselves  in  the  governance,  strategic direction and operations of the company. If a shareholder, by itself or in conjunction with other shareholders or as part of a group, engages in activist activities with respect to us, our business could be adversely affected because responding  to  proxy  contests  and  other  actions  by  activist  shareholders  can  be  costly  and  time-consuming, potentially  disrupting  operations  and  diverting  the  attention  of  our  Board  of  Directors,  senior  management  and employees from the execution of business strategies. In addition, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction might result in the loss of potential business opportunities and harm our ability to attract new tenants, customers and investors. If individuals are elected to our Board of Directors with a specific agenda, it might adversely affect our ability to effectively and timely implement our strategies and initiatives and to retain and attract experienced executives and employees. Finally, we might experience a significant increase in legal fees and administrative and associated costs incurred in connection with responding to a proxy contest or related action. These actions could also negatively affect our share price.

## Risks Related to Federal Income Tax Laws

## The Company's failure to qualify as a REIT could subject our earnings to corporate level taxation.

We believe that we have operated and intend to operate in a manner that permits the Company to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Internal Revenue Code"). However, we cannot assure you that the Company has qualified or will remain qualified as a REIT. If in any taxable year the Company were to fail to qualify as a REIT and certain statutory relief provisions were not applicable, the Company would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to shareholders in computing taxable income and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at the regular corporate rate. Also, we could be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost. Accordingly, the Company's failure to qualify for taxation as a REIT would result in a significant reduction in cash available for distribution  to  our  shareholders,  and  thus  may  adversely  affect  the  market  price  and  marketability  of  our securities.

## The Company is required by law to make distributions to our shareholders.

To  obtain  the  favorable  tax  treatment  associated  with  the  Company's  qualification  as  a  REIT,  generally,  the Company is required to distribute to its shareholders at least 90% of its net taxable income (excluding capital gains) each year. The Company depends upon distributions or other payments from the Operating Partnership to make distributions to the Company's common shareholders. The Company is allowed to satisfy the REIT income distribution requirement by distributing up to 80% of the dividends on its common shares in the form of additional common shares in lieu of paying dividends entirely in cash. Although we reserve the right to utilize this procedure in the future, we currently have no intent to do so.

## Federal or state legislative or other actions could adversely affect our shareholders.

Future changes to tax laws may adversely affect the taxation of the REIT, its subsidiaries or its shareholders. These changes could have an adverse effect on an investment in our shares or on the market value or the resale potential of our assets.

These potential  changes  could  generally  result  in  REITs  having  fewer  tax  advantages  and  may  lead  REITs  to determine  that  it  would  be  more  advantageous  to  elect  to  be  taxed,  for  federal  income  tax  purposes,  as  a corporation.

Additionally, not all states automatically conform to changes in the Internal Revenue Code. This could increase the complexity of our compliance costs and may subject us to additional tax and audit risk.

## Risks Related to our Organizational Structure

## The Company depends on distributions from the Operating Partnership to meet its financial obligations, including dividends.

The Company's operations are conducted by the Operating Partnership, and the Company's only significant asset is  its  interest  in  the  Operating  Partnership.  As  a  result,  the  Company  depends  upon  distributions  or  other payments from the Operating Partnership in order to meet its financial obligations, including its obligations under any  guarantees  or  to  pay  dividends  or  liquidation  payments  to  its  common  shareholders.  As  a  result,  these obligations  are  effectively  subordinated  to  existing  and  future  liabilities  of  the  Operating  Partnership.  The Operating  Partnership  is  a  party  to  loan  agreements  with  various  bank  lenders  that  require  the  Operating Partnership  to  comply  with  various  financial  and  other  covenants  before  it  may  make  distributions  to  the Company.  Although  the  Operating  Partnership  presently  is  in  compliance  with  these  covenants,  there  is  no assurance  that  the  Operating  Partnership  will  continue  to  be  in  compliance  and  that  it  will  be  able  to  make distributions to the Company.

## Risks Related to Cyber Security

Cyber-attacks  or  acts  of  cyber-terrorism  could  disrupt  our  or  our  third-party  providers'  business operations  and  information  technology  systems  or  result  in  the  loss  or  exposure  of  confidential  or sensitive customer, employee or Company information.

Our information technology systems have been and may in the future be attacked or breached by individuals or organizations intending to obtain sensitive data regarding our business, customers, employees, tenants or other third parties with whom we do business or disrupt our business operations and information technology systems. While  we  maintain  some  of  our  own  critical  information  technology  systems,  we  also  depend  on  third-party providers for important information technology software, products and services relating to several key business functions,  such  as  payroll,  electronic  communications  and  certain  accounting  and  finance  functions,  among others. Many of these providers have likewise experienced and expect to continue to experience cyberattacks and other security incidents.

A  security  compromise  of  our  or  our  critical  providers'  information  technology  systems  or  business  operations could occur through cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the Internet, malware, ransomware, computer viruses, attachments  to  e-mails,  persons  inside  our  organization,  or  persons  with  access  to  systems  inside  our organization, due to malicious conduct, human error, negligence, and social engineering, as well as due to bugs, coding misconfigurations or other software vulnerabilities. Like many companies, we have experienced intrusions and threats to data and information technology systems, and the risk of a future security breach or disruption, particularly  through  cyber-attacks  or  cyber-intrusion,  including  by  computer  hackers,  foreign  governments,  and cyber  terrorists,  has  generally  increased  as  the  number,  intensity  and  sophistication  of  attempted  attacks  and intrusions from around the world have increased. We use information technology systems to manage our outlet centers  and  other  business  processes.  Disruption  of  those  systems,  for  example,  due  to  ransomware,  could adversely impact our ability to operate our business to provide timely service to our customers and maintain our relationships with our tenants. Accordingly, if such an attack or act of terrorism were to occur, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected. In addition, we use our information technology systems to protect confidential or sensitive customer, employee and Company information developed and maintained in the normal course  of  our  business.  Certain  of  these  systems  have  been  attacked,  and  any  attack  on  such  systems  that results  in  the  unauthorized  release  or  loss  of  customer,  employee  or  other  confidential  or  sensitive  data  could have a material  adverse  effect  on  our  business  reputation,  increase  our  costs  of  remediation  and  compliance (particularly in light of increased regulation of corporate data privacy and cybersecurity practices) and expose us to  material  legal  claims  and  liability  by  private  litigants  (including  class  actions)  and  regulatory  agencies.  If  the unauthorized  release  or  loss  of  customer,  employee  or  other  confidential  or  sensitive  data  were  to  occur,  our operations and financial results and our share price could also be adversely affected.

Our  measures  to  prevent,  detect  and  mitigate  cyber  threats,  including  password  protection,  firewalls,  backup servers, threat monitoring and periodic penetration testing, may not be successful in preventing a data breach or limiting the effects of a breach or disruptive cyberattack. Furthermore, the security measures employed by thirdparty service providers may prove to be ineffective at preventing breaches of their systems, which in turn may impact our business and operations. We expect the frequency and intensity of cyberattacks to escalate in the future, particularly as threat actors become more sophisticated, for example, by deploying tools and techniques that  are  specifically  designed  to  circumvent  controls,  to  evade  detection,  and  even  to  remove  or  obfuscate forensic  evidence,  all  of  which  impedes  our  ability  to  detect,  identify,  investigate  and  remediate  against cyberattacks.  Continued  remote  and  hybrid  working  arrangements  also  present  additional  cybersecurity  risks given the prevalence of social engineering and vulnerabilities that are inherent in many non-corporate and home networks.  In addition, laws, regulations, regulatory frameworks and industry standards related to cybersecurity and  data  privacy  issues  are  developing  rapidly,  which  may  pose  complex  compliance  challenges,  lead  to increased  costs  and  potentially  subject  us  to  liability  for  violations.  While  we  carry  insurance  related  to cybersecurity events, our policies may not cover all of the costs and liabilities that could be incurred as the result of cyberattack or other security incident.

## ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

There are no unresolved staff comments from the SEC for either the Company or the Operating Partnership.

## ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated portfolio consisted of 29 outlet centers totaling 11.4 million square feet located  in  18  states  and  one  center  under  construction.  We  own  interests  in  six  other  outlet  centers  totaling approximately  2.1  million  square  feet  through  unconsolidated  joint  ventures,  including  two  outlet  centers  in Canada. Our portfolio also includes one managed center totaling approximately 500,000 square feet.  Each of our outlet centers, except one joint venture property, features the Tanger brand name. Our consolidated outlet centers range  in  size  from  181,687  to  739,148  square  feet.  The  outlet  centers  are  generally  located  near  tourist destinations or along major interstate highways to provide visibility and accessibility to potential customers.

We believe that the outlet centers are well diversified geographically and by tenant and that we are not dependent upon any single property or tenant. The outlet center in Deer Park, New York is the only property that comprises 10% or more of our consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2022. No property comprises more than 10% of our  consolidated  revenues  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022.  See  "Properties  -  Significant  Property"  for further details.

We have an ongoing strategy of acquiring outlet centers, developing new outlet centers and expanding existing outlet centers. See 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity  and  Capital  Resources'  for  a  discussion  of  the  cost  of  such  programs  and  the  sources  of  financing thereof.

As of December 31, 2022, of the 29 outlet centers in our consolidated portfolio, we own the land underlying 23 and have ground leases on six. The following table sets forth information about the land leases on which all or a portion of the outlet centers are located:

| Outlet Center  Acres  Expiration  Expiration  including  renewal terms at  our option  Myrtle Beach Hwy 17, SC  40.0  2027  2096  Atlantic City, NJ  21.3  2100  2101  Sevierville, TN  43.6  2086  2086  Riverhead, NY  47.0  2024  2039  Mashantucket, CT (Foxwoods)  8.1  2039  2089  Rehoboth Beach, DE  2.7  2044  2064   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Generally, our leases with our outlet center tenants typically have an initial term that ranges from 5 to 10 years and provide for the payment of fixed monthly rent in advance. There are often contractual base rent increases during the initial term of the lease. In addition, the rental payments are customarily subject to upward adjustments based  upon  tenant  sales  volume.  A  component  of  most  leases  includes  a  pro-rata  share  or  escalating  fixed contributions  by  the  tenant  for  property  operating  expenses,  including  common  area  maintenance,  real  estate taxes, insurance and advertising and promotion, thereby reducing exposure to increases in operating expenses resulting from inflation.

The  following  table  summarizes  certain  information  with  respect  to  our  consolidated  outlet  centers  as  of December 31, 2022:

| State  Number of  Outlet  Centers  Square  Feet  %  of Square  Feet  South Carolina  5  1,605,812  14  New York  2  1,468,429  13  Georgia  3  1,121,579  10  Pennsylvania  3  999,442  9  Texas  2  823,557  7  Michigan  2  671,571  6  Alabama  1  554,736  5  Delaware  1  550,921  5  New Jersey  1  487,718  4  Tennessee  1  449,968  4  Arizona  1  410,753  3  Florida  1  351,691  3  Missouri  1  329,861  3  Mississippi  1  324,801  3  Louisiana  1  321,066  3  North Carolina  1  319,762  3  Connecticut  1  311,229  3  New Hampshire  1  250,558  2  Total  29  11,353,454  100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table summarizes certain information with respect to our existing outlet centers in which we have an ownership interest as of December 31, 2022. Except as noted, all properties are fee owned:

| Location  Legal  Ownership  %  Square  Feet  %  Occupied  Consolidated Outlet Centers  Deer Park, New York  100  739,148  100  Riverhead, New York  (1)  100  729,281  93  Foley, Alabama  100  554,736  94  Rehoboth Beach, Delaware  (1)  100  550,921  96  Atlantic City, New Jersey  (1) (3)  100  487,718  90  San Marcos, Texas  100  471,816  96  Sevierville, Tennessee  (1)  100  449,968  100  Savannah, Georgia  100  429,089  100  Myrtle Beach Hwy 501, South Carolina  100  426,523  98  Glendale, Arizona (Westgate)  100  410,753  100  Myrtle Beach Hwy 17, South Carolina  (1)  100  404,710  100  Charleston, South Carolina  100  386,328  100  Lancaster, Pennsylvania  100  375,883  100  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania  100  373,863  96  Commerce, Georgia  100  371,408  99  Grand Rapids, Michigan  100  357,133  91  Fort Worth, Texas  100  351,741  99  Daytona Beach, Florida  100  351,691  100  Branson, Missouri  100  329,861  100  Southaven, Mississippi  (2) (3)  50  324,801  100  Locust Grove, Georgia  100  321,082  99  Gonzales, Louisiana  100  321,066  100  Mebane, North Carolina  100  319,762  100  Howell, Michigan  100  314,438  84  Mashantucket, Connecticut (Foxwoods)  (1)  100  311,229  86  Tilton, New Hampshire  100  250,558  94  Hershey, Pennsylvania  100  249,696  100  Hilton Head II, South Carolina  100  206,564  99  Hilton Head I, South Carolina  100  181,687  99  Total  11,353,454  97   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) These properties or a portion thereof are subject to a ground lease.

(2) Based on capital  contribution  and  distribution  provisions  in  the  joint  venture  agreement,  we  expect  our  economic interest  in  the  venture's  cash  flow  to  be  greater  than  our  legal  ownership  percentage.  We  currently  receive substantially all the economic interest of the property.

(3) Property encumbered by mortgage. See Notes 7 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further details of our debt obligations.

| Location  Legal  Ownership  %  Square  Feet  %  Occupied  Unconsolidated joint venture properties  Charlotte, North Carolina  (1)  50  398,698  98  Ottawa, Ontario  50  357,209  96  Columbus, Ohio  (1)  50  355,245  100  Texas City, Texas (Galveston/Houston)  (1)  50  352,705  96  National Harbor, Maryland  (1)  50  341,156  100  Cookstown, Ontario  50  307,883  98  Total  2,112,896  98   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Property encumbered by mortgage. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further details of our joint ventures' debt obligations.

| Location  Square  Feet  Managed Properties  Palm Beach, Florida  457,326   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Base Rents and Occupancy Rates

The following table sets forth our year end occupancy and average annual base rent per square foot during each of the last five calendar years for our consolidated outlet centers:

| 2022  2021  2020  (2)  2019  2018  Occupancy  97 %  95 %  92 %  97 %  97 %  Average annual base rent per square foot  $ 25.25  $ 23.79  $  21.10  $  25.35  $ 25.51   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Average annual base rent per square foot is calculated based on base rental revenues recognized during the year on a  straight-line  basis  including  non-cash  adjustments  to  base  rent  required  by  United  States  Generally  Accepted Accounting  Principles  ("GAAP")  and  the  effects  of  inducements  and  rent  concessions  divided  by  the  weighted average square feet of the consolidated portfolio. Average annual base rent excludes common area maintenance and reimbursements.

(2) The decline in the average annual base rent per square foot in 2020 compared to previous years reflects the decline in  occupancy from 97% in 2019 to 92% in 2020 and rent modifications primarily due to a number of tenants filing bankruptcy during 2020.

## Lease Expirations

The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, scheduled lease expirations for our consolidated outlet centers, assuming none of the tenants exercise renewal options:

| Year  No. of  Leases  Expiring  Approx.  Square Feet  (in 000's)  (1)  Average  Annualized  Base Rent per  sq. ft  Annualized  Base Rent  (in 000's)  (2)  % of  Annualized  Base Rent  Represented  by Expiring  Leases  2023  316  1,606  24.75  39,739  17  2024  352  1,672  27.47  45,926  20  2025  317  1,580  25.89  40,899  18  2026  221  1,089  26.62  28,987  12  2027  200  1,011  28.72  29,045  12  2028  121  792  21.75  17,216  7  2029  84  346  26.22  9,062  4  2030  48  303  29.44  8,933  4  2031  27  140  23.43  3,270  1  2032  47  287  29.70  8,517  4  2033 and after  8  40  35.87  1,444  1  1,741  8,866  $  26.28  $  233,038  100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Excludes leases that have been entered into but which tenant has not yet taken possession, temporary leases and month-to-month  leases  totaling  in  the  aggregate  approximately  2.5  million  square  feet  of  our  consolidated  outlet centers.

(2) Annualized  base  rent  is  defined  as  the  minimum  monthly  payments  due  as  of  the  end  of  the  reporting  period annualized, excluding periodic contractual fixed increases. Includes rents which are based on a percentage of sales in lieu of fixed contractual rents.

Changes in rental  income  associated  with  individual  signed  leases  on  comparable  spaces  may  be  positive  or negative,  and  we  can  provide  no  assurance  that  the  rents  on  new  leases  or  renewals  of  existing  leases  will increase from current levels, if at all.

## Expiring leases

The following table sets forth information regarding the expiring leases for our consolidated outlet centers during each of the last five calendar years:

| Total Expiring  Renewed by Existing  Tenants  Year  (1)  Square  Feet  (in 000's)  % of  Total Outlet  Center  Square  Feet  (2)  Square  Feet  (in 000's)  % of  Expiring  Square  Feet  2022  1,968  17  1,559  79  2021  1,728  15  1,359  79  2020  1,526  13  1,096  72  2019  1,320  11  1,020  81  2018  1,742  13  1,418  81   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Excludes data for properties sold in each respective year.

(2) Represents the percentage of total square footage at the beginning of each year that is scheduled to expire during the respective year.

## Leasing activity

In  2021,  we  revised  our  rent  spread  presentation  from  a  commenced  basis  to  executed  basis  and  we  are presenting it for comparable space. Comparable space excludes leases for space that was vacant for more than 12  months  (non-comparable  space).  We  believe  that  this  presentation  provides  additional  information  and improves comparability to other retail REITs. Prior period results have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.

The following table sets forth leasing activity for each of the calendar years for comparable space for executed leases for consolidated outlet centers. (1)

| Renewals of Existing Leases  Stores Re-leased to New Tenants  Initial Rent  (2)  Initial Rent  (2)  ($ per sq. ft.)  ($ per sq. ft.)  Year  Square Feet  (in 000's)  New  Rent  Spread % (3)  Square Feet  (in 000's)  New  Rent  Spread % (3)  2022  1,693  $  30.72  9  122  $  43.47  28  2021  978  $  31.08  -  192  $  29.27  (4)  2020  1,077  $  22.90  (8)  91  $  30.02  (5)  2019  967  $  25.36  (7)  385  $  28.34  (21)  2018  1,381  $  30.57  (1)  299  $  36.92  17   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) For consolidated properties owned as of the period-end date. Represents leases for new stores or renewals that were executed  during  the  respective  calendar  year  and  excludes  license  agreements,  seasonal  tenants  and  month-tomonth leases.

(2) Represents average initial cash rent (base rent and common area maintenance ('CAM')).

(3) Represents change in initial and expiring cash rent (base rent and CAM). See above for a description of the change in calculation from prior periods.

## Occupancy Costs

We  believe  that  our  ratio  of  average  tenant  occupancy  cost  (which  includes  base  rent,  common  area maintenance, real estate taxes, insurance, advertising and promotions) to average sales per square foot is low relative to other forms of retail distribution. The following table sets forth for tenants that report sales, for each of the last five calendar years, tenant occupancy costs per square foot as a percentage of reported tenant sales per square foot for our consolidated outlet centers:

| Year  Occupancy Costs as a  % of Tenant Sales  2022  8.6  2021  8.1  2020  N/A  (1)  2019  10.0  2018  9.9   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, retailers stores were closed for much of the second quarter of 2020 due to mandates by order of local and state authorities. Given the fewer than twelve months of sales reported by our tenants for 2020, an average tenant occupancy cost is not provided for this period.

As of December 31, 2022, our occupancy cost ratio increased to 8.6%. The increase from 2021 relates to higher operating  costs.

## Tenants

The following table sets forth certain information for our consolidated outlet centers with respect to our 25 largest tenants based on total annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022 (1) :

| Tenant  Brands  # of  Stores  Gross  Leasable  Area  (GLA)  % of  Total  GLA  % of Total  Annualized  Base Rent  (2)  The Gap, Inc.  Gap, Banana Republic, Old Navy  81  867,805  7.0 %  5.3 %  SPARC Group  Aéropostale, Brooks Brothers, Eddie  Bauer, Forever 21, Lucky Brands,  Nautica  88  530,635  4.3 %  4.0 %  Premium Apparel, LLC;  The Talbots, Inc.  LOFT, Ann Taylor, Lane Bryant,  Talbots  76  406,570  3.3 %  3.9 %  Under Armour, Inc.  Under Armour, Under Armour Kids  28  246,787  2.0 %  3.0 %  PVH Corp.  Tommy Hilfiger, Calvin Klein  38  286,103  2.3 %  3.0 %  Tapestry, Inc.  Coach, Kate Spade, Stuart Weitzman  48  226,912  1.8 %  3.0 %  American Eagle  Outfitters, Inc.  American Eagle Outfitters, Aerie  42  283,306  2.3 %  2.8 %  Nike, Inc.  Nike, Converse, Hurley  30  362,948  2.9 %  2.4 %  Columbia Sportswear  Company  Columbia Sportswear  22  176,697  1.4 %  2.3 %  Capri Holdings Limited  Michael Kors, Michael Kors Men's  27  137,486  1.1 %  2.0 %  Carter's, Inc.  Carter's, OshKosh B'gosh  39  173,705  1.4 %  2.0 %  Signet Jewelers  Limited  Kay Jewelers, Zales, Jared Vault  49  108,873  0.9 %  1.9 %  Skechers USA, Inc.  Skechers  28  154,913  1.2 %  1.8 %  Hanesbrands Inc.  Hanesbrands, Maidenform,  Champion  33  162,479  1.3 %  1.8 %  Rack Room Shoes,  Inc.  Rack Room Shoes  25  187,848  1.5 %  1.8 %  Ralph Lauren  Corporation  Polo Ralph Lauren, Polo Children,  Polo Ralph Lauren Big &amp; Tall  30  338,181  2.7 %  1.7 %  V. F. Corporation  The North Face, Vans, Timberland,  Dickies, Work Authority  27  143,207  1.2 %  1.7 %  Luxottica Group S.p.A.  Sunglass Hut, Oakley, Lenscrafters  53  79,829  0.6 %  1.6 %  Express Inc.  Express Factory  24  168,000  1.4 %  1.6 %  H &amp; M Hennes &amp;  Mauritz LP.  H&amp;M  18  385,321  3.1 %  1.6 %  Adidas AG  Adidas  19  141,430  1.1 %  1.6 %  Chico's, FAS Inc.  Chicos, White House/Black Market,  Soma Intimates  34  98,901  0.8 %  1.5 %  Levi Strauss &amp; Co.  Levi's  27  111,510  0.9 %  1.5 %  Caleres Inc.  Famous Footwear  25  148,489  1.2 %  1.4 %  Rue 21, LLC  Rue 21  19  114,559  0.9 %  1.3 %  Total of Top 25 tenants  930  6,042,494  48.6 %  56.5 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Excludes leases that have been entered into but for which the tenant has not yet taken possession, temporary leases and month-to-month leases. Includes all retail concepts of each tenant group for consolidated outlet centers; tenant groups are determined based on leasing relationships.

(2) Annualized  base  rent  is  defined  as  the  minimum  monthly  payments  due  as  of  the  end  of  the  reporting  period annualized, excluding periodic contractual fixed increases. Includes rents that are based on a percentage of sales in lieu of fixed contractual rents.

## Significant Property

The Deer Park, New York outlet center is the only property that comprises 10% or more of our consolidated total assets. No property comprises more than 10% of our consolidated revenues.

Tenants  at  the  Deer  Park  outlet  center  principally  conduct  retail  sales  operations.  The  following  table  shows occupancy and certain base rental information related to this property as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Deer Park  Square  Feet  2022  2021  2020  Outlet Center Occupancy  739,148  100 %  95 %  89 %  Average base rental rates per weighted average square foot  (1)  $  35.33  $  31.99  $  19.25   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Average annual base rent per square foot is calculated based on base rental revenues recognized during the year on a straight-line basis including non-cash adjustments to base rent required by GAAP and the effects of inducements and rent concessions divided by the weighted average square feet of the Deer Park Outlet Center.

The increase in the average annual base rent per square foot in 2022 compared to 2021 reflects the increase in occupancy from 95% in 2021 to 100% in 2022 and temporary rent modifications primarily due to a number of tenants filing for bankruptcy during 2020.

Depreciation on the outlet centers is computed on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. We generally use estimated lives of up to 33 years for buildings, 15 years for land improvements and 7 years for equipment. Expenditures for ordinary repairs and maintenance are charged to operations as incurred while  significant  renovations  and  improvements,  including  tenant  finishing  allowances,  which  improve  and/or extend the useful life  of  the  asset  are  capitalized  and  depreciated  over  their  estimated  useful  life.  Real  estate taxes  assessed  on  this  outlet  center  during  2022  amounted  to  $5.6  million.  Real  estate  taxes  for  2023  are estimated to be approximately $5.7 million.

The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, scheduled lease expirations for the Deer Park outlet center assuming that none of the tenants exercise renewal options:

| Year  No. of  Leases  Expiring  (1)  Square Feet  (in 000's)  (1)  Annualized  Base Rent  per Square  Foot  Annualized  Base Rent  (in 000's)  (2)  % of Gross  Annualized  Base Rent  Represented  by Expiring  Leases  2023  16  99  27.36  2,709  15  2024  23  175  37.17  6,504  37  2025  5  24  33.46  803  5  2026  5  19  25.58  486  3  2027  4  15  46.60  699  4  2028  11  108  40.16  4,337  25  2029  7  21  33.24  698  4  2030  3  21  45.86  963  5  2031  2  5  37.60  188  1  2032  2  10  20.20  202  1  2033 and after  -  -  -  -  -  Total  78  497  $  35.39  $  17,589  100 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Excludes  leases  that  have  been  entered  into  but  for  which  the  tenant  has  not  taken  possession,  vacant  suites, temporary leases and month-to-month leases totaling in the aggregate approximately 242,000 square feet.

(2) Annualized  base  rent  is  defined  as  the  minimum  monthly  payments  due  as  of  the  end  of  the  reporting  period annualized, excluding periodic contractual fixed increases. Includes rents that are based on a percentage of sales in lieu of fixed contractual rents.

## ITEM  3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company and the Operating Partnership are, from time to time, engaged in a variety of legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. Although the results of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that the final outcome of such proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

## ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

## Information about the Executive Officers of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.

The  following  table  sets  forth  certain  information  concerning  the  Company's  executive  officers.  The  Operating Partnership does not have executive officers:

| NAME  AGE  POSITION  Steven B. Tanger  74  Executive Chair of the Board  Stephen J. Yalof  60  Director, President and Chief Executive Officer  Michael J. Bilerman  47  Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment  Officer  Chad D. Perry  50  Executive Vice President - General Counsel and Secretary  Leslie A. Swanson  52  Executive Vice President - Chief Operating Officer  Justin C. Stein  43  Executive Vice President - Leasing  Andrew R. Wingrove  40  Executive Vice President - Chief Commercial Officer   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following is a biographical summary of the experience of our executive officers:

Steven B. Tanger . Mr. Tanger has served as Executive Chair of the Board since January 1, 2021 and Director of the  Company since May 13, 1993. Mr. Tanger previously served as Chief Executive Officer from May 2017 to December 2020; President and Chief Executive Officer  from  January  2009  to  May  2017;  President  and  Chief Operating Officer from January 1995 to December 2008; and Executive Vice President from 1986 to December 1994. Mr. Tanger is a former Trustee of the International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC); a former Director of The  Fresh  Market,  a  member  of  the  Real  Estate  Roundtable  and  a  Director  and  Member  of  the  Executive Committee of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (Nareit). Mr. Tanger provides an insider's perspective in Board discussions about the business and strategic direction of the Company and has experience in all aspects of the Company's business.

Stephen J. Yalof . Mr. Yalof has served as a director of the Company since July 20, 2020, and as President and Chief Executive Officer since January 2021. Mr. Yalof joined the Company in April 2020 as President and Chief Operating Officer, bringing with him over 25 years of experience in the commercial real estate industry, with a primary  focus  on  the  retail  space.  He  oversees  the  operations  of  the  executive  and  senior  leadership  teams, emphasizing evolving the customer shopping experience. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Yalof served as the Chief Executive Officer of Simon Premium Outlets of the Simon Property Group, Inc., a commercial real estate company and mall  operator,  from  September  2014  to April  2020,  where  he  drove  forward  the  expansion  and development of their real estate portfolio. He previously served as Senior Vice President of Real Estate for Ralph Lauren Corporation and Senior Director of Real Estate for The Gap, Inc. Mr. Yalof serves as a Trustee of the International  Council  of  Shopping  Centers  (ICSC),  as  well  as  on  the  advisory  boards  of  HeadCount  and  the Center for Real Estate &amp; Urban Analysis (CREUA) at George Washington University, his alma mater, where he earned a B.S. in Business Administration. Mr. Yalof provides insight into the Company's operations and strategy as well as extensive experience in the real estate and retail industries.

Michael J. Bilerman . Mr. Bilerman is the Company's Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment  Officer.  Mr.  Bilerman  joined  the  Company  in  November  2022  as  Executive  Vice  President  -  Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer, bringing nearly 25 years of real estate capital markets, industry and leadership experience.  Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Bilerman served as a Managing Director at Citigroup Inc.,  a  global  financial  services  company,  from  2008  to  2022,  leading  the  firm's  global  real  estate  investment research  franchise  and  the  US  Real  Estate  &amp;  Lodging  team,  which  had  coverage  of  over  250  publicly  traded companies globally across all real estate and infrastructure sectors.  Over his career, Mr. Bilerman has received significant industry, team and individual recognitions including being named to Institutional Investor's All America Research Team for 15 years straight prior to joining the Company and receiving Nareit's Industry Achievement Award in 2020, awarded annually to one industry professional whose acumen and integrity have helped heighten awareness of REITs and publicly traded real estate.  Mr. Bilerman served in various other leadership capacities at Citigroup, Inc. since 2004, and previously was employed by Goldman Sachs from 1998 to 2004 in Investment Banking  and  then  in  Equity  Research.    Mr.  Bilerman  is  responsible  for  the  Company's  financial  reporting, accounting,  tax,  capital  markets,  investor  relations,  financial  planning  and  analysis  and  information  systems functions.  He is a graduate of McGill University with a double major in finance and strategic management.

Chad D. Perry. Mr. Perry joined the Company in December 2011 as Executive Vice President - General Counsel and was named Secretary in May 2012. He was Executive Vice President and Deputy General Counsel of LPL Financial Corporation from May 2006 to December 2011. Previously, he was Senior Corporate Counsel of EMC Corporation. Mr. Perry began his legal career with international law firm Ropes &amp; Gray LLP. His responsibilities include corporate governance, compliance, and other legal matters, as well as management of outside counsel relationships and the Company's in house legal department. Mr. Perry is a graduate of Princeton University, and earned a J.D. from Columbia University, where he was a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar. He is a member of both the Massachusetts and California bar associations.

Leslie A. Swanson. Ms. Swanson was named Executive Vice President - Chief Operating Officer in December 2021.  She  joined  the  Company  in  October  2020  as  Executive  Vice  President  of  Operations,  bringing  over  25 years  of  experience  in  shopping  center  operations,  management  and  marketing  and  a  reputation  as  a  proven team  leader,  revenue  generator,  and  thought  leader.  Previously,  she  served  as  Executive  Vice  President  of Property  Management for Simon Premium Outlets, a business of the commercial real estate company, Simon Property Group, Inc., from 2016 to 2020 where she oversaw 8 straight years of NOI growth and added 12 new and  15  expanded  centers  to  that  portfolio  over  the  same  period.  Ms.  Swanson  has  direct  oversight  of  the Company's Operations, Marketing Partnerships, and Specialty Leasing disciplines and is responsible for creating new revenue levers that complement Tanger's core business, strengthening revenue generation and operating capacities at all  levels  throughout Tanger.  She  is  a  graduate  of  Illinois  State  University,  where  she  earned  her Bachelor of Arts and Science degree in Public Relations and Organizational Communication Psychology.

Justin C. Stein. Mr. Stein joined the Company in October 2021 as Executive Vice President - Leasing. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Senior Vice President of Leasing at Simon Property Group, Inc., a commercial real estate company, for 10 years. A consistent top producer and key member of their leadership team, Justin's innovative approach to deal making and relationship-driven mentality has made him one of the most respected and productive persons in the industry. He also has more than eight years of experience in the retail brokerage industry  as  a  Managing  Director  of  Retail  for  Newmark,  CBRE  and  Cushman  &amp;  Wakefield,  all  of  which  are commercial  real  estate  companies.  Justin's  major  responsibilities  include  managing  the  leasing  strategies  for Tanger's  operating  properties,  as  well  as  expansions  and  new  developments.  He  also  oversees  the  leasing personnel and the merchandising and occupancy for Tanger properties. Justin is a graduate of Bryant University where he earned a B.S. in Computer Information Systems. He also earned a Master's of Science, Information Systems from Stevens Institute of Technology.

Andrew R. Wingrove. Mr. Wingrove joined the Company as Executive Vice President - Chief Commercial Officer in  December  2021,  bringing  over  15  years  of  experience  across  consumer  brands.  Focused  on  Tanger's transformation from a real estate company to a customer experience company, he is responsible for modernizing the  customer  experience  and  cultivating  a  more  digitally  native  community  to  further  enhance  the  Company's competitive advantage. In his role, Mr. Wingrove oversees commercial and digital strategy, loyalty, performance marketing, customer experience and brand. He is a customer-centric, commercially-oriented marketer who most recently  was  at  CLEAR,  an  identity  verification  technology  company  and  served  as  Senior  Vice  President  for Travel and the GM Aviation from October 2020 to August 2021, was Chief Experience Officer at Bonobos, an apparel company, from September 2018 to September 2019, was a Managing Director at Delta Air Lines from August 2016 to August 2018, and prior served as a senior merchant at Macy's. At Delta, Mr. Wingrove led the development of its product segmentation strategy and oversaw the Global Distribution and Customer Experience Development functions for the airline. He is a graduate of Emory University, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics.

## PART II

## ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

## Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. Market Information

The common shares commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange on May 28, 1993. Our common shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange with the ticker symbol "SKT".

## Holders

As of February 1, 2023, there were approximately 346 common shareholders of record.

## Share Repurchases

In May 2021, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $80.0 million of the Company's outstanding  shares  through  May  31,  2023.  Repurchases  may  be  made  from  time  to  time  through  open  market, privately-negotiated, structured or derivative transactions (including accelerated share repurchase transactions), or other  methods  of  acquiring  shares.  The  Company  intends  to  structure  open  market  purchases  to  occur  within pricing  and  volume  requirements  of  Rule  10b-18. The  Company  may,  from  time  to  time,  enter  into  Rule  10b5-1 plans to facilitate the repurchase of its shares under this authorization. The Company did not repurchase any shares subsequent to the authorization of the repurchase plan. The remaining amount authorized to be repurchased under the program as of December 31, 2022 was approximately $80.0 million.

The following table summarizes our common share repurchases for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022:

| Period  Total number  of shares  purchased  Average  price paid  per share  Total number  of shares  purchased as  part of publicly  announced  plans or  programs  Approximate  dollar value of  shares that may  yet be purchased  under the plans  or programs  (in millions)  October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022  -  $  -  -  $  80.0  November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022  -  -  -  80.0  December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022  -  -  -  80.0  Total  -  $  -  -  $  80.0   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For certain restricted common shares that vested during the three months ended December 31, 2022, we withheld shares with value equivalent up to the employees' obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes, and remitted the cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. The total number of shares withheld upon vesting was 10,054 for the three months ended December 31, 2022.

## Dividends

The Company operates in a manner intended to enable it to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. A REIT is required to distribute at least 90% of its taxable income to its shareholders each year. We intend to continue to  qualify  as  a  REIT  and  to  distribute  substantially  all  of  our  taxable  income  to  our  shareholders  through  the payment of regular quarterly dividends. Certain of our debt agreements limit the payment of dividends such that dividends shall not exceed funds from operations ("FFO"), as defined in the agreements, for the prior fiscal year on an  annual  basis  or  95%  of  FFO  on  a  cumulative  basis.  During  2021  and  2022,  the  Company  paid  dividends aggregating $0.7150 and $0.8025 per share, respectively. On January 19, 2023, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.22 per share paid on February 15, 2023. The Board continues to evaluate the potential for future dividend  distributions  on  a  quarterly  basis.  We  were  in  compliance  with  REIT  taxable  income  distribution requirements for the 2022 tax year.

## Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

The information required by this Item is set forth in Part III, Item 12 of this document.

## Performance Graph

The following Performance Graph and related information shall not be deemed 'soliciting material' or to be 'filed' with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing.

The following share price performance chart compares our performance to an index of U.S. equity REITs and an index of U.S. retail REITs, both prepared by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence.

Equity REITs are defined as those that derive more than 75% of their income from equity investments in real estate assets. The Dow Jones U.S. Real Estate Retail index is designed to track the performance of real estate investment trusts (REIT) and other companies that invest directly or indirectly in real estate through development, management, or ownership, including property agencies.

All share price performance assumes an initial investment of $100 at the beginning of the period and assumes the reinvestment of dividends. Share price performance, presented for the five years ended December 31, 2022, is not necessarily indicative of future results.

<!-- image -->

| Period Ended  Index  12/31/2017  12/31/2018  12/31/2019  12/31/2020  12/31/2021  12/31/2022  Tanger Factory Outlet  Centers, Inc.  100.00  81.01  63.73  46.34  93.42  91.27  Dow Jones Equity All REIT  Index  100.00  95.90  123.46  117.54  165.97  124.47  Dow Jones U.S. Real  Estate Retail Index  100.00  90.15  95.37  60.83  95.34  82.19  S&amp;P 500 Index  100.00  95.62  125.72  148.85  191.58  156.88   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Tanger Properties Limited Partnership Market Information

There is no established public trading market for the Operating Partnership's common units. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Tanger LP Trust, owned 104,497,920 units of the Operating Partnership  and  the  Non-Company  LPs  owned  4,737,982  units.  We  made  distributions  per  common  unit  during 2022 as follows:

| 2022  First Quarter  $  0.1825  Second Quarter  0.2000  Third Quarter  0.2000  Fourth Quarter  0.2200  Distributions per unit  $  0.8025   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ITEM 6. RESERVED

## ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

## Cautionary Statements

Certain  statements  made  in  Item  1  -  Business  and  this  Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial Condition and Results of Operations below are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995 and included this statement for purposes of complying with these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, beliefs and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words 'anticipate,' 'believe,' 'can,' 'continue,' 'could,' 'designed,' 'estimate,' 'expect,' 'forecast,' 'goal,' 'intend,'  'may,'  'might,'  'plan,'  'possible,'  'potential,'  'predict,'  'project,'  'should,'  'target,'  'will,'  'would,'  or similar  expressions.  Such  forward-looking  statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: the expected  impact  of  the  novel  coronavirus  ('COVID-19')  pandemic,  supply  chain  and  labor  issues  and  rising interest  rates    on  our  business,  financial  results  and  financial  condition;  our  ability  to  raise  additional  capital, including via future issuances of equity and debt, and the use of proceeds from such issuances; our results of operations  and  financial  condition;  capital  expenditure  and  working  capital  needs  and  the  funding  thereof;  the repurchase  of  the  Company's  common  shares,  including  the  potential  use  of  a  10b5-1  plan  to  facilitate repurchases;  future  dividend  payments;  the  possibility  of  future  asset  impairments;  potential  developments, expansions,  renovations,  acquisitions  or  dispositions  of  outlet  centers,  including  our  Nashville  development; compliance with debt covenants; renewal and re-lease of leased space; the outlook for the retail environment, potential bankruptcies, and other store closings; consumer shopping trends and preferences; the outcome of legal proceedings  arising  in  the  normal  course  of  business;  and  real  estate  joint  ventures.  You  should  not  rely  on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect our actual results, performance or achievements.

Other important factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: our inability to develop new outlet centers or expand existing outlet centers successfully; risks related to the economic performance and market value of our outlet centers,  including due to changes in the national,  regional  and  local  economic  climate,  inflation  and  rising  interest  rates;  the  relative  illiquidity  of  real property  investments;  impairment  charges  affecting  our  properties;  our  dispositions  of  assets  may  not  achieve anticipated results; competition for the acquisition and development of outlet centers, and our inability to complete outlet centers we have identified; environmental regulations affecting our business; risk associated with a possible terrorist  activity  or  other  acts  or  threats  of  violence,  public  health  crises  and  threats  to  public  safety;  risks associated  with  supply  chain  disruptions  and  labor  shortages;  our  dependence  on  rental  income  from  real property; our dependence on the results of operations of our retailers; the fact certain of our lease agreements include co-tenancy and/or sales-based provisions that may allow a tenant to pay reduced rent and/or terminate a lease prior to its natural expiration; the fact that certain of our properties are subject to ownership interests held by third parties, whose interests may conflict with ours; risks related to uninsured losses; risks related to changes in consumer spending habits; investor and regulatory focus on environmental, sustainability and social initiatives; risks associated with our Canadian investments; risks associated with attracting and retaining key personnel; risks associated with debt financing; risk associated with our guarantees of debt for, or other support we may provide to, joint venture properties; the effectiveness of our interest rate hedging arrangements; uncertainty relating to the phasing out of LIBOR; risk associated with our interest rate hedging arrangements; risk associated to uncertainty related  to  determination  of  LIBOR;  our  potential  failure  to  qualify  as  a  REIT;  our  legal  obligation  to  make distributions to our shareholders; legislative or regulatory actions that could adversely affect our shareholders; our dependence on distributions from the Operating Partnership to meet our financial obligations, including dividends; the  risk  of  a  cyber-attack  or  an  act  of  cyber-terrorism;  as  well  as  the  other  risks  described  in  'Item  1A-Risk Factors' in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K..

We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our  business,  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations.  Because  forward-looking  statements  are  inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking  statements  as  predictions  of  future  events.  The  events  and  circumstances  reflected  in  our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected  in  the  forward-looking  statements.  Except  as  required  by  applicable  law,  we  do  not  plan  to  publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise.

The  following  discussion  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the  consolidated  financial  statements  appearing elsewhere in this report. Historical results and percentage relationships set forth in the consolidated statements of operations, including trends which might appear, are not necessarily indicative of future operations.

This  Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of  Operations  ("MD&amp;A")  is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management regarding our financial condition and results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. Our MD&amp;A is presented in the following sections:

- General Overview
- Leasing Activity
- Results of Operations
- Liquidity and Capital Resources of the Company
- Liquidity and Capital Resources of the Operating Partnership
- Critical Accounting Estimates
- Recent Accounting Pronouncements
- Non-GAAP Supplemental Measures
- Economic Conditions and Outlook

## General Overview

As of December 31, 2022, we had 29 consolidated outlet centers in 18 states totaling 11.4 million square feet, one managed center and one center under construction. We also had 6 unconsolidated outlet centers totaling 2.1 million  square  feet,  including  2  outlet  centers  in  Canada.  The  table  below  details  our  acquisitions,  new developments, expansions and dispositions of consolidated and unconsolidated outlet centers that impacted our results of operations and liquidity from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022:

| Consolidated Outlet  Centers  Unconsolidated Joint  Venture Outlet Centers  Managed Centers  Outlet Center  Quarter  Acquired/  Open/  Disposed/  Demolished  Square  Feet (in  thousands)  Number of  Outlet  Centers  Square  Feet (in  thousands)  Number of  Outlet  Centers  Square  Feet (in  thousands)  Number of  Outlet  Centers  As of December 31, 2019  12,048  32  2,212  7  -  -  Dispositions:  Terrell, Texas  Third Quarter  (178)  (1)  -  -  -  -  Other  3  -  -  -  -  -  As of December 31, 2020  11,873  31  2,212  7  -  -  Dispositions:  Jeffersonville, Ohio  First Quarter  (412)  (1)  -  -  -  -  Saint Sauveur, Quebec  First Quarter  -  -  (99)  (1)  -  -  Other  (8)  -  -  -  -  -  As of December 31, 2021  11,453  30  2,113  6  -  -  Dispositions:  Blowing Rock, North  Carolina  Fourth  Quarter  (104)  (1)  -  -  -  -  Additions:  Palm Beach, Florida  Third Quarter  -  -  -  -  457  1  Other  4  -  -  -  As of December 31, 2022  11,353  29  2,113  6  457  1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Leasing Activity

The following table provides information for our consolidated outlet centers related to leases for new stores that opened or renewals that were executed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively:

## Comparable Space for Executed Leases  (1) (2) (3)

| Leasing  Transactions  Square Feet  (in 000s)  New  Initial Rent  (psf)  (4)  Rent  Spread  %  (5)  Tenant  Allowance  (psf)  (6)  Average  Initial Term  (in years)  Total space  2022  350  1,815  $  31.58  10.1 % $  2.22  3.67  2021  266  1,170  $  30.78  (0.6)  % $  7.75  3.43   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Comparable and Non-Comparable Space for Executed Leases  (1) (2) (3)

| Leasing  Transactions  Square Feet  (in 000s)  New  Initial Rent  (psf)  (4)  Tenant  Allowance  (psf)  (6)  Average  Initial Term  (in years)  Total space  2022  404  2,021  $  32.08  $  6.87  4.10  2021  317  1,363  $  30.46  $  21.91  3.85   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) For consolidated properties owned as of the period-end date. Represents leases for new stores or renewals that were executed during the respective calendar years and excludes license agreements, seasonal tenants and month-tomonth leases.

(2) Comparable space excludes leases for space that was vacant for more than 12 months (non-comparable space).

(3) Leasing  activity  for  commenced  leases,  or  leases  for  new  stores  that  opened  or  renewals  that  began  during  the respective trailing twelve months ended December 31, were as follows:

## Leasing activity for commenced leases

| Leasing  Transaction  s  Square Feet  (in 000s)  New  Initial Rent  (psf)  (4)  Rent  Spread  %  (5)  Tenant  Allowance  (psf)  (6)  Average  Initial Term  (in years)  Comparable Space (2)  Total space  2022  295  1,449  $  31.35  11.7 % $  5.76  3.76  2021  280  1,378  $  26.76  (2.4)  % $  4.22  3.35  Comparable and Non-comparable Space (2)  Total space  2022  344  1,644  $  31.96  $  13.64  4.18  2021  328  1,541  $  26.84  $  6.02  3.63   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(4) Represents average initial cash rent (base rent and common area maintenance ('CAM')).

(5) Represents change in average initial and expiring cash rent (base rent and CAM).

(6) Tenant allowance includes other landlord costs.

## COVID-19 Pandemic

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, a number of our tenants requested rent deferrals, rent abatements or other types of  rent  relief  during  this  pandemic  in  2020. As  a  response,  in  late  March  2020,  we  offered  all  tenants  in  our consolidated portfolio the option to defer 100% of April and May rents interest free, payable in equal installments due in January and February of 2021. Through December 31, 2022, the Company had collected 99% of the 2020 deferred rents.

The extent of future tenant requests for rent relief and the impact on our results of operations and cash flows is uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. If store closures were to occur again in our domestic markets, this could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations.

## Results of Operations

## 2022 Compared to 2021

## Net income

Net income increased $76.3 million in the 2022 period to a net income of $85.8 million as compared to net income of $9.5 million for the 2021 period. The increase in net income is primarily due to the following:

- increase in  average portfolio occupancy rate from 93% to 95%,
- gain on sale of assets in the 2022 period of $3.2 million from the sale in December 2022 of our Blowing Rock, North Carolina outlet center,
- decrease in interest expense from the full year impact of the refinance of $400 million of unsecured debt during  the  third  quarter  of  2021  at  a  rate  of  2.75%,  along  with  the  full  year  impact  of  debt  reductions during 2021 using the proceeds from equity issuances during the first half of 2021.
- the  prior  year  included  a  loss  on  the  early  extinguishment  of  debt  of  $47.9  million,  and  a  $7.0  million impairment charge recognized on the outlet center in Mashantucket, Connecticut.

In the tables below, information set forth for properties disposed includes the Jeffersonville outlet center sold in January 2021 and the Blowing Rock outlet center sold in December 2022.

## Rental Revenues

Rental revenues increased $13.7 million in the 2022 period compared to the 2021 period. The following table sets forth the changes in various components of rental revenues (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  Increase/  (Decrease)  Rental revenues from existing properties  $  419,139  $  404,987  $  14,152  Rental revenues from properties disposed  2,144  2,449  (305)  Straight-line rent adjustments  (1,689)  (1,973)  284  Lease termination fees  2,871  2,225  646  Amortization of above and below market rent adjustments, net  (1,046)  78  (1,124)  $  421,419  $  407,766  $  13,653   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Rental revenues increased primarily due to growth in occupancy and rental rates in 2022. Our average occupancy increased  from  93%  to  95%  from  2021  to  2022. Additionally,  rental  revenues  were  also  impacted  by  the  net reversal of revenue reserves in the 2022 period of approximately $4.1 million, compared to $1.2 million of net reserves recorded in 2021.

Additionally, the 2022 period included the acceleration of amortization of an above market lease intangible for one tenant of approximately $1.0 million.

## Management, Leasing and Other Services

Management, leasing and other services increased $746,000 in the 2022 period compared to the 2021 period. The following table sets forth the changes in various components of management, leasing and other services (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  Increase/  (Decrease)  Management and marketing  $  2,531  $  2,347  $  184  Leasing and other fees  194  228  (34)  Expense reimbursements from unconsolidated joint ventures and  managed properties  4,432  3,836  596  Total Fees  $  7,157  $  6,411  $  746   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Management, leasing and other service revenue increased in the  2022  period  due  to  the  addition  of  property management and leasing responsibilities for a center in Palm Beach, Florida.

## Other Revenues

Other revenues increased $1.7 million in the 2022 period as compared to the 2021 period. The following table sets forth the changes in other revenues (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  Increase/  (Decrease)  Other revenues from existing properties  $  13,861  $  12,215  $  1,646  Other revenues from property disposed  176  133  43  $  14,037  $  12,348  $  1,689   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other revenues from existing properties increased in the 2022 period due an increase in other revenue streams, such as paid media, sponsorships and onsite signage, on a local and national level.

## Property Operating Expenses

Property  operating  expenses  increased  $3.2  million  in  the  2022  period  compared  to  the  2021  period.  The following table sets forth the changes in various components of property operating expenses (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  Increase/  (Decrease)  Property operating expenses from existing properties  $  136,636  $  134,758  $  1,878  Property operating expenses from property disposed  962  (170)  1,132  Expenses related to unconsolidated joint ventures and managed  properties  4,432  3,836  596  Other property operating expense  1,906  2,312  (406)  $  143,936  $  140,736  $  3,200   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Property operating expenses at existing properties increased in the 2022 period compared to the 2021 period primarily due to an increase in property insurance and property taxes.

Property operating expenses from properties disposed for the 2021 period includes $1.7 million in net proceeds received from the successful appeal of property taxes for certain tax years prior to disposition.

## General and Administrative Expenses

General and administrative expenses increased $5.7 million in the 2022 period compared to the 2021 period. The 2022  period  includes  higher  compensation  costs  due  to  the  addition  of  certain  executives  and  other  key employees during the second half of 2021 and during 2022 to drive operational and growth initiatives, which led to increased costs in 2022. In addition, 2022 includes executive severance costs, totaling $2.4 million.  The 2021 period  includes  compensation  cost  related  to  employees  that  accepted  a  voluntary  retirement  plan  with  an effective  retirement date of March 31, 2021, as well as other executive severance costs incurred during 2021, totaling $3.6 million. Finally, travel costs have increased compared to 2021 with the decrease in restrictions from COVID-19 and other corporate employee benefit costs have increased as well.

## Impairment Charges

During  the  fourth  quarter  of  2021,  we  determined  that  the  estimated  future  undiscounted  cash  flows  of  our Foxwoods  outlet  center  in  Mashantucket,  Connecticut  did  not  exceed  the  property's  carrying  value  due  to  a continuing decline in operating results. Therefore, we recorded $7.0 million of non-cash impairment charges in our consolidated statement of operations for 2021, which equaled the excess of the property's carrying value over its estimated fair value. There were no impairment charges in 2022.

## Depreciation and Amortization

Depreciation and amortization expense increased $1.9 million in the 2022 period compared to the 2021 period. The following table sets forth the changes in various components of depreciation and amortization costs from the 2021 period to the 2022 period (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  Increase/  (Decrease)  Depreciation and amortization expenses from existing properties  $  111,017  $  109,077  $  1,940  Depreciation and amortization from property disposed  887  931  (44)  $  111,904  $  110,008  $  1,896   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  2022,  we  adjusted  the  useful  lives  of  our  solar  assets  from  twenty  years  to  ten  years,  resulting  in  an incremental $4.4 million of depreciation expense.  Excluding this change, our depreciation would have decreased due primarily to tenant improvements becoming fully depreciated and a decrease in our redevelopment activity.

## Interest Expense

Interest expense decreased $5.9 million in the 2022 period compared to the 2021 period primarily because during August and September 2021, we completed a public offering of $400.0 million of 2.750% 10 year senior notes and completed the early redemption of $100.0 million of 3.875% senior notes due in 2023 and $250.0 million of 3.75% senior notes due in 2024, redeemed $150.0 million of senior notes in April 2021 and repaid $50.0 million of our term loan, reducing our average interest rate. In addition, proceeds from our 2021 equity offerings were used to reduce debt in 2021, also contributing to a reduction of interest expense in 2022.

## Loss on Early Extinguishment of Debt

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded make-whole premiums of $44.9 million and the write-off of approximately $3.0 million of debt discount and debt origination costs due to the early redemption of our notes originally due 2023 and 2024.

## Gain on Sale of Assets

In December 2022, we sold a non-core outlet center in Blowing Rock, North Carolina for net proceeds of $12.4 million, which resulted in a gain on sale of assets of $3.2 million. We did not have a gain or loss on the sale of our Jeffersonville, Ohio asset in 2021.

## Other Income (Expense)

Other income (expense) increased approximately $7.6 million in the 2022 period compared to the 2021 period, primarily due to a $2.4 million gain on sale of a non-real estate asset and higher investment income on our cash and cash equivalents from opportunities available in the current rising interest rate environment. Also, in March 2021,  the  RioCan  joint  venture  closed  on  the  sale  of  its  outlet  center  in  Saint-Sauveur,  for  net  proceeds  of approximately  $9.4  million.  Our  share  of  the  proceeds  was  approximately  $4.7  million.  As  a  result  of  this transaction, we recorded a foreign currency loss of approximately $3.6 million in other income (expense), which had been previously recorded in other comprehensive income.

## Equity in Earnings (Losses) of Unconsolidated Joint Ventures

Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated joint ventures decreased approximately $310,000 in the 2022 period compared to the 2021 period. In the table below, information set forth for property disposed includes the SaintSauveur, Quebec outlet center in our Canadian joint venture, which was sold in March 2021.

| 2022  2021  Increase/  (Decrease)  Equity in earnings from existing properties  $  8,594  $  8,714  $  (120)  Equity in earnings (losses) from property disposed  -  190  (190)  $  8,594  $  8,904  $  (310)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated joint ventures from existing properties decreased primarily due to the increase in variable interest rates in 2022 that negatively impacted two of our joint ventures that had variable rate mortgages. In addition, the  variable interest mortgage for our Columbus, Ohio joint venture was refinanced in September 2022 and now has a fixed interest rate of 6.25% compared to LIBOR + 1.85%.

## 2021 Compared to 2020

For  a  discussion  of  our  results  of  operations  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2020,  including  a  year-to-year comparison between 2021 and 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources of the Company

In this 'Liquidity and Capital Resources of the Company' section, the term, the "Company", refers only to Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. on an unconsolidated basis, excluding the Operating Partnership.

The Company's business is operated primarily through the Operating Partnership. The Company issues public equity from time to time, but does not otherwise generate any capital itself or conduct any business itself, other than incurring certain expenses in operating as a public company, which are fully reimbursed by the Operating Partnership.  The  Company  does  not  hold  any  indebtedness,  and  its  only  material  asset  is  its  ownership  of partnership interests of the Operating Partnership. The Company's principal funding requirement is the payment of  dividends  on  its  common  shares.  The  Company's  principal  source  of  funding  for  its  dividend  payments  is distributions it receives from the Operating Partnership.

Through its status as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, the Company has the full, exclusive and complete responsibility for the Operating Partnership's day-to-day management and control. The Company causes the Operating Partnership to distribute all, or such portion as the Company may in its discretion determine, of its available cash in the manner provided in the Operating Partnership's partnership agreement. The Company receives  proceeds  from  equity  issuances  from  time  to  time,  but  is  required  by  the  Operating  Partnership's partnership  agreement  to  contribute  the  proceeds  from  its  equity  issuances  to  the  Operating  Partnership  in exchange for partnership units of the Operating Partnership.

We are a well-known seasoned issuer with a shelf registration which expires in February 2024 that allows the Company to register various unspecified classes of equity securities and the Operating Partnership to register various unspecified classes of debt securities. We expect to file a new joint shelf registration statement on Form S-3  prior  to  the  expiration  of  the  current  registration  statement. As  circumstances  warrant,  the  Company  may issue equity from time to time on an opportunistic basis, dependent upon market conditions and available pricing. The Operating Partnership may use the proceeds to repay debt, including borrowings under its lines of credit, develop new or existing properties, make acquisitions of properties or portfolios of properties, invest in existing or newly created joint ventures, or for general corporate purposes.

The liquidity of the Company is dependent on the Operating Partnership's ability to make sufficient distributions to the Company. The Operating Partnership is a party to loan agreements with various bank lenders that require the Operating Partnership to comply with various financial and other covenants before it may make distributions to the Company. The Company also guarantees some of the Operating Partnership's debt. If the Operating Partnership fails to fulfill its debt requirements, which trigger the Company's guarantee obligations, then the Company may be required to fulfill its cash payment commitments under such guarantees. However, the Company's only material asset is its investment in the Operating Partnership.

The  Company  believes  the  Operating  Partnership's  sources  of  working  capital,  specifically  its  cash  flow  from operations,  and  borrowings  available  under  its  unsecured  credit  facilities,  are  adequate  for  it  to  make  its distribution  payments  to  the  Company  and,  in  turn,  for  the  Company  to  make  its  dividend  payments  to  its shareholders and to finance its continued operations, investment and growth strategy and additional expenses we expect  to  incur.  However,  there  can  be  no  assurance  that  the  Operating  Partnership's  sources  of  capital  will continue to be available at all or in amounts sufficient to meet its needs, including its ability to make distribution payments to the Company. The unavailability of capital could adversely affect the Operating Partnership's ability to  pay  its  distributions  to  the  Company,  which  will  in  turn,  adversely  affect  the  Company's  ability  to  pay  cash dividends to its shareholders.

We operate in a manner intended to enable us to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, or the Code.  For  the  Company  to  maintain  its  qualification  as  a  REIT,  it  must  pay  dividends  to  its  shareholders aggregating  annually  at  least  90%  of  its  taxable  income.  While  historically  the  Company  has  satisfied  this distribution requirement by making cash distributions to its shareholders, it may choose to satisfy this requirement by making distributions of cash or other property, including, in limited circumstances, the Company's own shares.

For tax reporting purposes, we distributed approximately $83.1 million during 2022.  If in any taxable year the Company were to fail to qualify as a REIT and certain statutory relief provisions were not applicable, we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to shareholders in computing taxable income and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax for tax years prior to 2018) on our taxable income at the regular corporate rate.

As a result of this distribution requirement, the Operating Partnership cannot rely on retained earnings to fund its on-going  operations  to  the  same  extent  that  other  companies  whose  parent  companies  are  not  real  estate investment  trusts  can.  The  Company  may  need  to  continue  to  raise  capital  in  the  equity  markets  to  fund  the Operating Partnership's working capital needs, as well as potential developments of new or existing properties, acquisitions or investments in existing or newly created joint ventures.

The  Company  currently  consolidates  the  Operating  Partnership  because  it  has  (1)  the  power  to  direct  the activities  of  the  Operating  Partnership  that  most  significantly  impact  the  Operating  Partnership's  economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive the residual returns of the Operating Partnership  that  could  be  potentially  significant.  The  Company  does  not  have  significant  assets  other  than  its investment in the Operating Partnership. Therefore, the assets and liabilities and the revenues and expenses of the  Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements, except for immaterial  differences  related  to  cash,  other  assets  and  accrued  liabilities  that  arise  from  public  company expenses paid by the Company. However, all debt is held directly or indirectly at the Operating Partnership level, and  the  Company  has  guaranteed  some  of  the  Operating  Partnership's  unsecured  debt  as  discussed  below. Because  the  Company  consolidates  the  Operating  Partnership,  the  section  entitled  "Liquidity  and  Capital Resources of the Operating Partnership" should be read in conjunction with this section to understand the liquidity and capital resources of the Company on a consolidated basis and how the Company is operated as a whole.

Under our at-the-market stock offering ('ATM Offering') program, which commenced in February 2021, we may offer  and  sell  our  common shares, $0.01 par value per share ('Common Shares'), having an aggregate gross sales  price  of  up  to  $250.0  million  (the  'Shares').  We  may  sell  the  Shares  in  amounts  and  at  times  to  be determined by us but we have no obligation to sell any of the Shares. Actual sales, if any, will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including, among other things, market conditions, the trading price of the Common Shares, capital needs and determinations by us of the appropriate sources of its funding. We currently intend to use the net proceeds from any sale of shares pursuant to the ATM Offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately $60.1 million remaining available for sale under our ATM Offering program.

The following table sets forth information regarding settlements under our ATM Offering program:

| 2022  2021  2020  Number of common shares settled during the period  -  10,009,263  -  Average price per share  $  -  $  18.97  $  -  Aggregate gross proceeds (in thousands)  $  -  $  189,868  $  -  Aggregate net proceeds after commissions and fees (in  thousands)  $  -  $  186,969  $  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  May  2021,  the  Company's  Board  of  Directors  authorized  the  repurchase  of  up  to  $80.0  million  of  the Company's outstanding shares through May 31, 2023.  Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market, privately-negotiated, structured or derivative transactions (including accelerated share repurchase transactions), or other methods of acquiring shares. The Company intends to structure open market purchases to occur within pricing and volume requirements of Rule 10b-18. The Company may, from time to time, enter into Rule  10b5-1  plans  to  facilitate  the  repurchase  of  its  shares  under  this  authorization.  The  Company  did  not repurchase  any  shares  during  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020.  The  remaining  amount authorized to be repurchased under the program as of December 31, 2022 was approximately $80.0 million.

In January 2023, the Company's Board of Directors declared a $0.22 cash dividend per common share payable on  February  15,  2023  to  each  shareholder  of  record  on  January  31,  2023,  and  a  $0.22  cash  distribution  per Operating Partnership unit to the Operating Partnership's unitholders.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources of the Operating Partnership

In this 'Liquidity and Capital Resources of the Operating Partnership' section, the terms 'we', 'our' and 'us' refer to the Operating Partnership or the Operating Partnership and the Company together, as the text requires.

## Summary of Our Major Sources and Uses of Cash and Cash Equivalents

## General Overview

Property rental income represents our primary source to pay property operating expenses, debt service, capital expenditures and distributions, excluding non-recurring capital expenditures and acquisitions. To the extent that our  cash  flow  from  operating  activities  is  insufficient  to  cover  such  non-recurring  capital  expenditures  and acquisitions, we finance such activities from borrowings under our unsecured lines of credit or from the proceeds from the Operating Partnership's debt offerings and the Company's equity offerings.

We  believe  we  achieve  a  strong  and  flexible  financial  position  by  attempting  to:  (1)  maintain  a  conservative leverage position relative to our portfolio when  pursuing  new  development,  expansion  and  acquisition opportunities, (2) extend and sequence debt maturities, (3) manage our interest rate risk through an appropriate mix of fixed and variable rate debt and interest rate hedging strategies, (4) maintain access to liquidity by using our  lines  of  credit  in  a  conservative  manner  and  (5)  preserve  internally  generated  sources  of  capital  by maintaining  a  conservative  distribution  payout  ratio.  We  manage  our  capital  structure  to  reflect  a  long-term investment approach and utilize multiple sources of capital to meet our requirements, including without limitation, cash on hand, retained free cash flow and debt and equity issuances.

## Capital Expenditures

The following table details our capital expenditures for consolidated outlet centers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  Change  Capital expenditures analysis:  New outlet center developments and expansions  (1)  $  39,967  $  2,441  $  37,526  Renovations  369  761  (392)  Second generation tenant allowances  (2)  9,336  3,020  6,316  Other capital expenditures  (3)  39,137  30,917  8,220  88,809  37,139  51,670  Conversion from accrual to cash basis  (11,499)  8,047  (19,546)  Additions to rental property-cash basis  $  77,310  $  45,186  $  32,124   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) New outlet center developments and expansions in the 2022 period primarily due to development costs at our site in Nashville, TN. The  2021 period included a land acquisition at our Westgate outlet center.

(2) In the 2022 and 2021 periods, second generation tenant allowances are presented net of $1.5 million and $3.3 million tenant allowance reversals respectively, which were the result of a lease modifications.

(3) The increase  in  other  capital  expenditures  in  2022  was  primarily  related  to  our  ongoing  solar  initiatives.  Other  capital expenditures includes capital expenditures related to recurring and value-enhancing capital activities.

We  expect  total  capital  expenditures  for  2023  to  be  approximately  $210  million  as  compared  to  capital expenditures of $77.3 million in 2022 driven primarily by approximately $110 million of anticipated development costs to complete our site in Nashville, Tennessee. We expect to maintain sufficient liquidity to fund these capital expenditures.

## Potential Future Developments, Acquisitions and Dispositions

As of the date of this filing, we are not in the pre-development period for any potential new developments. We may use joint venture arrangements to develop potential sites.  We expect to maintain sufficient liquidity to fund existing capital expenditures, including completion of our Nashville, Tennessee asset.

In the case of projects to be wholly-owned by us, we expect to fund these projects with cash on hand, borrowings under our unsecured lines of credit and cash flows from operations, but may also fund them with capital from additional public debt and equity offerings. For projects to be developed through joint venture arrangements, we may  use  collateralized  construction  loans  to  fund  a  portion  of  the  project,  with  our  share  of  the  equity requirements funded from sources described above.

We intend to  continue  to  grow  our  portfolio  by  developing,  expanding  or  acquiring  additional  retail  real  estate assets. Future retail real estate assets may be wholly-owned by us, owned through joint ventures or partnership arrangements,  or  through  management  agreements.  However,  you  should  note  that  any  developments  or expansions that we, or a joint venture that we have an ownership interest in, have planned or anticipated may not be started or completed as scheduled, or may not result in accretive net income or funds from operations ("FFO"). See  the  section  "Non-GAAP  Supplemental  Earnings  Measures"  -  "Funds  From  Operations"  below  for  further discussion of FFO. In addition, we regularly evaluate acquisition or disposition proposals and engage from time to time in negotiations for acquisitions or dispositions of properties. We may also enter into letters of intent for the purchase  or  sale  of  properties.  Any  prospective  acquisition  or  disposition  that  is  being  evaluated  or  which  is subject  to  a  letter  of  intent  may  not  be  consummated,  or  if  consummated,  may  not  result  in  an  increase  in earnings or liquidity.

## Unconsolidated Real Estate Joint Ventures

From time to time, we form joint venture arrangements to develop or acquire outlet centers. As of December 31, 2022, we have partial ownership interests in six unconsolidated outlet centers totaling approximately 2.1 million square feet,  including  two  outlet  centers  in  Canada.  See  Note  5  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for details of our individual joint ventures, including, but not limited to, carrying values of our investments, fees we receive for services provided to the joint ventures, recent development and financing transactions and condensed combined summary financial information.

We  may  elect  to  fund  cash  needs  of  a  joint  venture  through  equity  contributions  (generally  on  a  basis proportionate  to  our  ownership  interests),  advances  or  partner  loans,  although  such  funding  is  not  typically required  contractually  or  otherwise.  We  separately  report  investments  in  joint  ventures  for  which  accumulated distributions have exceeded investments in, and our share of net income or loss of, the joint ventures within other liabilities  in  the  consolidated  balance  sheets  because  we  are  committed  and  intend  to  provide  further  financial support to these joint ventures. We believe our joint ventures will be able to fund their operating and capital needs during  2023  based  on  their  sources  of  working  capital,  specifically  cash  flow  from  operations,  access  to contributions from partners, and ability to refinance all or portion of their debt obligations, including the ability to exercise upcoming extensions of near term maturities.

Our joint ventures are typically encumbered by a mortgage on the joint venture property. We provide guarantees to lenders for our joint ventures which include standard non-recourse carve out indemnifications for losses arising from  items  such  as  but  not  limited  to  fraud,  physical  waste,  payment  of  taxes,  environmental  indemnities, misapplication of insurance proceeds or security deposits and failure to maintain required insurance. A default by a  joint  venture  under  its  debt  obligations  may  expose  us  to  liability  under  the  guaranty.  For  construction  and mortgage loans, we may include a guaranty of completion as well as a principal guaranty ranging from 5% to 15.5%  of  principal.  The  principal  guarantees  include  terms  for  release  based  upon  satisfactory  completion  of construction and performance targets including occupancy thresholds and minimum debt service coverage tests. Our  joint  ventures  may  contain  make  whole  provisions  in  the  event  that  demands  are  made  on  any  existing guarantees.

Our joint ventures are generally subject to buy-sell provisions which are customary for joint venture agreements in the  real  estate  industry.  Either  partner  may  initiate  these  provisions  (subject  to  any  applicable  lock  up  period), which could result in either the sale of our interest or the use of available cash or additional borrowings to acquire the other party's interest. Under these provisions, one partner sets a price for the property, then the other partner has the option to either (1) purchase their partner's interest based on that price or (2) sell its interest to the other partner based on that price. Since the partner other than the partner who triggers the provision has the option to be the buyer or seller, we do not consider this arrangement to be a mandatory redeemable obligation.

## Future Debt Obligations

As described further in Note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, scheduled maturities and principal amortization of our existing debt for 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027 are $4.8 million,  $5.1  million,  $1.5  million,  $407.4  million  and  $625.0  million,  respectively.  As  of  December  31,  2022, scheduled maturities after 2027 aggregate to $400.0 million.

## Future Interest Payments

We are obligated to make periodic interest payments at fixed and variable rates, depending on the terms of the applicable  debt  agreements.  Based  on  applicable  interest  rates,  forward  curve  estimates,  and  scheduled  debt maturities as of December 31, 2022, these interest obligations total approximately $253.4 million and range from approximately $18.4 million to $53.2 million on an annual basis over the next five years.

## Operating Lease Obligations

As described further in Note 20 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, we had a total of $238.3 million of minimum operating lease obligations. These minimum lease payments range from approximately $5.7 million to $5.9 million on an annual basis over the next five years.

## Other Contractual Obligations

Other  contractual  obligations  totaled  $7.4  million  as  of  December  31,  2022.  These  obligations  range  from approximately $1.3 million to $1.5 million on an annual basis over the next five years.

## Cash Flows

The following table sets forth our changes in cash flows from 2022 and 2021 (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  Change  Net cash provided by operating activities  $  213,950  $  217,697  $  (3,747)  Net cash used in investing activities  (98,817)  (22,739)  (76,078)  Net cash used in financing activities  (64,163)  (118,379)  54,216  Effect of foreign currency rate changes on cash and equivalents  (111)  (177)  66  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  $  50,859  $  76,402  $  (25,543)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Operating Activities

The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to changes in working capital, offset by an increase in rental revenues primarily due to an increase in occupancy rates and  increase in rental rates,

## Investing Activities

The primary cause for the increase in net cash used in investing activities was due to the purchase of land at our new  center  in  Nashville,  Tennessee,  paired  with  construction  costs  related  to  increased  additions  to  rental properties  during  2022  and  increase  in  short-term  investments.  The  2021  period  included  net  proceeds  of approximately $8.1 million received from the sale of our Jeffersonville outlet center, while the 2022 period included lower  distributions  in  excess  of  cumulative  earnings  from  unconsolidated  joint  ventures  and  net  proceeds  of approximately $12.4 million related to the sale of the property in Blowing Rock, North Carolina.

## Financing Activities

The primary cause for the decrease in net cash used in financing activities was the increase in the term loan borrowing capacity and the Southaven mortgage increased capacity, in addition to the early redemption in 2021 of $250.0 million of our 3.875% senior notes due December 2023 and $250.0 million of our 3.75% senior notes due 2024, including make whole premiums of $44.9 million. In addition, in March 2021 and June 2021, we paid down a total of $50.0 million of borrowings under our unsecured term loan with cash on hand. This was offset by higher dividend payments in 2022 compared to 2021.

## Financing Arrangements

See Notes 7 and 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, for details of our current outstanding debt, financing transactions  that  have  occurred  over  the  past  three  years  and  debt  maturities.  As  of  December  31,  2022, unsecured borrowings represented 95% of our outstanding debt and 92% of the gross book value of our real estate portfolio was unencumbered. As of December 31, 2022, 5% of our outstanding debt, excluding variable rate debt with interest rate protection agreements in place, had variable interest rates and therefore was subject to market fluctuations.

We  intend  to  retain  the  ability  to  raise  additional  capital,  including  public  debt  or  equity,  to  pursue  attractive investment  opportunities  that  may  arise  and  to  otherwise  act  in  a  manner  that  we  believe  to  be  in  the  best interests of our shareholders and unitholders. The Company and Operating Partnership are well-known seasoned issuers with a joint shelf registration statement on Form S-3, expiring in February 2024, that allows us to register unspecified  amounts  of  different  classes  of  securities.  To  generate  capital  to  reinvest  into  other  attractive investment  opportunities,  we  may  also  consider  the  use  of  additional  operational  and  developmental  joint ventures, property management opportunities, the sale or lease of outparcels on our existing properties and the sale  of  certain  properties  that  do  not  meet  our  long-term  investment  criteria.  Based  on  cash  provided  by operations, existing lines of credit, ongoing relationships with certain financial institutions and our ability to sell debt or issue equity subject to market conditions, we believe that we have access to the necessary financing to fund the planned capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months.

We anticipate that adequate cash will be available to fund our operating and administrative expenses, regular debt service obligations, and the payment of dividends in accordance with REIT requirements in both the short and long-term. Although we receive most of our rental payments on a monthly basis, distributions to shareholders and  unitholders  are  typically  made  quarterly  and  interest  payments  on  the  senior,  unsecured  notes  are  made semi-annually. Amounts  accumulated  for  such  payments  will  be  used  in  the  interim  to  reduce  the  outstanding borrowings under our existing unsecured lines of credit or invested in short-term money market or other suitable instruments.

As of December 31, 2022, our total liquidity was approximately $784.6 million, including $264.6 million of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments on our balance sheet and the full undrawn capacity under our $520 million unsecured lines of credit.

We believe  our  current  balance  sheet  position  is  financially  sound;  however,  due  to  the  economic  uncertainty caused by the current macroeconomic environment, including rising interest rates and inflation, and the inherent uncertainty and unpredictability of the capital and credit markets, we can give no assurance that affordable access to  capital  will  exist  between  now  and  when  our  next  significant  debt  matures,  which  is  our  senior  notes  due September 2026.

## Equity Offerings under the ATM Offering Program

In  February  2021,  the  Company  established  the  ATM  Offering  program  whereby  it  may  offer  and  sell  the Company's common shares having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $250.0 million. During 2021, under this program, the Company sold 10.0 million shares at a weighted average price of $18.97 per share, generating net  proceeds  of  $187.1  million  and  leaving  a  remaining  authorization  of  $60.1  million.  The  proceeds  were contributed  to  the  Operating  Partnership  and  then  used  primarily  to  reduce  indebtedness  as  described  in  the sections immediately below. During 2022, the Company did not sell any shares under the ATM Offering program.

## Redemption of the 2023 and 2024 Senior Notes and public offering of aggregate $400.0 Million Unsecured Senior Notes due 2031

In  April  2021,  we  completed  a  partial  redemption  of  $150.0  million  aggregate  principal  amount  of  our  $250.0 million  3.875%  senior  notes  due  December  2023,  for  $163.0  million  in  cash,  which  includes  a  make-whole premium of  $13.0  million  and  the  write-off  of  approximately  $1.0  million  of  debt  discount  and  debt  origination costs. The make-whole premium and the write-off of debt discount and debt origination costs was recorded as a loss  on  early  extinguishment  of  debt  within  the  consolidated  statements  of  operations.  Subsequent  to  this redemption, $100.0 million aggregate principal amount of the notes remained outstanding, until the redemption in August 2021, described below.

In August 2021, we completed a public offering of $400.0 million in senior notes due 2031. The notes were priced at 98.552% of the principal amount to yield 2.917% to maturity. The notes pay interest semi-annually at a rate of 2.750%  per  annum  and  mature  on  September  1,  2031.  The  aggregate  net  proceeds  from  the  offering,  after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses, were approximately $390.7 million. We used the net proceeds from the sale of the notes to redeem all remaining 3.875% senior notes due 2023, $100.0 million in aggregate  principal  amount  outstanding,  and  all  3.750%  senior  notes  due  2024,  $250.0  million  in  aggregate principal  outstanding.  The  redemptions  occurred  in  September  2021  and  included  a  make-whole  premium  of $31.9 million and the write-off of approximately $1.9 million of debt discount and debt origination costs. The makewhole premium and the write-off  of  debt  discount  and  debt  origination  costs  was  recorded  as  a  loss  on  early extinguishment of debt within the consolidated statements of operations. The remaining proceeds were used for general corporate purposes.

## Unsecured term loan

In  March  2021  and  June  2021,  we  paid  down  a  total  of  $50.0  million  of  borrowings  under  our  $350.0  million unsecured term loan with cash on hand, reducing the balance outstanding to $300.0 million as of December 31, 2021.  In  October  2022,  we  amended  and  restated  our  unsecured  term  loan.  The  outstanding  balance  was increased from $300.0 million to $325.0 million and the maturity was extended to January 2027 plus a one-year extension  option.  The  interest  rate  changed  from  LIBOR  +  1.25%  to Adjusted  SOFR  +  1.20%  based  on  our current credit rating. The amendment also incorporates a sustainability metric, reducing the applicable grid-based interest rate spread by one basis point annually, subject to meeting certain thresholds. The outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022 was $325.0 million.

## Unsecured Lines of Credit Amendments and Extension

In October 2022 we amended the debt agreements for our unsecured lines of credit to change the interest rate index from LIBOR to Adjusted SOFR. All other terms remained unchanged.

## Other Financing Activity

In  October  2021,  the  joint  venture  that  owns  the  Southaven,  Mississippi  outlet  center  exercised  its  option  to extend the maturity of the Southaven, Mississippi mortgage to April 2023 and paid down the principal balance by $11.3 million to $40.1 million. The outlet center is consolidated for financial reporting purposes and we funded the entire $11.3 million. Additionally, in October 2022, the Southaven, Mississippi joint venture amended and restated its secured mortgage, increasing the outstanding balance to $51.7 million from $40.1 million, extending maturity to October 2026 plus a one year extension option, from April 2023, with an interest rate of Adjusted SOFR plus 200 basis points.

During 2021, we completed the principal payments of certain mortgage notes secured by the Atlantic City property with stated interest rates that ranged from 5.14% to 6.27% and which were scheduled to mature in 2021. The effective interest rate for the remaining notes remains 5.05% as established upon acquisition. The stated rates for the remaining secured notes ranged from 6.44% to 7.65% with maturity dates between December 2024 and December 2026.

The Operating Partnership's debt agreements require the maintenance of certain ratios, including debt service coverage and leverage, and limit the payment of dividends such that dividends and distributions will not exceed funds from operations, as defined in the agreements, for the prior fiscal year on an annual basis or 95% on a cumulative basis.

## Debt Covenants

We have historically  been,  and  at  December  31,  2022  are,  in  compliance  with  all  of  our  debt  covenants.  Our continued compliance with these covenants depends on many factors and could be impacted by current or future economic conditions. Failure to comply with these covenants would result in a default which, if we were unable to cure  or  obtain  a  waiver  from  the  lenders,  could  accelerate  the  repayment  obligations.  Further,  in  the  event  of default, the Company may be restricted from paying dividends to its shareholders in excess of dividends required to maintain its REIT qualification. Accordingly, an event of default could have a material and adverse impact on us. As a result, we have considered our short-term (one year or less from the date of filing these financial statements) liquidity needs and the adequacy of our estimated cash flows from operating activities and other financing sources to meet these needs. These other sources include but are not limited to: existing cash, ongoing relationships with certain financial institutions, our ability to sell debt or issue equity subject to market conditions and proceeds from the  potential  sale  of  non-core  assets.  We  believe  that  we  have  access  to  the  necessary  financing  to  fund  our short-term liquidity needs.

As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all financial and non-financial covenants related to our debt obligations.

Senior unsecured notes financial covenants

Total consolidated debt to adjusted total assets

Total secured debt to adjusted total assets

Total unencumbered assets to unsecured debt

Consolidated Income Available for Debt Service to Annual Debt Service Charge

Required

&lt;60%

&lt;40%

&gt;150%

&gt; 1.5 x

Actual

40 %

2 %

240 %

5.7  x

| Lines of credit and term loan  Required  Actual  Total Liabilities to Total Adjusted Asset Value  &lt;60%  40 %  Secured Indebtedness to Adjusted Unencumbered Asset Value  &lt; 35%  5 %  EBITDA to Fixed Charges  &gt; 1.5 x  4.6  Total Unsecured Indebtedness to Adjusted Unencumbered Asset Value  &lt;60%  35 %  Unencumbered Interest Coverage Ratio  &gt; 1.5 x  5.6   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Debt of unconsolidated joint ventures

The following table details information regarding the outstanding debt of the unconsolidated joint ventures and guarantees of such debt provided by us as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in millions):

| Joint Venture  Total Joint  Venture Debt  Maturity Date  Interest Rate  Percent  Guaranteed  by the  Operating  Partnership  Maximum  Guaranteed  Amount by the  Company  Charlotte  $  100.0  July 2028  4.27 %  - % $  -  Columbus  71.0  October 2032  6.25 %  - %  -  Galveston/Houston  64.5  July 2023  LIBOR + 1.85%  15.5 %  10.0  National Harbor  95.0  January 2030  4.63 %  - %  -  Debt origination costs  (1.5)  $  329.0  $  10.0   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In September 2022, the joint venture that owns the Columbus, Ohio outlet center completed the refinance of its existing $71.0 million mortgage, which had an interest rate of LIBOR + 1.85% and a maturity date of November 2022. The refinanced mortgage remained $71.0 million but became a non-recourse loan with a maturity date in October 2032 and a fixed interest rate of 6.25%.

## Critical Accounting Estimates

The  preparation  of  financial  statements  and  related  disclosures  in  conformity  with  U.S.  generally  accepted accounting principles ('GAAP') and the Company's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results  require  the  Company's  management  to  make  judgments,  assumptions  and  estimates  that  affect  the amounts reported. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes  to  be  reasonable  under  the  circumstances,  the  results  of  which  form  the  basis  for  making  judgments about  the  carrying  values  of  assets  and  liabilities.  Actual  results  may  differ  from  these  estimates,  and  such differences may be material. Management believes the Company's critical accounting estimates are those related to impairment of long-lived assets, impairment of investments, revenue recognition and collectibility of operating lease  receivables.  Management  considers  these  estimates  critical  because  they  are  both  important  to  the portrayal  of  the  Company's  financial  condition  and  operating  results,  and  they  require  management  to  make judgments and estimates about inherently uncertain matters. The Company's senior management has reviewed these critical accounting estimates and related disclosures with the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors.

## Evaluation of Impairment of long-lived assets

Rental property held and used by us is reviewed for impairment in the event that facts and circumstances indicate the  carrying  amount  of  an  asset  may  not  be  recoverable.  In  such  an  event,  we  compare  the  estimated  future undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset to the asset's carrying amount, and if less than such carrying amount, recognize an impairment loss in an amount by which the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. The cash flow estimates used both for determining recoverability and estimating fair value are inherently judgmental and reflect  current  and  projected  trends  in  rental,  occupancy,  capitalization  and  discount  rates,  and  estimated holding periods for the applicable assets. Impairment analyses are based on our current plans, intended holding periods and available market information at the time the analyses are prepared. If our estimates of the projected future cash flows change based on uncertain market conditions or holding periods, our evaluation of impairment losses may be different and such differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements. We have not materially changed the assumptions used in the analysis during the year ended December 31, 2022, and no impairments were identified.

One  of  our  outlet  centers  has  an  estimated  fair  value  significantly  less  than  its  recorded  carrying  value  of approximately $113.0 million. However, based on our current plan with respect to that outlet center, we believe that  its  carrying  amount  is  recoverable  and therefore no impairment charge was recorded. Accordingly, we will continue  to  monitor  circumstances  and  events  in  future  periods  that  could  affect  inputs  such  as  the  expected holding period, operating cash flow forecasts and capitalization rates, utilized to determine whether an impairment charge is necessary. As these inputs are difficult to predict and are subject to future events that may alter our assumptions, the future cash flows estimated by management in its impairment analysis may not be achieved, and actual losses or impairment may be realized in the future.  If in the future we reduce our estimate of cash flow projections, we may need to impair some of these assets. We have not materially changed the assumptions used in the analysis during the year ended December 31, 2022, and we have not taken any impairments of our assets during 2022 .

## Evaluation of Impairment of investments

Our estimates of value for each joint venture investment are based on a number of assumptions that are subject to  economic  and  market  uncertainties  including,  among  others,  estimated  hold  period,  terminal  capitalization rates,  demand  for  space,  competition  for  tenants,  changes  in  market  rental  rates  and  operating  costs  of  the property.  These  above  factors  are  considered  in  the  estimation  process  and  are  subject  to  significant management judgment, difficult to predict and contingent on future events that may alter our assumptions and the values estimated by us in our impairment analysis may not be realized.

## Revenue recognition and collectibility of operating lease receivables

We, as a lessor, retain substantially all of the risks and benefits of ownership of our outlet centers and account for our  leases  as  operating  leases.  We  accrue  fixed  lease  income  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  terms  of  the leases,  when  we  believe  substantially  all  lease  income,  including  the  related  straight-line  rent  receivable,  is probable  of  collection.  Our  assessment  of  collectability  requires  the  exercise  of  considerable  judgment  and incorporates available operational performance measures such as sales and the aging of billed amounts as well as  other  publicly  available  information  with  respect  to  our  tenant's  financial  condition,  liquidity  and  capital resources, including declines in such conditions due to, or amplified by, the COVID-19 pandemic. When a tenant seeks  to  reorganize  its  operations  through  bankruptcy  proceedings,  we  assess  the  collectability  of  receivable balances  including,  among  other  things,  the  timing  of  a  tenant's  bankruptcy  filing  and  our  expectations  of  the assumption by the tenant in bankruptcy proceeding of leases at the Company's properties on substantially similar terms. In the event that we determine accrued receivables are not probable of collection, lease income will be recorded on a cash basis, with the corresponding tenant receivable and straight-line rent receivable charged as a direct write-off against lease income in the period of the change in our collectability determination.

Our financial results for 2020 were materially adversely impacted by COVID-19. During the year ended December 31,  2020,  as  a  direct  result  of  the  pandemic,  bankruptcies  and  restructurings,  the  Company's  earnings  were negatively  impacted  by  approximately  $47.3  million  due  to  (1)  write-offs  related  to  bankruptcies  and  other uncollectible  accounts  due  to  financial  weakness,  (2)  one-time  concessions  in  exchange  for  landlord-favorable amendments to lease structure, (3) reserves for a portion of deferred and under negotiation billings that we expect to  become  uncollectible  in  future  periods  and  (4)  and  write-offs  of  straight-line  rents  associated  with  the bankruptcies and uncollectible accounts. During 2022, we had reversals of revenue reserves of approximately $4.1 million, compared to $1.2 million of net reserves recorded in 2021.

During  2021  and  2022,  our  business  and  financial  results  improved,  and  metrics  such  as  average  occupancy rates, traffic to our centers, sales reported by our tenants, and collections of rental revenues returned to near, at, or in some cases above, pre-pandemic levels. The extent of future tenant requests for rent relief and the impact on our results of operations and cash flows is uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. If store closures were to occur again in our domestic markets, this could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations.

## Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for information on recently adopted accounting standards and new accounting pronouncements issued.

## Non-GAAP Supplemental Measures

## Funds From Operations

Funds From Operations ('FFO') is a widely used measure of the operating performance for real estate companies that  supplements  net  income  (loss)  determined  in  accordance  with  GAAP.  We  determine  FFO  based  on  the definition  set  forth  by  the  National Association  of  Real  Estate  Investment  Trusts  ('Nareit'),  of  which  we  are  a member. In  December  2018,  Nareit  issued  'Nareit  Funds  From  Operations  White  Paper  -  2018  Restatement' which  clarifies,  where  necessary,  existing  guidance  and  consolidates  alerts  and  policy  bulletins  into  a  single document  for  ease  of  use.  Nareit  defines  FFO  as  net  income  (loss)  available  to  the  Company's  common shareholders  computed  in  accordance  with  GAAP,  excluding  (i)  depreciation  and  amortization  related  to  real estate, (ii) gains or losses from sales of certain real estate assets, (iii) gains and losses from change in control, (iv)  impairment  write-downs  of  certain  real  estate  assets  and  investments  in  entities  when  the  impairment  is directly  attributable  to  decreases  in  the  value  of  depreciable  real  estate  held  by  the  entity  and  (v)  after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures calculated to reflect FFO on the same basis.

FFO is intended to exclude historical cost depreciation of real estate as required by GAAP which assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes ratably over time. Historically, however, real estate values have risen or fallen with market conditions. Because FFO excludes depreciation and amortization of real estate assets, gains and  losses  from  property  dispositions  and  extraordinary  items,  it  provides  a  performance  measure  that,  when compared year over year, reflects the impact to operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, development activities and interest costs, providing perspective not immediately apparent from net income (loss).

We present FFO because we consider it an important supplemental measure of our operating performance. In addition, a portion of cash bonus compensation to certain members of management is based on our FFO or Core FFO, which is described in the section below. We believe it is useful for investors to have enhanced transparency into  how  we  evaluate  our  performance  and  that  of  our  management.  In  addition,  FFO  is  frequently  used  by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of REITs, many of which present FFO when  reporting  their  results.  FFO  is  also  widely  used  by  us  and  others  in  our  industry  to  evaluate  and  price potential  acquisition  candidates.  We  believe  that  FFO  payout  ratio,  which  represents  regular  distributions  to common shareholders and unit holders of the Operating Partnership expressed as a percentage of FFO, is useful to investors because it facilitates the comparison of dividend coverage between REITs. Nareit has encouraged its member companies to report their FFO as a supplemental, industry-wide standard measure of REIT operating performance.

FFO has significant limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are:

- FFO  does  not  reflect  our  cash  expenditures,  or  future  requirements,  for  capital  expenditures  or contractual commitments;
- FFO does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;
- Although  depreciation  and  amortization  are  non-cash  charges,  the  assets  being  depreciated  and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and FFO does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and
- Other companies in our industry may calculate FFO differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure.

Because of these limitations, FFO should not be considered as a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest  in  the  growth  of  our  business  or  our  dividend  paying  capacity.  We  compensate  for  these  limitations  by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using FFO only as a supplemental measure.

## Core Funds From Operations

We present Core FFO (formerly referred to as AFFO) as a supplemental measure of our performance. We define Core FFO as FFO further adjusted to eliminate the impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. These further adjustments are itemized in the table below, if applicable. You are encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reasons we consider them appropriate for supplemental analysis. In evaluating Core FFO you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that are the same as  or  similar  to  some  of  the  adjustments  in  this  presentation.  Our  presentation  of  Core  FFO  should  not  be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items.

We present Core FFO because we believe it assists investors and analysts in comparing our performance across reporting  periods  on  a  consistent  basis  by  excluding  items  that  we  do  not  believe  are  indicative  of  our  core operating performance. In addition, we believe it is useful for investors to have enhanced transparency into how we evaluate  management's  performance  and  the  effectiveness  of  our  business  strategies.  We  use  Core  FFO when certain material, unplanned transactions occur as a factor in evaluating management's performance and to evaluate  the  effectiveness  of  our  business  strategies,  and  may  use  Core  FFO  when  determining  incentive compensation.

Core FFO has limitations as an analytical tool. Some of these limitations are:

- Core  FFO  does  not  reflect  our  cash  expenditures,  or  future  requirements,  for  capital  expenditures  or contractual commitments;
- Core FFO does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;
- Although  depreciation  and  amortization  are  non-cash  charges,  the  assets  being  depreciated  and amortized  will  often  have  to  be  replaced  in  the  future,  and  Core  FFO  does  not  reflect  any  cash requirements for such replacements;
- Core FFO does not reflect the impact of certain cash charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations; and
- Other companies in our industry may calculate Core FFO differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure.

Because of these limitations, Core FFO should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Core FFO only as a supplemental measure.

Below is a reconciliation of net income to FFO and Core FFO available to common shareholders (in thousands, except per share amounts):

| 2022  2021  Net income  $  85,831  $  9,558  Adjusted for:  Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets - consolidated  109,513  107,698  Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets - unconsolidated joint ventures  11,018  11,618  Impairment charges - consolidated  (1)  -  6,989  Loss on sale of joint venture property, including foreign currency effect  (2)  -  3,704  Gain on sale of assets  (3,156)  -  FFO  203,206  139,567  Allocation of earnings to participating securities  (1,683)  (1,453)  FFO available to common shareholders  (3)  $ 201,523  $ 138,114  As further adjusted for:  Compensation related to voluntary retirement plan and other executive officer severance and  retirement  (4)  2,447  3,579  Casualty gain  -  (969)  Gain on sale of non-real estate asset  (6)  (2,418)  Loss on early extinguishment of debt  (5)  222  47,860  Impact of above adjustments to the allocation of earnings to participating securities  (2)  (224)  Core FFO available to common shareholders  (3)  $ 201,772  $ 188,360  FFO available to common shareholders per share - diluted  (3)  $  1.83  $  1.29  Core FFO available to common shareholders per share - diluted  (3)  $  1.83  $  1.76  Weighted Average Shares:  Basic weighted average common shares  103,687  100,418  Effect of notional units  1,240  809  Effect of outstanding options and restricted common shares  709  752  Diluted weighted average common shares (for earnings per share computations)  105,636  101,979  Exchangeable operating partnership units  4,759  4,790  Diluted weighted average common shares (for FFO and Core FFO per share  computations)  (3)  110,395  106,769   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The 2021 amount includes $563,000 of impairment loss attributable to the right-of-use asset associated with the ground lease at the Mashantucket (Foxwoods), Connecticut outlet center.

(2) Includes a $3.6 million charge related to the foreign currency effect of the sale of the Saint-Sauveur, Quebec property by the RioCan joint venture in March 2021.

(3) Assumes  the  Class  A  common  limited  partnership  units  of  the  Operating  Partnership  held  by  the  noncontrolling  interests  are exchanged for common shares of the Company. Each Class A common limited partnership unit is exchangeable for one of the Company's common shares, subject to certain limitations to preserve the Company's REIT status.

(4) The 2021 amount includes compensation cost related to a voluntary retirement plan offer which required eligible participants to give notice of acceptance by December 1, 2020 for an effective retirement date of March 31, 2021. The 2021 and 2022 amounts include executive officer severance costs incurred during those years.

(5) In April 2021, the Company completed a partial redemption of $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of its $250.0 million 3.875% senior  notes  due  December  2023  for  $163.0  million  in  cash.  In  September  2021,  the  Company  completed  a  redemption  of  the remaining senior notes due 2023, $100.0 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding, and all of its 3.750% senior notes due 2024, $250.0 million in aggregate principal outstanding, for $381.9 million in cash. The loss on extinguishment of debt for 2021 includes make-whole premiums of $44.9 million for both of these redemptions. In October 2022, the Company refinanced its Term Loan to add $25.0 million of borrowing capacity and extend the maturity to January 2027 plus a one-year extension option as well as change the interest rate from LIBOR + 1.25% to Adjusted SOFR + 1.20%.

(6) Represents gain on sale of the corporate aircraft.

## Portfolio Net Operating Income and Same Center NOI

We present portfolio net operating income ('Portfolio NOI') and same center net operating income ('Same Center NOI') as supplemental measures of our operating performance. Portfolio NOI represents our property level net operating income which is defined as total operating revenues less property operating expenses and excludes termination  fees  and  non-cash  adjustments  including  straight-line  rent,  net  above  and  below  market  rent amortization, impairment charges, loss on early extinguishment of debt, and gains or losses on the sale of assets recognized during the periods presented. We define Same Center NOI as Portfolio NOI for the properties that were  operational  for  the  entire  portion  of  both  comparable  reporting  periods  and  which  were  not  acquired,  or subject  to  a  material  expansion  or  non-recurring  event,  such  as  a  natural  disaster,  during  the  comparable reporting periods.

We believe Portfolio NOI and Same Center NOI are non-GAAP metrics used by industry analysts, investors and management  to  measure  the  operating  performance  of  our  properties  because  they  provide  performance measures directly related to the revenues and expenses involved in owning and operating real estate assets and provide a perspective not immediately apparent from net income (loss), FFO or Core FFO. Because Same Center NOI excludes properties developed, redeveloped, acquired and sold; as well as non-cash adjustments, gains or losses on the sale of outparcels and termination rents; it highlights operating trends such as occupancy levels, rental rates and operating costs on properties that were operational for both comparable periods. Other REITs may  use  different  methodologies  for  calculating  Portfolio  NOI  and  Same  Center  NOI,  and  accordingly,  our Portfolio NOI and Same Center NOI may not be comparable to other REITs.

Portfolio NOI and Same Center NOI should not be considered alternatives to net income (loss) or as an indicator of our financial performance since they do not reflect the entire operations of our portfolio, nor do they reflect the impact of general and administrative expenses, acquisition-related expenses, interest expense, depreciation and amortization  costs,  other  non-property  income  and  losses,  the  level  of  capital  expenditures  and  leasing  costs necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, or trends in development and construction activities  which  are  significant  economic  costs  and  activities  that  could  materially  impact  our  results  from operations. Because of these limitations, Portfolio NOI and Same Center NOI should not be viewed in isolation or as  a  substitute  for  performance  measures  calculated  in  accordance  with  GAAP.  We  compensate  for  these limitations  by  relying  primarily  on  our  GAAP  results  and  using  Portfolio  NOI  and  Same  Center  NOI  only  as supplemental measures.

Below is a reconciliation of net income to Portfolio NOI and Same Center NOI for the consolidated portfolio (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  Net income  $  85,831  $  9,558  Adjusted to exclude:  Equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures  (8,594)  (8,904)  Interest expense  46,967  52,866  Gain on sale of assets  (3,156)  -  Loss on early extinguishment of debt  (1)  222  47,860  Other (income) expense  (6,029)  1,595  Impairment charges  -  6,989  Depreciation and amortization  111,904  110,008  Other non-property expenses  312  165  Corporate general and administrative expenses  71,657  66,023  Non-cash adjustments  (2)  3,132  2,316  Lease termination fees  (2,870)  (2,225)  Portfolio NOI - Consolidated  299,376  286,251  Non-same center NOI - Consolidated  (1,296)  (2,794)  Same Center NOI - Consolidated  (3)  $  298,080  $  283,457   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) In April 2021, the Company completed a partial redemption of $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of its $250.0 million 3.875% senior  notes  due  December  2023  for  $163.0  million  in  cash.  In  September  2021,  the  Company  completed  a  redemption  of  the remaining senior notes due 2023, $100.0 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding, and all of its 3.750% senior notes due 2024, $250.0 million in aggregate principal outstanding, for $381.9 million in cash. The loss on extinguishment of debt for 2021 includes make-whole premiums of $44.9 million for both of these redemptions.  In October 2022, the Company refinanced its Term Loan to add $25.0 million of borrowing capacity and extend the maturity to January 2027 plus a one-year extension option as well as change the interest rate from LIBOR + 1.25% to Adjusted SOFR + 1.20%.

(2) Non-cash items include straight-line rent, above and below market rent amortization, straight-line rent expense on land leases and gains or losses on outparcel sales, as applicable.

(3) Sold outlet centers excluded from Same Center NOI Cash Basis:

## Outlet centers sold:

| Jeffersonville  January 2021  Blowing Rock  December 2022   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|

## Adjusted EBITDA, EBITDAre and Adjusted EBITDAre

We present  Earnings  Before  Interest,  Taxes,  Depreciation  and Amortization  ('EBITDA')  as  adjusted  for  items described  below  ('Adjusted  EBITDA'),  EBITDA  for  Real  Estate  ('EBITDAre')  and Adjusted  EBITDAre,  all  nonGAAP measures, as supplemental measures of our operating performance. Each of these measures is defined as follows:

We  define  Adjusted  EBITDA  as  net  income  (loss)  computed  in  accordance  with  GAAP  before  net  interest expense,  income  taxes  (if  applicable),  depreciation  and  amortization,  gains  and  losses  on  sale  of  operating properties, joint venture properties, outparcels and other assets, impairment write-downs of depreciated property and of investment in unconsolidated joint ventures caused by a decrease in value of depreciated property in the affiliate, compensation related to voluntary retirement plan and other executive officer severance, casualty gains and  losses,  gains  and  losses  on  early  extinguishment  of  debt,  net  and  other  items  that  we  do  not  consider indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance.

We  determine  EBITDAre  based  on  the  definition  set  forth  by  Nareit,  which  is  defined  as  net  income  (loss) computed in accordance with GAAP before net interest expense, income taxes (if applicable), depreciation and amortization,  gains  and  losses  on  sale  of  operating  properties,  gains  and  losses  on  change  of  control  and impairment write-downs of depreciated property and of investment in unconsolidated joint ventures caused by a decrease  in  value  of  depreciated  property  in  the  affiliate  and  after  adjustments  to  reflect  our  share  of  the EBITDAre of unconsolidated joint ventures.

Adjusted  EBITDAre  is  defined  as  EBITDAre  excluding  gains  and  losses  on  early  extinguishment  of  debt,  net, casualty  gains  and  losses,  compensation  related  to  voluntary  retirement  plan  and  other  executive  officer severance, casualty gains and losses, gains and losses on sale of outparcels, and other items that that we do not consider indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance.

We present Adjusted EBITDA, EBITDAre and Adjusted EBITDAre as we believe they are useful for investors, creditors  and  rating  agencies  as  they  provide  additional  performance  measures  that  are  independent  of  a Company's  existing  capital  structure  to  facilitate  the  evaluation  and  comparison  of  the  Company's  operating performance to other REITs and provide a more consistent metric for comparing the operating performance of the Company's real estate between periods.

Adjusted EBITDA, EBITDAre and Adjusted EBITDAre have significant limitations as analytical tools, including:

- They do not reflect our interest expense;
- They  do  not  reflect  gains  or  losses  on  sales  of  operating  properties  or  impairment  write-downs  of depreciated property and of investment in unconsolidated joint ventures caused by a decrease in value of depreciated property in the affiliate;
- Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDAre do not reflect gains and losses on extinguishment of debt and other items that may affect operations; and
- Other  companies  in  our  industry  may  calculate  these  measures  differently  than  we  do,  limiting  its usefulness as a comparative measure.

Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA, EBITDAre and Adjusted EBITDAre should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Adjusted EBITDA, EBITDAre and Adjusted EBITDAre only as supplemental measures.

Below is a reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  Net income  $  85,831  $  9,558  Adjusted to exclude:  Interest expense, net  (6)  43,372  52,426  Income tax expense  (7)  138  153  Depreciation and amortization  111,904  110,008  Impairment charges - consolidated  (1)  -  6,989  Loss on sale of joint venture property, including foreign currency effect  (2)  -  3,704  Gain on sale of assets  (3,156)  -  Compensation related to voluntary retirement plan and other executive severance  (3)  2,447  3,579  Gain on sale of non-real estate asset  (5)  (2,418)  -  Casualty gain  -  (969)  Loss on early extinguishment of debt  (4)  222  47,860  Adjusted EBITDA  $  238,340  $  233,308   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Below is a reconciliation of Net Income to EBITDAre and Adjusted EBITDAre (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  Net income  $  85,831  $  9,558  Adjusted to exclude:  Interest expense, net  (6)  43,372  52,426  Income tax expense  (7)  138  153  Depreciation and amortization  111,904  110,008  Impairment charges - consolidated  (1)  -  6,989  Loss on sale of joint venture property, including foreign currency effect  (2)  -  3,704  Gain on sale of assets  (3,156)  -  Pro-rata share of interest expense - unconsolidated joint ventures  7,087  5,858  Pro-rata share of depreciation and amortization - unconsolidated joint ventures  11,018  11,618  EBITDAre  $  256,194  $  200,314  Compensation related to voluntary retirement plan and other executive severance  (3)  2,447  3,579  Casualty gain  -  (969)  Gain on sale of non-real estate asset  (5)  (2,418)  -  Loss on early extinguishment of debt  (4)  222  47,860  Adjusted EBITDAre  $  256,445  $  250,784   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The 2021 amount includes $563,000 of impairment loss attributable to the right-of-use asset associated with the ground lease at the Mashantucket (Foxwoods), Connecticut outlet center.

(2) Includes a $3.6 million charge related to the foreign currency effect of the sale of the Saint-Sauveur, Quebec property by the RioCan joint venture in March 2021.

(3) The 2021 amount includes compensation costs related to a voluntary retirement plan offer which required eligible participants to give notice of acceptance by December 1, 2020 for an effective retirement date of March 31, 2021. The 2021 and 2022 amounts include executive officer severance costs incurred during those years

(4) In October 2022, the Company refinanced its Term Loan to add $25.0 million of borrowing capacity and extended the maturity to January 2027 plus a one-year extension option as well as changed the interest rate from LIBOR + 1.25% to Adjusted SOFR + 1.20%. In April 2021, the Company completed a partial redemption of $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of its $250.0 million 3.875% senior notes due December 2023 for $163.0 million in cash. In September 2021, the Company completed a redemption of the remaining senior notes due 2023, $100.0 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding, and all of its 3.750% senior notes due 2024, $250.0 million in aggregate principal outstanding, for $381.9 million in cash. The loss on extinguishment of debt for 2021 includes make-whole premiums of $44.9 million for both of these redemptions.

(5) Represents gain on sale of the corporate aircraft.

(6) Includes  interest  expense  less  interest  income,  which  is  included  in  other  income  on  our  statement  of  operations.  In  2022,  we revised our presentation of interest expense to show this net of interest income. Prior period results have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.

(7) In 2022, income tax expense was added back in a separate line to arrive at EBITDA and EBITDAre. Prior period results have been revised to conform with the current period presentation.

## Economic Conditions and Outlook

We are closely monitoring the impact of supply chain and labor issues, inflationary pressures, rising interest rates and the overall macroeconomic environment on all aspects of our business and geographies, including how it will impact our tenants and business partners.

The majority of our leases contain provisions designed to mitigate the impact of inflation. Such provisions include clauses for the escalation of base rent and clauses enabling us to receive percentage rentals based on tenants' gross sales (above predetermined levels) which generally increase as prices rise. A component of most leases includes a pro-rata share or escalating fixed contributions by the tenant for property operating expenses, including common  area  maintenance,  real  estate  taxes,  insurance  and  advertising  and  promotion,  thereby  reducing exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation.

A portion of our rental revenues are derived from rents that directly depend on the sales volume of certain tenants. Accordingly, declines in these tenants' sales would reduce the income produced by our properties. If the sales or profitability  of  our  retail  tenants  decline  sufficiently,  whether  due  to  a  change  in  consumer  preferences,  health concerns, legislative changes that increase the cost of their operations or otherwise, such tenants may be unable to pay their existing rents as such rents would represent a higher percentage of their sales.

In addition, certain of our lease agreements include co-tenancy and/or sales-based provisions that may allow a tenant to  pay  reduced  rent  and/or  terminate  a  lease  prior  to  its  natural  expiration  if  we  fail  to  maintain  certain occupancy  levels  or  retain  specified  named  tenants,  or  if  the  tenant  does  not  achieve  certain  specified  sales targets. If our occupancy declines, certain outlet centers may fall below the minimum co-tenancy thresholds and could  trigger  many  tenants'  contractual  ability  to  pay  reduced  rents,  which  in  turn  may  negatively  impact  our results of operations. Our occupancy at our consolidated centers improved from 95% at the end of 2021 to 97% at the end of 2022.

Our outlet  centers  typically  include  well-known,  national,  branded  companies.  By  maintaining  a  broad  base  of well-known  tenants  and  a  geographically  diverse  portfolio  of  properties  located  across  the  United  States,  we believe we reduce our operating and leasing risks. During the year ended December 31, 2022, no one tenant (including affiliates) accounted for more than 7% of our square feet or 6% of our rental revenues.

Due to the relatively short-term nature of our tenants' leases, a significant portion of the leases in our portfolio come up for renewal each year. During 2023, approximately 1.7 million square feet, or 14% to the total portfolio including our share of unconsolidated joint ventures, will come up for renewal. For the total portfolio, including the Company's  pro  rata  share  of  unconsolidated  joint  ventures,  as  of  January  31,  2023,  we  had  lease  renewals executed or in process for 41.0% of the space scheduled to expire during 2023 compared to 29.8% of the space scheduled to expire during 2022 that was executed or in process as of January 31, 2022. As of January 31, 2023, we had lease renewals executed or in process for approximately 79.2% of the space that came up for renewal in 2022.

The  current  challenging  retail  environment  has  impacted  our  business  as  our  operations  are  subject  to  the operating results and operating decisions of our retail tenants. We continue to be encouraged by the stability of our sales trends which remain elevated above pre-pandemic levels. However, many retailers across the country are currently facing, or expect to face, potential impact of logistics and staffing issues, although there has been improvement in  these  areas  in  2022.  While  we  believe  many  of  these  retailers  are  proactively  navigating  this situation, the ultimate impact of inflation, labor and supply chain issues and overall macroeconomic environment is unknown.

We believe retail real estate will continue to be a profitable and fundamental distribution channel for many brands and retailers. While we continue to attract and retain additional tenants, if we were unable to successfully renew or re-lease a significant amount of this space on favorable economic terms or in a timely manner, the loss in rent and  our  Same  Center  NOI  could  be    negatively  impacted  in  future  periods.    Occupancy  at  our  consolidated centers was 96.9% and 95.1% as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

## Market Risk

We are  exposed  to  various  market  risks,  including  changes  in  interest  rates.  Market  risk  is  the  potential  loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates.

## Interest Rate Risk

We may periodically enter into certain interest rate protection and interest rate swap agreements to effectively convert  existing  floating  rate  debt  to  a  fixed  rate  basis.  We  do  not  enter  into  derivatives  or  other  financial instruments  for  trading  or  speculative  purposes.  We  currently  have  interest  rate  swap  agreements  to  fix  the interest rates on outstanding debt with notional amounts totaling $300.0 million. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details related to our outstanding derivatives.

As of December 31, 2022, 5% of our outstanding consolidated debt, excluding the amount of variable rate debt with interest rate protection agreements in place, had variable interest rates and therefore was subject to market fluctuations.  A  change  in  the  SOFR  index  of  100  basis  points  would  result  in  an  increase  or  decrease  of approximately $767,000 in interest expense on an annual basis.

The interest rate spreads associated with our unsecured lines of credit and our unsecured term loan are based on the  higher  of  our  two  investment  grade  credit  ratings.  As  of  December  31,  2022,  there  were  no  outstanding balances under our unsecured lines of credit. An increase in our credit rating would provide a decrease in interest expense. If downgrades to our credit ratings occur, interest expense could increase depending upon the level of downgrade.

The information presented herein is merely an estimate and has limited predictive value. As a result, the ultimate effect upon our operating results of interest rate fluctuations will depend on the interest rate exposures that arise during the period, our hedging strategies at that time and future changes in the level of interest rates.

The estimated fair value and recorded value of our debt consisting of senior unsecured notes, unsecured term loans, secured mortgages and unsecured lines of credit was as follows (in thousands):

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Fair value of debt  $  1,268,362  $  1,445,337  Recorded value of debt  $  1,428,494  $  1,397,076   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A 100 basis point increase from prevailing interest rates at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 would result  in  a  decrease  in  fair  value  of  total  consolidated  debt  of  approximately  $44.3  million  and  $66.0  million, respectively.  Refer  to  Note  10  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  for  a  description  of  our  methodology  in calculating the estimated fair value of debt. Considerable judgment is necessary to develop estimated fair values of financial instruments. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts we could realize on the disposition of the financial instruments.

## Foreign Currency Risk

We are also exposed to foreign currency risk on investments in outlet centers that are located in Canada. Our currency  exposure  is  concentrated  in  the  Canadian  Dollar.  To  mitigate  some  of  the  risk  related  to  changes  in foreign  currency,  cash  flows  received  from  our  Canadian  joint  ventures  are  either  reinvested  to  fund  ongoing Canadian  development  activities,  if  applicable,  or  converted  to  US  dollars  and  utilized  to  repay  amounts outstanding under our unsecured lines of credit, if any. Accordingly, cash held in Canadian Dollars at any point in time is insignificant. We generally do not hedge currency translation exposures.

## ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The information required by this Item is set forth on the pages indicated in Item 15(a) below.

## ITEM 9. CHANGES  IN  AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

Not applicable.

## ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

## Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.

- (a) Evaluation of disclosure control procedures.

The President and Chief Executive Officer, Stephen J. Yalof (Principal Executive Officer), and Executive Vice President,  Chief  Financial  Officer  and  Chief  Investment  Officer,  Michael  J.  Bilerman    (Principal  Financial Officer),  evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  Company's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  and  concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the information the Company is required to disclose in its filings with the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded,  processed,  summarized  and  reported,  within  the  time  periods  specified  in  the  SEC's  rules  and forms, and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits  under  the  Exchange  Act  is  accumulated  and  communicated  to  the  Company's  management, including  the  Principal  Executive  Officer  and  Principal  Financial  Officer,  as  appropriate  to  allow  timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

- (b) Management's report on internal control over financial reporting.

Internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act,  is  a  process  designed  by,  or  under  the  supervision  of,  the  Company's  Principal  Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the Company's board  of  directors,  management  and  other  personnel,  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  The  Company's  management,  with  the  participation  of  the Company's  Principal  Executive  Officer  and  Principal  Financial  Officer,  is  responsible  for  establishing  and maintaining  policies  and  procedures  designed  to  maintain  the  adequacy  of  the  Company's  internal  control over financial reporting, including those policies and procedures that:

- (1) Pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that  in  reasonable  detail  accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
- (2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and  expenditures  of  the  Company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with  authorizations  of management and directors of the Company; and
- (3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use  or  disposition  of  the  Company's  assets  that  could  have  a  material  effect  on  the  financial statements.

The Company's management has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting  as  of  December  31,  2022  based  on  the  criteria  established  in  a  report  entitled  Internal  ControlIntegrated  Framework  (2013),  issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment and those criteria, the Company's management has concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022.

Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.

- (c) There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during our last  fiscal  quarter  ended  December  31,  2022  that  have  materially  affected,  or  are  reasonably  likely  to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

## Tanger Properties Limited Partnership

- (a) Evaluation of disclosure control procedures.

The President and Chief Executive Officer, Stephen J. Yalof (Principal Executive Officer), and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer, Michael J. Bilerman (Principal Financial Officer) of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc., the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, evaluated the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership's disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership's disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

- (b) Management's report on internal control over financial reporting.

Internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act,  is  a  process  designed  by,  or  under  the  supervision  of,  the  Principal  Executive  Officer  and Principal  Financial  Officer  of  the  Operating  Partnership's  general  partner,  or  persons  performing  similar functions,  and  effected  by  the  general  partner's  board  of  directors,  management  and  other  personnel,  to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Management, with the participation of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the general partner, is responsible for establishing and maintaining policies and procedures designed to maintain the adequacy of the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting, including those policies and procedures that:

- (1) Pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that  in  reasonable  detail  accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Operating Partnership;
- (2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Operating Partnership are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the board of directors of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc., as the Operating Partnership's sole general partner; and
- (3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use  or  disposition  of  the  Operating  Partnership's  assets  that  could  have  a  material  effect  on  the financial statements.

Management has evaluated the effectiveness  of  the  Operating  Partnership's  internal  control  over  financial reporting  as  of  December  31,  2022  based  on  the  criteria  established  in  a  report  entitled  Internal  ControlIntegrated  Framework  (2013),  issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment and those criteria, management has concluded that the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting was effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022.

Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

The effectiveness of the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.

- (c) There were no changes in the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting identified in connection  with  the  evaluation  required  by  paragraph  (d)  of  Exchange  Act  Rules  13a-15  or  15d-15  that occurred  during  our  last  fiscal  quarter  ended  December  31,  2022  that  have  materially  affected,  or  are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

## ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

All information required to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of 2022 was reported.

## ITEM 9C.          DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

## PART III

Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this Report in that the Company will file a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, or the Proxy Statement, not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Report, and certain information included therein is incorporated herein by reference. Only those sections of the Proxy Statement which specifically address the items set forth herein are incorporated by reference.

## ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The information concerning the Company's directors required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed with respect to the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

The  information  concerning  the  Company's  executive  officers  required  by  this  Item  is  incorporated  herein  by reference to the section at the end of Part I, entitled 'Information About The Executive Officers of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.'

The information concerning our Company Code of Ethics required by this Item, which is posted on our website at www.tangeroutlet.com,  is  incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  the  Company's  Proxy  Statement  to  be  filed  with respect  to  the  Company's  2023  Annual  Meeting  of  Shareholders.  The  information  found  on,  or  otherwise accessible through, our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report or document we file with or furnish to the SEC.

The  additional  information  required  by  this  Item  is  incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  the  Company's  Proxy Statement to be filed with respect to the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

## ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed with respect to the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

## ITEM 12. SECURITY  OWNERSHIP  OF  CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS  AND  MANAGEMENT  AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS.

The information concerning the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management required by this Item  is  incorporated  by  reference  herein  to  the  Company's  Proxy  Statement  to  be  filed  with  respect  to  the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

The table below provides information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. For each common share issued by the Company, the Operating Partnership issues one corresponding unit of partnership interest to the Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries. Therefore, when the Company grants an equity based award, the Operating Partnership treats each award as having been granted by the Operating Partnership. In the discussion below, the term "we" refers to the Company and the Operating Partnership together and the term "common shares" is meant to also include corresponding units of the Operating Partnership.

| Plan Category  (a)  Number of  Securities to be  Issued Upon  Exercise of  Outstanding  Options, Warrants  and Rights  (b)  Weighted  Average  Exercise Price  of  Outstanding  Options,  Warrants and  Rights  (c)  Number of Securities  Remaining Available  for Future Issuance  Under Equity  Compensation Plans  (Excluding Securities  Reflected in Column  (a))  Equity compensation plans approved by  security holders  2,528,207  (1)  $  17.65  1,514,000  (2)  Equity compensation plans not approved  by security holders  1,000,000  (3)  7.15  -  Total  3,528,207  $  11.53  1,514,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (1) Includes (a) 716,800 common shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options (293,300 of which are vested and exercisable), (b) 758,814 restricted common shares that may be issued under the 2020 Performance Share Plan (the  "2020  PSP")  upon  the  satisfaction  of  certain  conditions,  (c)  559,763  restricted  common  shares  that  may  be issued under the 2021 Performance Share Plan (the "2021 PSP") upon the satisfaction of certain conditions and (d) 492,829 restricted common shares that may be issued under the 2022 Performance Share Plan (the "2022 PSP") upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. Because there is no exercise price associated with the 2020, 2021 and 2022  PSP  awards,  such  restricted  common  shares  are  not  included  in  the  weighted  average  exercise  price calculation.
- (2) Represents common shares available for issuance under the Amended and Restated Incentive Award Plan. Under the Amended and Restated Incentive Award Plan, the Company may award restricted common shares, restricted share units, performance awards, dividend equivalents, deferred shares, deferred share units, share payments profit interests, and share appreciation rights.
- (3) Includes 1,000,000 common shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options (750,000 of which are vested and exercisable) that were issued to our Chief Executive Officer, Stephen J. Yalof, as an inducement to his entering into employment with the Company and were granted outside of the Company's shareholder approved equity plan pursuant to New York Stock Exchange rules. The options to purchase common shares have an exercise price of $7.15. One-fourth of the options vested on December 31, 2020, followed by another one-fourth which vested on each of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, and the remaining options will vest on December 31, 2023, subject to Mr. Yalof's continued employment through the vesting date. Vested options will become exercisable on and after the date the fair market value of the Common Shares underlying the options is at least equal to 110% of the exercise price of the options.

## ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed with respect to the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

## ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed with respect to the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

## PART IV

## ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

## (a) (1) and (2) Documents filed as a part of this report:

| (a) (1) Financial Statements  Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Tanger Factory Outlet Centers,  Inc.) (PCAOB ID No. 34)  F-1  Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Tanger Properties Limited  Partnership) (PCAOB ID No. 34)  F-4  Financial Statements of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.  Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021  F-7  Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  F-8  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Years Ended December 31, 2022,  2021 and 2020  F-9  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity - Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021  and 2020  F-10  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  F-13  Financial Statements of Tanger Properties Limited Partnership  Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021  F-14  Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  F-15  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Years Ended December 31, 2022,  2021 and 2020  F-16  Consolidated Statements of Equity - Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  F-17  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  F-18  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. and Tanger  Properties Limited Partnership)  F-19  (a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules  Schedule III  Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation  F-58   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All  other schedules have been omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is given in the above-listed financial statements or notes thereto.

## 3. Exhibits

| Exhibit No.  Description  3.1  Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,  1996.)  3.1A  Amendment  to  Amended  and  Restated  Articles  of  Incorporation  dated  May  29,  1996.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1A to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for  the year ended December 31, 1996.)  3.1B  Amendment  to  Amended  and  Restated  Articles  of  Incorporation  dated  August  20,  1998.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1B to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for  the year ended December 31, 1998.)  3.1C  Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation dated September 30, 1999.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1C to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for  the year ended December 31, 1999.)  3.1D  Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles  of  Incorporation  dated  November  10,  2005.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated  November 10, 2005.)  3.1E  Amendment  to  Amended  and  Restated  Articles  of  Incorporation  dated  June  13,  2007.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1E of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended June 30, 2007.)  3.1F  Articles  of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation dated August 27,  2008. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1F of the Company's current report on Form 8-K  dated August 29, 2008.)  3.1G  Articles of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Tanger Factory  Outlet  Centers,  Inc.  dated  May  18,  2011.  (Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  3.1  of  the  Company's and Operating Partnership's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended  June 30, 2011.)  3.1H  Articles of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Tanger Factory  Outlet  Centers,  Inc.,  dated  May  24,  2012.  (Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  3.1H  to  the  Company's and Operating Partnership's Form S-3 dated June 7, 2012.)  3.2  By-laws of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. restated to reflect all amendments through May  18,  2012.  (Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  3.2  to  the  Company's  and  Operating  Partnership's Form S-3 dated June 7, 2012.)  3.3  Tanger  Properties  Limited  Partnership  Second  Amended  and  Restated  Limited  Partnership  Agreement,  dated  November  12,  2021  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  3.1  to  the  Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 12, 2021)  4.1  Senior Indenture dated as of March 1, 1996. (Incorporated by reference to the exhibits to the  Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 6, 1996.)  4.1A  Sixth  Supplemental  Indenture  (Supplement  to  Senior  Indenture  dated  as  of  March  1,  1996)  dated July 2, 2009. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Company's Registration  Statement on Form S-3 filed on July 2, 2009.)  4.1B  Seventh Supplemental Indenture (Supplement to Senior Indenture dated March 1, 1996) dated  June  7,  2010.  (Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.1  to  the  Company's  and  Operating  Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 7, 2010.)  4.1C  Eighth Supplemental Indenture (Supplement to Senior Indenture dated March 1, 1996) dated  November 25, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's and Operating  Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 25, 2013.)  4.1D  Ninth Supplemental Indenture (Supplement to Senior Indenture dated March 1, 1996) dated  November 21, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's and Operating  Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 21, 2014.)  4.1E  Tenth Supplemental Indenture (Supplement to Senior Indenture dated as of March 1, 1996)  dated August 8, 2016. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company's and  Operating Partnership's Report on Form 8-K dated August 8, 2016.)  4.1F  First Amendment, dated October 13, 2016, to Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated August 8,  2016.  (Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.1  filed  with  the  Company's  and  Operating  Partnership's Report on Form 8-K dated October 13, 2016.)  4.1G  Eleventh Supplemental Indenture (Supplement to Senior Indenture dated as of March 1, 1996)  dated as of July 3, 2017. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company's  and Operating Partnership's Report on Form 8-K dated July 3, 2017.)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 4.1H  Twelfth  Supplemental  Indenture,  dated  as  of  August  10,  2021,  between  Tanger  Properties  Limited  Partnership  and  U.S.  Bank  National  Association  (as  successor  in  interest  to  State  Street  Bank  and  Trust  Company)  (Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.1  filed  with  the  Company's and Operating Partnership's Report on Form 8-K dated August 10, 2021).  4.1I  Tanger Properties Limited Partnership Libor Transition Amendment to the Fourth Amended and  Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 23, 2021.  4.1J  Tanger  Properties  Limited  Partnership  Third  Amended  to  Restated  Term  Loan  Agreement  dated  as  of  October  12,  2022  (Incorporated  by  reference  to  exhibit  10.01  filed  with  the  Company's and Operating Partnership's Report on form 8-K dated  October 12, 2022).  4.1K  Tanger  Properties  Limited  Partnership  Libor  Transition Amendment  to  Fourth Amended  and  Restated Liquidity Credit Agreement dated as of July 13, 2021.  4.2  Description of Common Shares. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's  and Operating Partnership's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,  2019)  10.1 *  Incentive Award  Plan  of  Tanger  Factory  Outlet  Centers,  Inc.  and  Tanger  Properties  Limited  Partnership (Amended and Restated as of April 4, 2014) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.2  to  the  Company's  and  Operating  Partnership's  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter ended June 30, 2014.)  10.1A *  2018 Declaration of Amendment to Incentive Award Plan of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.  and Tanger Properties Limited Partnership. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the  Company's and Operating Partnership's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended  March 31, 2018.)  10.1B*  2019 Declaration of Amendment to Incentive Award Plan of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.  and Tanger Properties Limited Partnership (As Amended and Restated as of April 4, 2014), as  amended, dated as of March 29, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the  Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated August 5, 2019.)  10.2 *  Form of Non-Qualified Share Option Agreement between Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.,  Tanger Properties Limited Partnership and certain employees. (Incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's and Operating Partnership's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for  the quarter ended June 30, 2011.)  10.3  Registration  Rights Agreement  among  the  Company,  the Tanger  Family  Limited  Partnership  and  Stanley  K.  Tanger.  (Incorporated  by  reference  to  the  exhibits  to  the  Company's  Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed May 27, 1993, as amended.)  10.3A  Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement among the Company, the Tanger Family Limited  Partnership and Stanley K. Tanger. (Incorporated by reference to the exhibits to the Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995.)  10.3B  Second Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement among the Company, the Tanger Family  Limited  Partnership  and  Stanley  K.  Tanger  dated  September  4,  2002.  (Incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 10.11B to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2003.)  10.3C  Third Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement among the Company, the Tanger Family  Limited  Partnership  and  Stanley  K.  Tanger  dated  December  5,  2003.  (Incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 10.11B to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2003.)  10.3D  Fourth Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement among the Company, the Tanger Family  Limited Partnership and Stanley K. Tanger dated August 8, 2006. (Incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.12D to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3, dated August 9, 2006.)  10.3E  Fifth Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement among the Company, The Tanger Family  Limited Partnership and Stanley K. Tanger dated August 10, 2009. (Incorporated by reference  to Exhibit 1.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 14, 2009.)  10.4  Registration Rights Agreement amount Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc., Tanger Properties  Limited Partnership and DPSW Deer Park LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to  the Company's and the Operating Partnership's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter  ended September 30, 2013.)  10.5  Agreement Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. (Incorporated by reference to  the  exhibits  to  the  Company's  Registration  Statement  on  Form  S-11  filed  May  27,  1993,  as  amended.)  10.6  Assignment  and  Assumption  Agreement  among  Stanley  K.  Tanger,  Stanley  K.  Tanger  &amp;  Company, the Tanger Family Limited Partnership, the Operating Partnership and the Company.  (Incorporated by reference to the exhibits to the Company's Registration Statement on Form  S-11 filed May 27, 1993, as amended.)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 10.7  COROC  Holdings,  LLC  Limited  Liability  Company  Agreement  dated  October  3,  2003.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated  December 8, 2003.)  10.8  Form of Shopping Center Management Agreement between owners of COROC Holdings, LLC  and Tanger Properties Limited Partnership. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the  Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 8, 2003.)  10.9 *  Form of Restricted Share Agreement between the Company and certain Officers. (Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.17  to  the  Company's  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2008.)  10.10*  Form  of  Restricted  Share  Agreement  between  the  Company  and  certain  Directors.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2005.)  10.11*  Form  of  Tanger  Factory  Outlet  Centers,  Inc.  Notional  Unit  Award  Agreement  between  the  Company and certain Officers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2010.)  10.12*  Director  Deferred  Share  Program  of  Tanger  Factory  Outlet  Centers,  Inc.  and  Tanger  Properties Limited Partnership. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company's  and the Operating Partnership's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December  31, 2012.)  10.13*  Form  of  Outperformance  Plan  Notional  Unit Award  agreement  between  the  Company  and  Certain Officers.(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's and Operating  Partnership's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018.)  10.14*  Form  of  Outperformance  Plan  Notional  Unit Award  agreement  between  the  Company  and  Steven B. Tanger. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's and Operating  Partnership's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018.)  10.15*  Form of 2018 Restricted Share Unit Agreement between the Company and Steven B. Tanger.  (Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.4  to  the  Company's  and  Operating  Partnership's  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018.)  10.16  Third Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement  dated as of October 12, 2022 between  Tanger Properties Limited Partnership, Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc., and Wells Fargo  Bank,  National  Association,  as  Administrative  Agent,  and  the  lenders  party  thereto  (Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.1  to  the  Company's  and  Operating  Partnership's  Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 12, 2022).  10.17  Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2021, by and among  Tanger  Properties  Limited  Partnership,  as  the  Borrower,  Bank  of  America,  N.A.,  as  Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer, and the Other Lenders Party Thereto, BofA Securities,  Inc.,  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Truist Bank and U.S. Bank National Association, as Joint  Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, U.S. Bank  National Association and Truist Securities, Inc. as Syndication Agents, Regions Bank and TD  Bank,  N.A.  as  Managing  Agents  and  BofA  Securities,  Inc.  as  Sustainability  Agent  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.1  to  the  Company's  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  dated July 14, 2021)  10.18  Fourth Amended and Restated Liquidity Credit Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2021, by and  among Tanger  Properties  Limited  Partnership,  as  the  Borrower,  Bank  of America,  N.A.,  as  Administrative  Agent,  and  the  Other  Lenders  Party  Thereto  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 14, 2021)  10.19  Second Amended and Restated Continuing Guaranty dated October 25, 2018 by and between  Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. (Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's and Operating Partnership's Current Report on  Form 8-K dated October 26, 2018.)  10.20*  Employment Agreement of Stephen Yalof Dated April 6, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's and Operating Partnership's Current Report on Form 8-K dated  April 6, 2020.)  10.21*  First  Amendment  to  Employment  Agreement  of  Stephen  Yalof  Dated  April  9,  2020  (Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.2  to  the  Company's  and  Operating  Partnership's  Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 6, 2020.)  10.22*  Amended and Restated Employment Agreement of Steven B. Tanger Dated April 28, 2020  (Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.1  to  the  Company's  and  Operating  Partnership's  Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 29, 2020.)  10.23*  Form of Inducement Restricted Share Award Agreement between the Company and Stephen  Yalof (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on  Form S-8 dated April 10, 2020).   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 10.24*  Inducement Option Award Agreement between the Company and Stephen Yalof, dated April  10,  2020  (Incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.5  to  the  Company's  Quarterly  Report  on  Form 10-Q dated May 11, 2020).  10.25  Tanger  Factory  Outlet  Centers,  Inc.  Executive  Severance  and  Change  of  Control  Plan,  effective March 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current  Report on Form 8-K dated April 5, 2021)  10.26*  Transition and Consulting Agreement between Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. and Lisa J.  Morrison,  dated  September  9,  2021  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.1  to  the  Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A dated September 10, 2021)  10.27*  Offer Letter of Leslie A. Swanson, dated September 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.47 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-K dated February 23, 2021).  10.28*  Offer  Letter  of  Justin  Stein,  dated  October  13,  2021  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.28  to  the  Company's  and  Operating  Partnership's   Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  dated  February 22, 2022).  10.29*  Offer  Letter  of  Andrew  Wingrove,  dated  November  5,  2021  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.29  to  the  Company's  and  Operating  Partnership's Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  dated February 22, 2022).  10.30*  Offer Letter of Michael Bilerman, dated September 15, 2022.  21.1  List of Subsidiaries of the Company.  21.2  List of Subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership.  23.1  Consent of Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP (Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.)  23.2  Consent of Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP (Tanger Properties Limited Partnership.)  31.1  Chief  Executive  Officer  Certification  Pursuant  to  Section  302  of  the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act  of  2002 for Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.  31.2  Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of  2002 for Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.  31.3  Chief  Executive  Officer  Certification  Pursuant  to  Section  302  of  the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act  of  2002 for Tanger Properties Limited Partnership.  31.4  Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of  2002 for Tanger Properties Limited Partnership.  32.1  Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant  to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.  32.2  Principal  Financial  Officer  Certification  Pursuant  to  18  U.S.C.  Section  1350,  as  Adopted  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Tanger Factory Outlet Centers,  Inc.  32.3  Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant  to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Tanger Properties Limited Partnership.  32.4  Principal  Financial  Officer  Certification  Pursuant  to  18  U.S.C.  Section  1350,  as  Adopted  Pursuant  to  Section  906  of  the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act  of  2002  for  Tanger  Properties  Limited  Partnership.  101.INS**  Inline XBRL Instance Document - the Instance Document does not appear in the interactive  data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.  101.SCH**  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  101.CAL**  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  101.LAB**  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  101.PRE**  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  101.DEF**  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  104**  Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

** Submitted herewith.

## ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

February 27, 2023

## SIGNATURES of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

TANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS, INC.

By: /s/ Stephen J. Yalof

Stephen J. Yalof

President and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

| Signature  Title  Date  /s/ Steven B. Tanger  Steven B. Tanger  Executive Chair of the Board  February 27, 2023  /s/ Stephen J. Yalof  February 27, 2023  Stephen J. Yalof  Director, President, Chief Executive Officer  (Principal Executive Officer)  /s/ Michael J. Bilerman  Michael J. Bilerman  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and  Chief Investment Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  February 27, 2023  /s/ Thomas J. Guerrieri Jr.  Thomas J. Guerrieri Jr.  Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer  (Principal Accounting Officer)  February 27, 2023  /s/ David B. Henry  David B. Henry  Lead Director  February 27, 2023  /s/ Jeffrey B. Citrin  Jeffrey B. Citrin  Director  February 27, 2023  /s/ Sandeep L. Mathrani  Sandeep L. Mathrani  Director  February 27, 2023  /s/ Thomas J. Reddin  Thomas J. Reddin  Director  February 27, 2023  /s/ Bridget M. Ryan-Berman  Bridget M. Ryan-Berman  Director  February 27, 2023  /s/ Susan E. Skerritt  Susan E. Skerritt  Director  February 27, 2023  /s/ Luis A. Ubiñas  Luis A. Ubiñas  Director  February 27, 2023   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

February 27, 2023

## SIGNATURES of Tanger Properties Limited Partnership

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

TANGER PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

By: TANGER  FACTORY  OUTLET  CENTERS,  INC.,  its sole general partner

By:

/s/ Stephen J. Yalof

Stephen J. Yalof President and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. in its capacity as General Partner of Tanger Properties Limited Partnership and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

| Signature  Title  Date  /s/ Steven B. Tanger  Steven B. Tanger  Executive Chair of the Board  February 27, 2023  /s/ Stephen J. Yalof  Stephen J. Yalof  Director, President, and Chief Executive Officer  (Principal Executive Officer)  February 27, 2023  /s/ Michael J. Bilerman  Michael J. Bilerman  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and  Chief Investment Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  February 27, 2023  /s/ Thomas J. Guerrieri Jr.  Thomas J. Guerrieri Jr.  Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer  (Principal Accounting Officer)  February 27, 2023  /s/ David B. Henry  David B. Henry  Lead Director  February 27, 2023  /s/ Jeffrey B. Citrin  Jeffrey B. Citrin  Director  February 27, 2023  /s/ Sandeep L. Mathrani  Sandeep L. Mathrani  Director  February 27, 2023  /s/ Thomas J. Reddin  Thomas J. Reddin  Director  February 27, 2023  /s/ Bridget M. Ryan-Berman  Bridget M. Ryan-Berman  Director  February 27, 2023  /s/ Susan E. Skerritt  Susan E. Skerritt  Director  February 27, 2023  /s/ Luis A. Ubiñas  Luis A. Ubiñas  Director  February 27, 2023   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Tanger  Factory  Outlet  Centers,  Inc.  and subsidiaries  (the  "Company")  as  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  the  related  consolidated  statements  of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also  audited,  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  Public  Company Accounting  Oversight  Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

## Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matter

The critical  audit  matter  communicated  below  is  a  matter  arising  from  the  current-period  audit  of  the  financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,  or  complex  judgments.  The  communication  of  critical  audit  matters  does  not  alter  in  any  way  our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below,  providing  a  separate  opinion  on  the  critical  audit  matter  or  on  the  accounts  or  disclosures  to  which  it relates.

## Rental property assets, net - Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements

## Critical Audit Matter Description

Rental  property  held  and  used  by  the  Company  is  reviewed  for  impairment  in  the  event  that  facts  and circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In such event, the Company compares the estimated future undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset to the asset's carrying amount, and if less than such carrying amount, recognizes an impairment loss in an amount by which the carrying amount exceeds its fair value.  The cash flow estimates used both for determining recoverability and estimating fair value are  inherently  judgmental  and  reflect  current  and  projected  trends  in  rental,  occupancy,  capitalization,  and discount rates, and estimated holding periods for the applicable assets. Total rental property, net as of December 31, 2022, was approximately $1.6 billion.

Given the Company's cash flow estimates used both for determining recoverability and estimating fair value to determine impairment require management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to current and projected trends in rental, occupancy, capitalization and discount rates, and estimated holding periods, performing audit  procedures  to  evaluate  the  reasonableness  of  management's  undiscounted  and  discounted  future  cash flows analysis required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort.

## How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit  procedures  related  to  the  undiscounted  future  cash  flows  analysis  and  the  assessment  of  expected remaining holding period included the following, among others:

- We  tested  the  effectiveness  of  controls  over  management's  evaluation  of  the  recoverability  of  rental property assets, including the significant assumptions over net operating income, capitalization rates, and estimated holding periods.
- We evaluated the undiscounted future cash flows analysis, including estimates of net operating income, capitalization  rates,  and  estimated  holding  periods  for  certain  rental  property  assets  with  impairment indicators by performing the following, where applicable:
- We  evaluated  management's  cash  flow  projections  by  comparing  to  the  Company's  historical results and considered the impact of leasing activity.
- We evaluated capitalization rates by comparing to external market sources.
- We evaluated management's estimated holding period by comparing to historical holding periods for assets sold in recent years, reviewing board minutes, and conducting inquiries of management, leasing personnel and others outside of the accounting department.
- We tested the mathematical accuracy of the undiscounted future cash flows analysis.

## /s/ Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP

Charlotte, North Carolina February 27, 2023

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2016.

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.

## Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We  have  audited  the  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  of  Tanger  Factory  Outlet  Centers,  Inc.  and subsidiaries (the 'Company') as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control -  Integrated  Framework  (2013) issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also  audited,  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  Public  Company Accounting  Oversight  Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of  the  Company and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

## Basis for Opinion

The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  based  on  our  audit.  We  are  a  public  accounting  firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the  U.S.  federal  securities  laws  and  the  applicable  rules  and  regulations  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  effective  internal  control  over  financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A  company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance  that  transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  financial  statements  in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because  of  its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may  not  prevent  or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP

Charlotte, North Carolina February 27, 2023

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Tanger Properties Limited Partnership

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Tanger Properties Limited Partnership and subsidiaries  (the  "Operating  Partnership")  as  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  the  related  consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also  audited,  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  Public  Company Accounting  Oversight  Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting.

## Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Operating Partnership's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm  registered  with  the  PCAOB  and  are  required  to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the  Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matter

The critical  audit  matter  communicated  below  is  a  matter  arising  from  the  current-period  audit  of  the  financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,  or  complex  judgments.  The  communication  of  critical  audit  matters  does  not  alter  in  any  way  our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below,  providing  a  separate  opinion  on  the  critical  audit  matter  or  on  the  accounts  or  disclosures  to  which  it relates.

## Rental property assets, net - Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements

## Critical Audit Matter Description

Rental property held and used by the Operating Partnership is reviewed for impairment in the event that facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In such event, the Operating Partnership  compares  the  estimated  future  undiscounted  cash  flows  associated  with  the  asset  to  the  asset's carrying amount, and if less than such carrying amount, recognizes an impairment loss in an amount by which the carrying  amount exceeds its fair  value.   The  cash  flow  estimates  used  both  for  determining  recoverability  and estimating  fair  value  are  inherently  judgmental  and  reflect  current  and  projected  trends  in  rental,  occupancy, capitalization, and discount rates, and estimated holding periods for the applicable assets. Total rental property, net as of December 31, 2022, was approximately $1.6 billion.

Given the Operating Partnership's cash flow estimates used both for determining recoverability and estimating fair value  to  determine  impairment  require  management  to  make  significant  estimates  and  assumptions  related  to current  and  projected  trends  in  rental,  occupancy,  capitalization  and  discount  rates,  and  estimated  holding periods,  performing  audit  procedures  to  evaluate  the  reasonableness  of  management's  undiscounted  and discounted  future  cash  flows  analysis  required  a  high  degree  of  auditor  judgment  and  an  increased  extent  of effort.

## How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit  procedures  related  to  the  undiscounted  future  cash  flows  analysis  and  the  assessment  of  expected remaining holding period included the following, among others:

- We  tested  the  effectiveness  of  controls  over  management's  evaluation  of  the  recoverability  of  rental property assets, including the significant assumptions over net operating income, capitalization rates, and estimated holding periods.
- We evaluated the undiscounted future cash flows analysis, including estimates of net operating income, capitalization  rates,  and  estimated  holding  periods  for  certain  rental  property  assets  with      impairment indicators by performing the following, where applicable:
- We evaluated management's cash flow projections by comparing to the Operating Partnership's historical results and considered the impact of leasing activity.
- We evaluated capitalization rates by comparing to external market sources.
- We evaluated management's estimated holding period by comparing to historical holding periods for assets sold in recent years, reviewing board minutes, and conducting inquiries of management, leasing personnel, and others outside of the accounting department.
- We tested the mathematical accuracy of the undiscounted future cash flows analysis.

## /s/ Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP

Charlotte, North Carolina February 27, 2023

We have served as the Operating Partnership's auditor since 2016.

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Tanger Properties Limited Partnership

## Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We  have  audited  the  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  of  Tanger  Properties  Limited  Partnership  and subsidiaries  (the  'Operating  Partnership')  as  of  December  31,  2022,  based  on  criteria  established  in Internal Control

-  Integrated  Framework  (2013) issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway Commission  (COSO).  In  our  opinion,  the  Operating  Partnership  maintained,  in  all  material  respects,  effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also  audited,  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  Public  Company Accounting  Oversight  Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Operating Partnership and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

## Basis for Opinion

The Operating Partnership's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public  accounting  firm  registered  with  the  PCAOB  and  are  required  to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  effective  internal  control  over  financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A  company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance  that  transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  financial  statements  in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because  of  its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may  not  prevent  or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP

Charlotte, North Carolina February 27, 2023

## TANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(in thousands, except share data)

| December 31,  2022  2021  Assets  Rental property:  Land  $  275,079  $  268,269  Buildings, improvements and fixtures  2,553,452  2,532,489  Construction in progress  27,340  -  2,855,871  2,800,758  Accumulated depreciation  (1,224,962)    (1,145,388)  Total rental property, net  1,630,909  1,655,370  Cash and cash equivalents  212,124  161,255  Short-term investments  52,450  -  Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures  73,809  82,647  Deferred lease costs and other intangibles, net  58,574  73,720  Operating lease right-of-use assets  78,636  79,807  Prepaids and other assets  111,163  104,585  Total assets  $  2,217,665  $ 2,157,384  Liabilities and Equity  Liabilities  Debt:  Senior, unsecured notes, net  $  1,037,998  $ 1,036,181  Unsecured term loans, net  321,525  298,421  Mortgages payable, net  68,971  62,474  Unsecured lines of credit  -  -  Total debt  1,428,494  1,397,076  Accounts payable and accrued expenses  104,741  92,995  Operating lease liabilities  87,528  88,874  Other liabilities  82,968  78,650  Total liabilities  1,703,731  1,657,595  Commitments and contingencies (Note 21)  Equity  Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.:  Common shares, $0.01 par value, 300,000,000 shares authorized,  104,497,920 and 104,084,734 shares issued and outstanding at December 31,  2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively  1,045  1,041  Paid in capital  987,192  978,054  Accumulated distributions in excess of net income  (485,557)  (483,409)  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (11,037)  (17,761)  Equity attributable to Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.  491,643  477,925  Equity attributable to noncontrolling interests:  Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership  22,291  21,864  Noncontrolling interests in other consolidated partnerships  -  -  Total equity  513,934  499,789  Total liabilities and equity  $  2,217,665  $ 2,157,384   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## TANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(in thousands, except per share data)

| For the years ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Revenues:  Rental revenues  $  421,419  $  407,766  $  377,932  Management, leasing and other services  7,157  6,411  4,936  Other revenues  14,037  12,348  7,123  Total revenues  442,613  426,525  389,991  Expenses:  Property operating  143,936  140,736  137,135  General and administrative  71,532  65,817  47,733  Impairment charges  -  6,989  67,226  Depreciation and amortization  111,904  110,008  117,143  Total expenses  327,372  323,550  369,237  Other income (expense):  Interest expense  (46,967)  (52,866)  (63,142)  Loss on early extinguishment of debt  (222)  (47,860)  -  Gain on sale of assets  3,156  -  2,324  Other income (expense)  6,029  (1,595)  925  Total other income (expense)  (38,004)  (102,321)  (59,893)  Income (loss) before equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint  ventures  77,237  654  (39,139)  Equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures  8,594  8,904  1,126  Net income (loss)  85,831  9,558  (38,013)  Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership  (3,768)  (440)  1,925  Noncontrolling interests in other consolidated partnerships  -  -  (190)  Net income (loss) attributable to Tanger Factory Outlet Centers,  Inc.  $  82,063  $  9,118  $  (36,278)  Basic earnings per common share:  Net income (loss)  $  0.78  $  0.08  $  (0.40)  Diluted earnings per common share:  Net income (loss)  $  0.77  $  0.08  $  (0.40)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## TANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

(in thousands)

| For the years ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Net income (loss)  $  85,831  $  9,558  $  (38,013)  Other comprehensive income (loss):  Foreign currency translation adjustments  (5,070)  3,883  1,783  Change in fair value of cash flow hedges  12,093  5,383  (2,934)  Other comprehensive income (loss)  7,023  9,266  (1,151)  Comprehensive income (loss)  92,854  18,824  (39,164)  Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling  interests  (4,067)  (882)  1,796  Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Tanger Factory  Outlet Centers, Inc.  $  88,787  $  17,942  $  (37,368)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## TANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

(in thousands, except share and per share data)

| Balance,  December 31, 2019  $  929  $ 775,035  $  (317,263) $  (25,495) $  433,206  $  22,903  $  -  $ 456,109  Net income (loss)  -  -  (36,278)  -  (36,278)  (1,925)  190  (38,013)  Other comprehensive  income  -  -  -  (1,090)  (1,090)  (61)  -  (1,151)  Compensation under  Incentive Award Plan  -  12,926  -  -  12,926  -  -  12,926  Grant of 611,350  restricted common share  awards, net of forfeitures  6  (6)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Issuance of 6,258  deferred shares  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Withholding of  56,597 common shares  for employee income  taxes  -  (736)  -  -  (736)  -  -  (736)  Contributions from  noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  72  72  Adjustment for  noncontrolling interests in  Operating Partnership  -  (75)  -  -  (75)  75  -  -  Exchange of 116,530  Operating Partnership  units for 116,530 common  shares  1  (1)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Common dividends  ($0.7125 per share)  -  -  (66,563)  -  (66,563)  -  -  (66,563)  Distributions to  noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  -  -  (3,499)  (262)  (3,761)  Balance,  December 31, 2020  $  936  $ 787,143  $  (420,104) $  (26,585) $  341,390  $  17,493  $  -  $ 358,883  Common  shares  Paid in  capital  Accumulated  distributions  in excess of  earnings  Accumulated  other  comprehensive  income (loss)  Total  shareholders'  equity  Noncontrolling  interest in  Operating  Partnership  Noncontrolling  interests in  other  consolidated  partnerships  Total  equity   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## TANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

(in thousands, except share and per share data)

| Balance,  December 31, 2020  $  936  $  787,143  $  (420,104) $  (26,585) $  341,390  $  17,493  $  -  $  358,883  Net income  -  -  9,118  -  9,118  440  -  9,558  Other comprehensive loss  -  -  -  8,824  8,824  442  -  9,266  Compensation under Incentive  Award Plan  -  12,845  -  -  12,845  -  -  12,845  Issuance of 42,100 common  shares upon exercise of options  -  266  -  -  266  -  -  266  Grant of 569,779 restricted  common share awards, net of  forfeitures  6  (6)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Issuance of 10,009,263  common shares  100  186,869  -  -  186,969  -  -  186,969  Withholding of 139,293  common shares for employee  income taxes  (1)  (2,146)  -  -  (2,147)  -  -  (2,147)  Adjustment for noncontrolling  interests in Operating  Partnership  -  (6,917)  -  -  (6,917)  6,917  -  -  Exchange of 33,084 Operating  Partnership units for 33,084  common shares  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Common dividends  ($0.7150 per share)  -  -  (72,423)  -  (72,423)  -  -  (72,423)  Distributions to noncontrolling  interests  -  -  -  -  -  (3,428)  -  (3,428)  Balance,  December 31, 2021  $  1,041  $  978,054  $  (483,409) $  (17,761) $  477,925  $  21,864  $  -  $  499,789  Common  shares  Paid in  capital  Accumulated  distributions  in excess of  earnings  Accumulated  other  comprehensive  income (loss)  Total  shareholders'  equity  Noncontrolling  interest in  Operating  Partnership  Noncontrolling  interests in  other  consolidated  partnerships  Total  equity   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## TANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

(in thousands, except share and per share data)

| Common  shares  Paid in  capital  Accumulated  distributions in  excess of  earnings  Accumulated other  comprehensive  income (loss)  Total  shareholders'  equity  Noncontrolling  interest in  Operating  Partnership  Noncontrolling  interests in other  consolidated  partnerships  Total  equity  Balance,  December 31, 2021  $  1,041  $  978,054  $  (483,409) $  (17,761) $  477,925  $  21,864  $  -  $  499,789  Net income  -  -  82,063  -  82,063  3,768  -  85,831  Other comprehensive  income  -  -  -  6,724  6,724  299  -  7,023  Compensation under  Incentive Award Plan  -  13,160  -  -  13,160  -  -  13,160  Issuance of 15,500  common shares upon  exercise of options  -  88  -  -  88  -  -  88  Grant of 613,933  restricted common  share awards, net of  forfeitures  6  (6)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Withholding of  239,824 common  shares for employee  income taxes  (2)  (3,922)  -  -  (3,924)  -  -  (3,924)  Adjustment for  noncontrolling  interests in Operating  Partnership  -  (182)  -  -  (182)  182  -  -  Exchange of 23,577  Operating Partnership  units for 23,577  common shares  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Common dividends  ($0.8025 per share)  -  -  (84,211)  -  (84,211)  -  -  (84,211)  Distributions to  noncontrolling  interests  -  -  -  -  -  (3,822)  -  (3,822)  Balance,  December 31, 2022  $  1,045  $  987,192  $  (485,557) $  (11,037) $  491,643  $  22,291  $  -  $  513,934   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## TANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(in thousands)

| For the years ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Operating Activities  Net income (loss)  $  85,831  $  9,558  $  (38,013)  Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities:  Depreciation and amortization  111,904  110,008  117,143  Impairment charges  -  6,989  67,226  Amortization of deferred financing costs  3,126  4,018  3,583  Gain on sale of assets  (3,156)  -  (2,324)  Loss on early extinguishment of debt  222  47,860  -  Equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures  (8,594)  (8,904)  (1,126)  Equity-based compensation expense  12,969  12,752  12,517  Amortization of debt (premiums) and discounts, net  509  442  482  Amortization (accretion) of market rent rate adjustments, net  1,417  293  2,721  Straight-line rent adjustments  1,689  1,973  3,372  Distributions of cumulative earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures  8,711  9,249  3,490  Other non-cash  (2,418)  3,638  -  Changes in other asset and liabilities:  Other assets  276  5,140  (5,366)  Accounts payable and accrued expenses  1,474  14,702  1,042  Net cash provided by operating activities  213,960  217,718  164,747  Investing Activities  Additions to rental property  (77,310)  (45,187)  (28,566)  Additions to investments in unconsolidated joint ventures  (313)  (7,000)  (10,601)  Net proceeds from sale of assets  12,400  8,129  7,626  Proceeds on sale of non-real estate assets  14,610  -  -  Additions to short-term investments  (52,450)  -  -  Distributions in excess of cumulative earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures  12,037  19,574  9,071  Additions to non-real estate assets  (7,442)  (3,173)  (1,872)  Additions to deferred lease costs  (2,570)  (5,115)  (3,061)  Payments for other investing activities  (7,288)  -  -  Proceeds from other investing activities  9,509  10,033  8,632  Net cash used in investing activities  (98,817)  (22,739)  (18,771)  Financing Activities  Cash dividends paid  (84,211)  (72,423)  (66,563)  Distributions to noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership  (3,822)  (3,428)  (3,499)  Proceeds from revolving credit facility  -  -  641,630  Repayments of revolving credit facility  -  -  (641,630)  Proceeds from notes, mortgages and loans  36,556  394,208  -  Repayments of notes, mortgages and loans  (4,440)  (567,050)  (3,566)  Payment of make-whole premium related to early extinguishment of debt  -  (44,872)  -  Employee income taxes paid related to shares withheld upon vesting of equity awards  (3,924)  (2,147)  (736)  Additions to deferred financing costs  (3,262)  (8,754)  (1,891)  Proceeds from exercise of options  88  266  -  Proceeds from common share offering  -  186,969  -  Proceeds from other financing activities  -  -  72  Payment for other financing activities  (1,148)  (1,148)  (1,410)  Net cash used in financing activities  (64,163)  (118,379)  (77,593)  Effect of foreign currency rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  (111)  (177)  (223)  Net increase/(decrease)  in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  50,869  76,423  68,160  Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year  161,255  84,832  16,672  Cash and cash equivalents, end of year  $  212,124  $  161,255  $  84,832   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## TANGER PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(in thousands, except for unit data)

| December 31,  2022  2021  Assets  Rental property:  Land  $  275,079  $  268,269  Buildings, improvements and fixtures  2,553,452  2,532,489  Construction in progress  27,340  -  2,855,871  2,800,758  Accumulated depreciation  (1,224,962)  (1,145,388)  Total rental property, net  1,630,909  1,655,370  Cash and cash equivalents  212,011  161,152  Short-term investments  52,450  -  Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures  73,809  82,647  Deferred lease costs and other intangibles, net  58,574  73,720  Operating lease right-of-use assets  78,636  79,807  Prepaids and other assets  110,622  104,362  Total assets  $  2,217,011  $  2,157,058  Liabilities and Equity  Liabilities  Debt:  Senior, unsecured notes, net  $  1,037,998  $  1,036,181  Unsecured term loans, net  321,525  298,421  Mortgages payable, net  68,971  62,474  Unsecured lines of credit  -  -  Total debt  1,428,494  1,397,076  Accounts payable and accrued expenses  104,087  92,669  Operating lease liabilities  87,528  88,874  Other liabilities  82,968  78,650  Total liabilities  1,703,077  1,657,269  Commitments and contingencies (Note 21)  Equity  Partners' Equity:  General partner, 1,100,000 and 1,100,000 units outstanding at December 31,  2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively  4,516  4,539  Limited partners, 4,737,982 and 4,761,559 Class A common units, and  103,397,920 and 102,984,734 Class B common units outstanding at  December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively  521,168  514,023  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (11,750)  (18,773)  Total partners' equity  513,934  499,789  Noncontrolling interests in consolidated partnerships  -  -  Total equity  513,934  499,789  Total liabilities and equity  $  2,217,011  $  2,157,058   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## TANGER PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(in thousands, except per unit data)

| For the years ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Revenues:  Rental revenues  $  421,419  $  407,766  $  377,932  Management, leasing and other services  7,157  6,411  4,936  Other revenues  14,037  12,348  7,123  Total revenues  442,613  426,525  389,991  Expenses:  Property operating  143,936  140,736  137,135  General and administrative  71,532  65,817  47,733  Impairment charges  -  6,989  67,226  Depreciation and amortization  111,904  110,008  117,143  Total expenses  327,372  323,550  369,237  Other income (expense):  Interest expense  (46,967)  (52,866)  (63,142)  Loss on early extinguishment of debt  (222)  (47,860)  -  Gain on sale of assets  3,156  -  2,324  Other income (expense)  6,029  (1,595)  925  Total other income (expense)  (38,004)  (102,321)  (59,893)  Income (loss) before equity in earnings of unconsolidated  joint ventures  77,237  654  (39,139)  Equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures  8,594  8,904  1,126  Net income (loss)  85,831  9,558  (38,013)  Noncontrolling interests in consolidated partnerships  -  -  (190)  Net income (loss) available to partners  85,831  9,558  (38,203)  Net income (loss) available to limited partners  84,971  9,458  (37,815)  Net income (loss) available to general partner  $  860  $  100  $  (388)  Basic earnings per common unit:  Net income (loss)  $  0.78  $  0.08  $  (0.40)  Diluted earnings per common unit:  Net income (loss)  $  0.77  $  0.08  $  (0.40)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## TANGER PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

(in thousands)

| For the years ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Net income (loss)  $  85,831  $  9,558  $  (38,013)  Other comprehensive income (loss):  Foreign currency translation adjustments  (5,070)  3,883  1,783  Change in fair value of cash flow hedges  12,093  5,383  (2,934)  Other comprehensive income (loss)  7,023  9,266  (1,151)  Comprehensive income (loss)  92,854  18,824  (39,164)  Comprehensive (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests  in consolidated partnerships  -  -  (190)  Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to the Operating  Partnership  $  92,854  $  18,824  $  (39,354)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## TANGER PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY

(in thousands, except unit and per unit data)

| General  partner  Limited  partners  Accumulated  other  comprehensive  income (loss)  Total  partners'  equity  Noncontrolling  interests in  consolidated  partnerships  Total  equity  Balance, December 31, 2019  $  4,435  $  478,562  $  (26,888) $  456,109  $  -  $  456,109  Net income (loss)  (388)  (37,815)  -  (38,203)  190  (38,013)  Other comprehensive loss  -  -  (1,151)  (1,151)  -  (1,151)  Compensation under Incentive Award Plan  -  12,926  -  12,926  -  12,926  Grant of 611,350 restricted common share  awards by the Company  -  -  -  -  -  -  Withholding of 56,597 common units for  employee income taxes  -  (736)  -  (736)  -  (736)  Contributions from noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  -  72  72  Common distributions ($0.7125 per common  unit)  (713)  (69,349)  -  (70,062)  -  (70,062)  Distributions to noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  -  (262)  (262)  Balance, December 31, 2020  $  3,334  $  383,588  $  (28,039) $  358,883  $  -  $  358,883  Net income  100  9,458  -  9,558  -  9,558  Other comprehensive income  -  -  9,266  9,266  -  9,266  Compensation under Incentive Award Plan  -  12,845  -  12,845  -  12,845  Issuance of 42,100 common units upon exercise  of options  -  266  -  266  -  266  Grant of 569,779 restricted common share  awards by the Company  -  -  -  -  -  -  Issuance of 10,009,263 common  units  1,874  185,095  -  186,969  -  186,969  Withholding of 139,293 common units for  employee income taxes  -  (2,147)  -  (2,147)  -  (2,147)  Contributions from noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  Common distributions ($0.7150 per common  unit)  (769)  (75,082)  -  (75,851)  -  (75,851)  Distributions to noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  Balance, December 31, 2021  $  4,539  $  514,023  $  (18,773) $  499,789  $  -  $  499,789  Net income  860  84,971  -  85,831  -  85,831  Other comprehensive income  -  -  7,023  7,023  -  7,023  Compensation under Incentive Award Plan  -  13,160  -  13,160  -  13,160  Grant of 613,933 restricted common share  awards by the Company  -  -  -  -  -  -  Issuance of 15,500 common units upon exercise  of options  -  88  -  88  -  88  Withholding of 239,824 common units for  employee income taxes  -  (3,924)  -  (3,924)  -  (3,924)  Contributions from noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  Common distributions ($0.8025  per common unit)  (883)  (87,150)  -  (88,033)  -  (88,033)  Distributions to noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  Balance, December 31, 2022  $  4,516  $  521,168  $  (11,750) $  513,934  $  -  $  513,934   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## TANGER PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(in thousands)

| For the years ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Operating activities  Net income (loss)  $  85,831  $  9,558  $  (38,013)  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:  Depreciation and amortization  111,904  110,008  117,143  Impairment charges  -  6,989  67,226  Amortization of deferred financing costs  3,126  4,018  3,583  Gain on sale of assets  (3,156)  -  (2,324)  Loss on early extinguishment of debt  222  47,860  -  Equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures  (8,594)  (8,904)  (1,126)  Equity-based compensation expense  12,969  12,752  12,517  Amortization of debt (premiums) and discounts, net  509  442  482  Amortization (accretion) of market rent rate adjustments, net  1,417  293  2,721  Straight-line rent adjustments  1,689  1,973  3,372  Distributions of cumulative earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures  8,711  9,249  3,490  Other non-cash  (2,418)  3,638  -  Changes in other assets and liabilities:  Other assets  594  4,881  (5,128)  Accounts payable and accrued expenses  1,146  14,940  875  Net cash provided by operating activities  213,950  217,697  164,818  Investing activities  Additions to rental property  (77,310)  (45,187)  (28,566)  Additions to investments in unconsolidated joint ventures  (313)  (7,000)  (10,601)  Net proceeds on sale of assets  12,400  8,129  7,626  Proceeds on sale of non-real estate assets  14,610  -  -  Additions to short-term investments  (52,450)  -  -  Distributions in excess of cumulative earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures  12,037  19,574  9,071  Additions to non-real estate assets  (7,442)  (3,173)  (1,872)  Additions to deferred lease costs  (2,570)  (5,115)  (3,061)  Payments for other investing activities  (7,288)  -  -  Proceeds from other investing activities  9,509  10,033  8,632  Net cash used in investing activities  (98,817)  (22,739)  (18,771)  Financing activities  Cash distributions paid  (88,033)  (75,851)  (70,062)  Proceeds from revolving credit facility  -  -  641,630  Repayments of revolving credit facility  -  -  (641,630)  Proceeds from notes, mortgages and loans  36,556  394,208  -  Repayments of notes, mortgages and loans  (4,440)  (567,050)  (3,566)  Payment of make-whole premium related to early extinguishment of debt  -  (44,872)  -  Employee income taxes paid related to shares withheld upon vesting of equity awards  (3,924)  (2,147)  (736)  Additions to deferred financing costs  (3,262)  (8,754)  (1,891)  Proceeds from exercise of options  88  266  -  Proceeds from the Company's common share offering  -  186,969  -  Proceeds from other financing activities  -  -  72  Payment for other financing activities  (1,148)  (1,148)  (1,410)  Net cash used in financing activities  (64,163)  (118,379)  (77,593)  Effect of foreign currency rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  (111)  (177)  (223)  Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  50,859  76,402  68,231  Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year  161,152  84,750  16,519  Cash and cash equivalents, end of year  $  212,011  $  161,152  $  84,750   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF TANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS, INC. AND TANGER PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

## 1. Organization of the Company

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. and subsidiaries, which we refer to as the Company, is one of the largest owners  and  operators  of  outlet  centers  in  the  United  States  and  Canada.  We  are  a  fully-integrated,  selfadministered  and  self-managed  real  estate  investment  trust  ("REIT")  which,  through  our  controlling  interest  in Tanger Properties Limited Partnership and subsidiaries, which we refer to as the Operating Partnership, focuses on developing, acquiring, owning, operating and managing outlet shopping centers. As of December 31, 2022, we owned and operated 29 consolidated outlet centers, with a total gross leasable area of approximately 11.4 million square feet and one center under construction. All references to gross leasable area, square feet, occupancy, stores  and  store  brands  contained  in  the  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  are  unaudited.  These outlet centers were 97% occupied and contained over 2,200 stores, representing approximately 600 store brands. We  also  had  partial  ownership  interests  in  6  unconsolidated  outlet  centers  totaling  approximately  2.1  million square feet, including 2 outlet centers in Canada. The portfolio also includes one managed center. Each of our outlet centers, except one joint venture property, features the Tanger brand name.

Our  outlet  centers  and  other  assets  are  held  by,  and  all  of  our  operations  are  conducted  by  the  Operating Partnership. Accordingly, the descriptions of our business, employees and properties are also descriptions of the business,  employees  and  properties  of  the  Operating  Partnership.  Unless  the  context  indicates  otherwise,  the term  'Company'  refers  to  Tanger  Factory  Outlet  Centers,  Inc.  and  subsidiaries  and  the  term  'Operating Partnership' refers to Tanger Properties Limited Partnership and subsidiaries. The terms 'we', 'our' and 'us' refer to the Company or the Company and the Operating Partnership together, as the text requires.

In  November  2021, Tanger  Factory  Outlet  Centers,  Inc.  (the  'Company')  was  admitted  as  General  Partner  of Tanger  Properties  Limited  Partnership  (the  'Operating  Partnership').  Prior  to  this  administrative  change,  the Company owned the majority of the units of partnership interest issued by the Operating Partnership through its two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Tanger GP Trust and Tanger LP Trust. Tanger GP Trust controlled the Operating Partnership  as  its  sole  general  partner  and  Tanger  LP  Trust  held  a  limited  partnership  interest.  Following  this change to the ownership structure, the Company has replaced Tanger GP Trust as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and Tanger LP Trust retains its limited partnership interest.

The  Company,  including  its  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  Tanger  LP  Trust,  owns  the  majority  of  the  units  of partnership interest issued by the Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and its whollyowned subsidiaries owned 104,497,920 units of the Operating Partnership and other limited partners (the "NonCompany LPs") collectively owned 4,737,982 Class A common limited partnership units. Each Class A common limited  partnership  unit  held  by  the  Non-Company  LPs  is  exchangeable  for  one  of  the  Company's  common shares,  subject  to  certain  limitations  to  preserve  the  Company's  status  as  a  REIT.  Class  B  common  limited partnership units, which are held by Tanger LP Trust, are not exchangeable for common shares of the Company.

## 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation - The consolidated financial statements of the Company include its accounts and its consolidated subsidiaries, as well as the Operating Partnership and  its consolidated subsidiaries.  The consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Operating  Partnership  include  its  accounts  and  its  consolidated subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

The  Company  currently  consolidates  the  Operating  Partnership  because  it  has  (1)  the  power  to  direct  the activities  of  the  Operating  Partnership  that  most  significantly  impact  the  Operating  Partnership's  economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive the residual returns of the Operating Partnership that could be potentially significant.

We consolidate properties that are wholly-owned or properties where we own less than 100% but control such properties. Control is determined using an evaluation based on accounting standards related to the consolidation of voting interest entities and variable interest entities ("VIE"). For joint ventures that are determined to be a VIE, we  consolidate  the  entity  where  we  are  deemed  to  be  the  primary  beneficiary.  Determination  of  the  primary beneficiary is based on whether an entity has (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact  the  entity's  economic  performance,  and  (2)  the  obligation  to  absorb  losses  of  the  entity  that  could potentially  be  significant  to  the  VIE  or  the  right  to  receive  benefits  from  the  entity  that  could  potentially  be significant to the VIE. Our determination of the primary beneficiary considers various factors including the form of our  ownership  interest,  our  representation  in  an  entity's  governance,  the  size  of  our  investment,  our  ability  to participate in policy making decisions and the rights of the other investors to participate in the decision making process to replace us as manager and or liquidate the venture, if applicable. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have a joint venture that was a VIE.

Investments  in  real  estate  joint  ventures  that  we  do  not  control  but  may  exercise  significant  influence  on  are accounted  for  using  the  equity  method  of  accounting.  These  investments  are  recorded  initially  at  cost  and subsequently  adjusted  for  our  equity  in  the  venture's  net  income  or  loss,  cash  contributions,  distributions  and other adjustments required under the equity method of accounting.

For certain of these investments, we record our equity in the venture's net income or loss under the hypothetical liquidation at book value ('HLBV') method of accounting due to the structures and the preferences we receive on the distributions from our joint ventures pursuant to the respective joint venture agreements. Under this method, we recognize income and loss in each period based on the change in liquidation proceeds we would receive from a hypothetical liquidation of our investment based on depreciated book value. Therefore, income or loss may be allocated  disproportionately  as  compared  to  the  ownership  percentages  due  to  specified  preferred  return  rate thresholds and may be more or less than actual cash distributions received and more or less than what we may receive in the event of an actual liquidation. In the event a basis difference is created between our underlying interest in the venture's net assets and our initial investment, we amortize such amount over the estimated life of the venture as a component of equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures.

We  separately  report  investments  in  joint  ventures  for  which  accumulated  distributions  have  exceeded investments in, and our share of net income or loss of, the joint ventures within other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets because we are committed and intend to provide further financial support to these joint ventures. The carrying amount of our investments in the Charlotte, Galveston/Houston and National Harbor joint ventures are  less  than  zero  because  of  financing  or  operating  distributions  that  were  greater  than  net  income,  as  net income includes non-cash charges for depreciation and amortization.

Noncontrolling interests - In the Company's consolidated financial statements, the 'Noncontrolling interests in the Operating  Partnership'  reflects  the  Non-Company  LP's  percentage  ownership  of  the  Operating  Partnership's units. "Noncontrolling  interests in other consolidated  partnerships"  consist  of outside  equity interests in partnerships  or  joint  ventures  not  wholly-owned  by  the  Company  or  the  Operating  Partnership  that  are consolidated  with  the  financial  results  of  the  Company  and  Operating  Partnership  because  the  Operating Partnership  exercises  control  over  the  entities  that  own  the  properties.  Noncontrolling  interests  are  initially recorded  in  the  consolidated  balance  sheets  at  fair  value  based  upon  purchase  price  allocations.  Income  or losses are allocated to the noncontrolling interests based on the allocation provisions within the partnership or joint venture agreements.

Use  of  Estimates -  The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  accounting  principles  generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, as well as disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of  the  financial  statements,  and  the  reported  amounts  of  revenues  and  expenses  during  the  reporting  period. Estimates are used in the calculations of impairment losses, costs capitalized to originate operating leases, costs incurred for  the  construction  and  development  of  properties,  and  the  values  of  deferred  lease  costs  and  other intangibles related to the acquisition of properties. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Operating  Segments  We  focus  on  developing,  acquiring,  owning,  operating,  and  managing  outlet  shopping centers.  We  aggregate  the  financial  information  of  all  outlet  centers  into  one  reportable  operating  segment because the outlet centers all have similar economic characteristics and provide similar products and services to similar types and classes of customers.

Rental Properties -Rental properties are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Buildings, improvements  and  fixtures  consist  primarily  of  permanent  buildings  and  improvements  made  to  land  such  as infrastructure and costs incurred in providing rental space to tenants.

The pre-construction stage of project development involves certain costs to secure land control and zoning and complete other initial tasks essential to the development of the project. These costs are transferred from other assets  to  construction  in  progress  when  the  pre-construction  tasks  are  completed.  Costs  of  unsuccessful  preconstruction  efforts  are  expensed  when  the  project  is  no  longer  probable  and,  if  significant,  are  recorded  as abandoned pre-development costs in the consolidated statement of operations.

We also capitalize other costs incurred for the construction and development of properties, including interest, real estate  taxes  and  payroll  and  related  costs  associated  with  employees  directly  involved.  Capitalization  of  costs commences at the time the development of the property becomes probable and ceases when the property is substantially  completed  and  ready  for  its  intended  use.  We  consider  a  construction  project  as  substantially completed and ready for its intended use upon the completion of tenant improvements. We cease capitalization on the portion that is substantially completed and occupied or held available for occupancy, and capitalize only those costs associated with the portion under construction. The amount of payroll and related costs capitalized for the construction and development of properties is based on our estimate of the amount of costs directly related to the construction or development of these assets.

Interest costs are capitalized during periods of active construction for qualified expenditures based upon interest rates  in  place  during  the  construction  period  until  construction  is  substantially  complete.  This  includes  interest incurred on funds invested in or advanced to unconsolidated joint ventures for qualifying development activities until placed in service.

Payroll and related costs and interest costs capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  2020  Payroll and related costs capitalized  $  2,924  $  1,526  $  1,159  Interest costs capitalized  $  862  $  -  $  107   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation is computed on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. We generally use estimated  lives  of  33  years  for  buildings  and  improvements,  15  years  for  land  improvements  and  7  years  for equipment. Tenant finishing allowances are amortized over the life of the associated lease. Capitalized interest costs  are  amortized  over  lives  which  are  consistent  with  the  constructed  assets.  Expenditures  for  ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred while significant renovations and improvements which  improve  and/or  extend  the  useful  life  of  the  asset  are  capitalized  and  depreciated  over  their  estimated useful life. In accordance with its policy, the Company reviews the estimated useful lives its fixed assets on an ongoing basis. This review indicated that the actual lives of the Company's solar assets were shorter than the estimated  useful  lives  used  for  depreciation  purposes  in  the  Company's  financial  statements. As  a  result,  the Company changed its useful lives of its solar assets to better reflect the estimated periods during which these assets will remain in service. The estimated useful lives of these assets that previously averaged 20 years were decreased to an average of ten years. The effect of this change in estimate was to increase depreciation expense by $4.4 million, decrease net income by $4.4 million, and decrease basic and diluted earnings per share by $0.04.

Depreciation expense related to rental property included in net income for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  2020  Depreciation expense related to rental property  $  97,916  $  96,990  $  101,665   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We allocate the purchase price of acquisitions based on the fair value of land, building, tenant improvements, debt and deferred lease costs and other intangibles, such as the value of leases with above or below market rents, origination costs associated with the in-place leases, the value of in-place leases and tenant relationships, if any. We  depreciate  the  amount  allocated  to  building,  deferred  lease  costs  and  other  intangible  assets  over  their estimated  useful  lives,  which  range  up  to  33  years.  The  values  of  the  above  and  below  market  leases  are amortized and recorded as either an increase (in the case of below market leases) or a decrease (in the case of above market leases) to  rental  income  over  the  remaining  term  of  the  associated  lease.  The  values  of  below market  leases  that  are  considered  to  have  renewal  periods  with  below  market  rents  are  amortized  over  the remaining term of the associated lease plus the renewal periods when the renewal is deemed probable to occur. The value associated with in-place leases is amortized over the remaining lease term and tenant relationships are amortized  over  the  expected  term,  which  includes  an  estimated  probability  of  the  lease  renewal.  If  a  tenant terminates its lease prior to the contractual termination of the lease and no rental payments are being made on the  lease,  any  unamortized  balance  of  the  related  intangibles  is  written  off.  The  tenant  improvements  and origination costs are amortized as an expense over the remaining life of the lease (or charged against earnings if the lease is terminated prior to its contractual expiration date). We assess fair value based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize appropriate discount and capitalization rates and available market information. These cash flow projections may be derived from various observable and unobservable inputs and assumptions. Also, we may utilize third-party valuation specialists. As a part of acquisition accounting, the amount by which the fair value of our previously held equity method investment exceeds the carrying book value is recorded as a gain on previously held interest in acquired joint venture.

Cash and Cash Equivalents - All highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date  of  purchase  are  considered  to  be  cash  equivalents.  Cash  balances  at  a  limited  number  of  banks  may periodically  exceed  insurable  amounts.  We  believe  that  we  mitigate  our  risk  by  investing  in  or  through  major financial institutions.

Short-term Investments -  Investments with an original maturity of greater than three months and less than one year from the date of purchase are considered short-term investments and are stated at fair value. Interest on our short-term investments is recognized as interest income in our Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Deferred Charges - Deferred charges include deferred lease costs and other intangible assets consisting of fees and costs incurred to originate operating leases and are amortized over the expected lease term. Deferred lease costs  capitalized,  including  amounts  paid  to  third-party  brokers  and  internal  leasing  costs  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  2020  Deferred lease costs capitalized- payroll and related costs  $  1,338  $  1,233  $  1,343  Total deferred lease costs capitalized  $  2,570  $  5,115  $  3,061   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842 "Leases" ("ASC 842") on January 1, 2019, only direct internal leasing costs are capitalized and indirect internal leasing costs previously capitalized are now expensed. Deferred lease costs and other intangible assets also include the value of leases and origination costs deemed to have been acquired in real estate acquisitions.

Deferred financing costs - Deferred financing costs include fees and costs incurred to obtain long-term financing and are amortized over the terms of the respective loans. Unamortized deferred financing costs are charged to expense when debt is retired before the maturity date.

Captive  Insurance  We have a wholly-owned captive insurance company that is responsible for  losses  up  to certain deductible levels per occurrence for property damage (including wind damage from hurricanes) prior to third-party  insurance  coverage.  Insurance  losses  are  reflected  in  property  operating  expenses  and  include estimates of costs incurred, both reported and unreported.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets - Rental property held and used by us is reviewed for impairment in the event that facts and circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In such an event, we  compare  the  estimated  future  undiscounted  cash  flows  associated  with  the  asset  to  the  asset's  carrying amount, and if less than such carrying amount, recognize an impairment loss in an amount by which the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. The cash flow estimates used both for determining recoverability and estimating fair value are inherently judgmental and reflect current and projected trends in rental, occupancy, capitalization, and discount rates, and estimated holding periods for the applicable assets. The estimated fair value is based primarily on the income approach. The income approach involves discounting the estimated income stream and reversion  (presumed  sale)  value  of  a  property  over  an  estimated  holding  period  to  a  present  value  at  a  riskadjusted rate. Discount rates and terminal capitalization rates utilized in this approach are derived from propertyspecific information, market transactions and other financial and industry data.

During the first  quarter  of  2020,  fourth  quarter  of  2020  and  fourth  quarter  of  2021,  we  recorded  $45.7  million, $19.2 million and $7.0 million in impairment charges, respectively, related to our Foxwoods outlet center in our consolidated statement of operations which equaled the excess of the carrying value over its estimated fair value.

During  the  fourth  quarter  of  2020  we  recorded  $2.4  million  related  to  our  Jeffersonville  outlet  center  in  our consolidated statement of operations which equaled the excess of the carrying value over its estimated fair value. See Note 10 for additional information on the fair market value calculations.

See Note 5 for discussion of our share of the impairment charges recognized in our unconsolidated joint ventures at the Saint Sauveur, Quebec outlet center in 2020.

If  our  expected  holding  periods  for  assets  change,  subsequent  tests  for  impairment  could  result  in  additional impairment charges in the future. For example, the Foxwoods outlet center, which is part of a casino property, continues to face leasing challenges that could lead to further declines in occupancy, rental revenues and cash flows  in  the  future.  Such  challenges,  or  a  change  in  our  expected  holding  period,  could  result  in  additional impairment charges recognized for the Foxwoods property. In addition, one of our outlet centers has an estimated fair  value  significantly  less  than  its  recorded  carrying  value  of  approximately  $113.0  million.  We  continue  to monitor  facts  and  circumstances  and  events  in  future  periods  that  could  affect  inputs  such  as  the  expected holding period, operating cash flow forecasts and capitalization rates, utilized to determine whether an impairment charge  is  necessary.  We  can  provide  no  assurance  that  material  impairment  charges  with  respect  to  our properties will not occur in future periods.

Rental Properties Held For Sale Rental properties designated as held for sale are stated at the lower of their carrying value or their fair value less costs to sell. We classify rental property as held for sale when our Board of Directors  approves  the  sale  of  the  assets  and  it  meets  the  requirements  of  current  accounting  guidance. Subsequent to this classification, no further depreciation is recorded on the assets.

Impairment  of  Investments  On a  periodic  basis  or  if  circumstances  exist,  we  assess  whether  there  are  any indicators that the value of our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures may be impaired. An investment is impaired  only  if  management's  estimate  of  the  value  of  the  investment  is  less  than  the  carrying  value  of  the investments,  and  such  decline  in  value  is  deemed  to  be  other  than  temporary.  To  the  extent  an  other  than temporary  impairment  has  occurred,  the  loss  shall  be  measured  as  the  excess  of  the  carrying  amount  of  the investment over the value of the investment. Our estimates of value for each joint venture investment are based on  a  number  of  assumptions  that  are  subject  to  economic  and  market  uncertainties  including,  among  others, estimated hold period, demand for space, competition for tenants, discount and capitalization rates, changes in market rental rates and operating costs of the property. As these factors are difficult to predict and are subject to future events that may alter our assumptions, the values estimated by us in our impairment analysis may not be realized.

Sales of Real Estate For sales of real estate where we have consideration to which we are entitled in exchange for  transferring  the  real  estate,  the  related  assets  and  liabilities  are  removed  from  the  balance  sheet  and  the resultant gain or loss is recorded in the period the transaction closes. Any post sale involvement is accounted for as separate performance obligations and when the separate performance obligations are satisfied, the sales price allocated to each is recognized.

For transactions that do not meet the criteria for a sale, we evaluate the nature of the continuing involvement, including put and call provisions, if present, and account for the transaction as a financing arrangement, profitsharing arrangement, leasing arrangement or other alternate method of accounting, rather than as a sale, based on  the  nature  and  extent  of  the  continuing  involvement.  Some  transactions  may  have  numerous  forms  of continuing involvement. In those cases, we determine which method is most appropriate based on the substance of the transaction.

Discontinued Operations Properties that are sold or classified as held for sale are classified as discontinued operations  provided  that  the  disposal  represents  a  strategic  shift  that  has  (or  will  have)  a  major  effect  on  our operations and financial results (e.g., a disposal of a major geographical area, a major line of business, a major equity method investment or other major parts of an entity).

Derivatives -  We  selectively enter into interest rate protection agreements to mitigate the impact of changes in interest rates on our variable rate borrowings. The notional amounts of such agreements are used to measure the interest to be paid or received and do not represent the amount of exposure to loss. None of these agreements are used for speculative or trading purposes.

We recognize all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and measure those instruments at their fair value. We formally document our derivative transactions, including identifying the hedge instruments and hedged items, as well as our risk management objectives and strategies for entering into the hedge transaction.

Income Taxes - We operate in a manner intended to enable the Company to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. A REIT which distributes at least 90% of its taxable income to its shareholders each year and which meets certain other conditions is not taxed on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to its shareholders.  We  intend  to  continue  to  qualify  as  a  REIT  and  to  distribute  substantially  all  of  the  Company's taxable  income  to  its  shareholders. Accordingly,  no  provision  has  been  made  in  the  Company's  consolidated financial statements for Federal income taxes. As a partnership, the allocated share of income or loss for the year with respect to the Operating Partnership is included in the income tax returns for the partners; accordingly, no provision  has  been  made  for  Federal  income  taxes  in  the  Operating  Partnership's  consolidated  financial statements. In addition, we continue to evaluate uncertain tax positions. The tax years 2018 - 2021 remain open to examination by the major tax jurisdictions to which we are subject.

With regard to the Company's unconsolidated Canadian joint ventures, deferred tax assets result principally from depreciation  deducted  under  United  States  Generally  Accepted  Accounting  Principles  ("GAAP")  that  exceed capital cost allowances claimed under Canadian tax rules. A valuation allowance is provided if we believe all or some portion of the deferred tax asset may not be realized. We have determined that a full valuation allowance is required as we believe it is not probable that the deferred tax assets will be realized.

For income tax purposes, distributions paid to the Company's common shareholders consist of ordinary income, capital gains, return of capital or a combination thereof. Dividends per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were taxable as follows:

| Common dividends per share:  2022  2021  2020  Ordinary income  $  0.8025  $  -  $  0.7125  Capital gain  -  -  -  Return of capital  -  0.7150  -  $  0.8025  $  0.7150  $  0.7125   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  following  reconciles  net  income  (loss)  available  to  the  Company's  shareholders  to  taxable  income  (loss) available to common shareholders for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  2020  Net income (loss) available to the Company's shareholders  $  82,063  $  9,118  $  (36,278)  Book/tax difference on:  Depreciation and amortization  3,688  21,750  71,896  Sale of assets and interests in unconsolidated entities  5,328  (92,998)  (6,021)  Equity in earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures  12,511  (4,461)  9,642  Share-based payment compensation  11,822  6,797  7,859  Other differences  1,851  8,914  13,536  Taxable income (loss) available to common shareholders  $  117,263  $  (50,880)  $  60,634   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue Recognition - As a lessor, substantially all of our revenues are earned from arrangements that are within the scope of ASC 842. We utilized the practical expedient in ASU 2018-11 to account for lease and non-lease components as a single component which resulted in all of our revenues associated with leases being recorded as rental revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. Base rentals are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Tenant expense reimbursements are recognized in the period the applicable expenses  are  incurred.  As  a  result  of  combining  all  components  of  a  lease,  all  fixed  contractual  payments, including  consideration  received  from  certain  executory  costs,  are  now  recognized  on  a  straight-line  basis. Straight-line rent adjustments are recorded as a receivable in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Common  area  maintenance  expense  reimbursements  are  based  on  the  tenant's  proportionate  share  of  the allocable operating expenses for the property.

As a provision of a tenant lease, if we make a cash payment to the tenant for purposes other than funding the construction of landlord assets, we defer the amount of such payments as a lease incentive. We amortize lease incentives as a reduction of base rental revenue over the term of the lease. The majority of our leases contain provisions which provide additional rents based on tenants' sales volume ('percentage rentals') and reimbursement of the tenants' share of advertising and promotion, common area maintenance, insurance and real estate tax expenses. Percentage rentals are recognized when specified targets that trigger the contingent rent are met.  Payments  received  from  the  early  termination  of  leases  are  recognized  as  revenue  from  the  time  the payment is receivable until the tenant vacates the space.

We  account  for  rental  deferrals  using  the  receivables  model  as  described  within  the  Financial  Accounting Standards Board ('FASB') question and answer document (the 'Lease Modification Q&amp;A'). Under the receivables model,  we  will  continue  to  recognize  lease  revenue  in  a  manner  that  is  unchanged  from  the  original  lease agreement and continue to recognize lease receivables and rental revenue until such deferral is paid. We account for  rental  abatements  as  negative  variable  adjustments  to  rental  revenue  as  described  within  the  Lease Modification Q&amp;A.

The values of the above and below market leases are amortized and recorded as either an increase (in the case of below market leases) or a decrease (in the case of above market leases) to rental income over the remaining term of the associated lease. If a tenant terminates its lease prior to the original contractual termination of the lease and no rental payments are being made on the lease, any unamortized balance of the related above or below market lease value will be written off.

We  receive  development,  leasing,  loan  guarantee,  management  and  marketing  fees  from  third  parties  and unconsolidated affiliates for services provided to properties held in joint ventures. Development and leasing fees received from unconsolidated affiliates are recognized as revenue when earned to the extent of the third party partners' ownership interest. Development and leasing fees earned to the extent of our ownership interest are recorded as a reduction to our investment in the unconsolidated affiliate. Loan guarantee fees are recognized over the term of the guarantee. Management fees and marketing fees are recognized as revenue when earned. Fees recognized from these activities are shown as management, leasing and other services in our consolidated statements  of  operations.  Our  share  of  fees  received  from  consolidated  joint  ventures  are  eliminated  in consolidation.  Expense  reimbursements  from  unconsolidated  joint  ventures  are  recognized  in  the  period  the applicable expenses are incurred.

Operating Lease Receivable - O ur  accounts  receivable  from  tenants,  which  is  recorded  in  prepaids  and  other assets on the consolidated balance sheet, has decreased from approximately $9.9 million at December 31, 2021 to approximately $8.6 million at December 31, 2022, primarily due to collections of deferred April and May 2020 rents over the twelve month period. Straight-line rent adjustments recorded as a receivable in prepaid and other assets on  the consolidated balance  sheets  were  approximately  $51.1  million and  $53.3  million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

Individual  leases  are  assessed  for  collectability  and  upon  the  determination  that  the  collection  of  rents  is  not probable, accrued rent and accounts receivable are written off as an adjustment to rental revenue. Revenue from leases  where  collection  is  deemed  to  be  less  than  probable  is  recorded  on  a  cash  basis  until  collectability  is determined  to  be  probable.  Further  we  assess  whether  operating  lease  receivables,  at  a  portfolio  level,  are appropriately  valued  based  upon  an  analysis  of  balances  outstanding,  historical  bad  debt  levels  and  current economic  trends  including  discussions  with  tenants  for  potential  lease  amendments.  Our  estimate  of  the collectability of accrued rents and accounts receivable is based on the best information available to us at the time of preparing the financial statements.

The  COVID-19  pandemic,  tenant  bankruptcies  and  other  significant  uncertainties  with  the  economy  required significant judgment to be used when estimating the collection of rents through December 31, 2020. See Note 3 for amounts we recorded as a reduction of revenues for uncollectible accounts for the year ended December 31, 2020.

Concentration of Credit Risk - We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our tenants. Although the tenants operate principally in the retail industry, the properties are geographically diverse. No single tenant accounted for 10% or more of combined base and percentage rental revenues or gross leasable area during 2022, 2021 or 2020. See Note 3 for disclosures regarding credit risk due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Supplemental Cash Flow Information We purchase capital equipment and incur costs relating to construction of new  facilities,  including  tenant  finishing  allowances.  Expenditures  included  in  accounts  payable  and  accrued expenses were as follows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  2020  Costs relating to construction included in accounts payable  and accrued expenses  $  20,084  $  11,663  $  22,814   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest paid, net of interest capitalized was as follows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  2020  Interest paid, net of interest capitalized  $  40,839  $  45,114  $  58,021   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Accounting for Equity-Based Compensation - We have a shareholder approved equity-based compensation plan, the  Incentive  Award  Plan  of  Tanger  Factory  Outlet  Centers,  Inc.  and  Tanger  Properties  Limited  Partnership (Amended and Restated as of April 4, 2014) (the "Plan"), which covers our independent directors, officers and our employees. We may issue non-qualified options and other equity-based awards under the Plan. We account for our equity-based compensation plan under the fair value provisions of the relevant accounting guidance and we estimate expected forfeitures in determining compensation cost.

Foreign  Currency  Translation  We  have  entered  into  a  co-ownership  agreement  with  RioCan  Real  Estate Investment Trust to develop and acquire outlet centers in Canada for which the functional currency is the local currency.  The  assets  and  liabilities  related  to  our  investments  in  Canada  are  translated  from  their  functional currency into U.S. Dollars at the rate of exchange in effect on the balance sheet date. Income statement accounts are translated using the average exchange rate for the period. Our share of unrealized gains and losses resulting from the translation of these financial statements are reflected in equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated balance sheets.

## Recently issued accounting standards

On March 12, 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ('ASU') 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) - Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, which provides optional expedients  and  exceptions  for  applying  GAAP  to  contracts,  hedging  relationships  and  other  transactions  that reference LIBOR or other reference rates expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. This ASU is  effective  as  of  March  12,  2020  through  December  31,  2022.  In  January  2021,  the  FASB  issued ASU 2021-01,  Reference  Rate  Reform  (Topic  848),  which  refines  the  scope  of  Topic  848  and  clarifies  some  of  its guidance. Specifically, certain provisions in Topic 848, if elected by an entity, apply to derivative instruments that use an interest rate for margining, discounting, or contract price alignment that is modified as a result of reference rate reform. Amendments to the expedients and exceptions in Topic 848 capture the incremental consequences of the  scope  clarification  and  tailor  the  existing  guidance  to  derivative  instruments  affected  by  the  discounting transition. The amendments are effective immediately for all entities. An entity may elect to apply the amendments on a full  retrospective  basis.  In  October  2022  we  elected  to  apply  the  hedge  accounting  expedients  related  to probability and the assessments of effectiveness for future LIBOR-indexed cash flows to assume that the index upon which future hedged transactions will be based matches the index on the corresponding derivatives. This was done as we modified all of our current interest rate derivative contracts, changing the indexes from LIBOR to Adjusted  SOFR.    We  have  and  will  continue  to  elect  to  apply  practical  expedients  related  to  contract modifications, changes in critical terms, and updates to the designated hedged risk(s) as qualifying changes are made to applicable debt and derivative instruments. Application of these expedients preserves the presentation of derivatives contracts consistent with past presentation. We continue to evaluate the impact of the guidance and may  apply  other  applicable  elections  as  additional  changes  in  the  market  and  with  respect  to  our  debt  and derivative instruments occur.

## 3. COVID-19 Pandemic

The current novel COVID-19 pandemic ('COVID-19') has had, and will continue to have, repercussions across local,  national  and  global  economies  and  financial  markets.  Our  financial  results  for  2020  were  materially adversely impacted by COVID-19 as described below. During 2021 and 2022, our business and financial results improved,  and  metrics  such  as  average  overall  occupancy  rates,  traffic  to  our  centers,  sales  reported  by  our tenants, and collections of rental revenues returned to near, at, or in some cases above, pre-pandemic levels. Nevertheless,  the  full  extent  of  the  adverse  impact  on,  among  other  things,  our  results  of  operations,  liquidity (including our ability to access capital markets), the possibility of future impairments of long-lived assets or our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, our compliance with debt covenants, our ability to collect rent under our existing leases, our ability  to  renew  and  re-lease  our  leased  space,  the  outlook  for  the  retail  environment, bankruptcies and potential further bankruptcies or other store closings and our ability to develop, acquire, dispose or  lease  properties  for  our  portfolio,  is  unknown  and  will  depend  on  future  developments,  which  are  highly uncertain  and  cannot  be  predicted.  Our  results  of  operations,  liquidity  and  cash  flows  have  been  and  may continue to be in the future materially affected.

During 2020, although our outlet centers remained open, retailers began closing their stores in our outlet centers in  mid-March  and  by  April  6,  2020,  substantially  all  of  the  stores  in  our  portfolio  were  closed  as  a  result  of mandates by order of local and state authorities. By June 15, 2020, in store shopping for non-essential retail was allowed in every market in which our centers are located.

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, a number of our tenants requested rent deferrals, rent abatements or other types of rent relief during this pandemic. As a response, in late March 2020, we offered all tenants in our consolidated portfolio  the  option  to  defer  100%  of  April  and  May  rents  interest  free,  payable  in  equal  installments  due  in January  and  February  of  2021.  Through  December  31,  2022,  the  Company  had  collected  99%  of  the  2020 deferred rents.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, as a direct result of the pandemic, bankruptcies and restructurings, the Company's earnings were negatively impacted by approximately $47.3 million due to (1) write-offs related to bankruptcies and other uncollectible accounts due to financial weakness, (2) one-time concessions in exchange for landlord-favorable amendments to lease structure, (3) reserves for a portion of deferred and under negotiation billings that we expect to become uncollectible in future periods, (4) and write-offs of straight-line rents associated with the bankruptcies and uncollectible accounts.

Included  in  the  negative  impact  discussed  above,  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2020,  we  recorded  a $5.3  million  reserve  for  a  portion  of  deferred  and  under  negotiation  billings  that  were  expected  to  become uncollectible in future periods and recognized a write-off of revenue of approximately $7.2 million of straight-line rents associated with the tenant bankruptcies and uncollectible accounts. However, as of December 31, 2021, contractual fixed rents billed during 2020 that were deferred as a direct result of the COVID-19 pandemic and remain outstanding totaled $82,000. Through December 31, 2022, the Company had collected 99% of the 2020 deferred rents due to be repaid during the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. As a result we reversed $2.7 million in reserves related to deferred rents in 2021. During 2022, results included the reversal of  revenue  reserves  of  approximately  $4.1  million  compared  to  approximately  $1.2  million  of  net  reserves recorded in 2021.The extent of future tenant requests for rent relief and the impact on our results of operations and cash flows is uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. If store closures were to occur again in our domestic markets, this could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations.

In  March  2020,  to  increase  liquidity,  preserve  financial  flexibility  and  help  meet  our  obligations  for  a  sustained period of time, we drew down substantially all of the available capacity under our $600.0 million unsecured lines of credit.  Beginning  in  June  2020  through August  2020,  we  repaid  the  entire  $599.8  million  outstanding  balance bringing the outstanding balance to zero as of December 31, 2020.

During 2020, we took steps to reduce cash outflows, including the reduction or deferral of certain operating costs, temporary base salary reductions for our named executive officers and other employees, and the reduction of certain  general  and  administrative  expenses.  In  addition,  we  also  temporarily  deferred  our  Nashville  predevelopment-stage  project  and  certain  other  planned  capital  expenditures.  We  paid  the  dividend  that  was declared in January 2020 as scheduled on May 15, 2020, but in May 2020 the Company's Board of Directors temporarily  suspended  dividend  distributions  to  conserve  approximately  $35.0  million  in  cash  per  quarter  and preserve our balance sheet strength and flexibility. During 2021, we resumed pre-development activities on the Nashville project and other planned capital expenditures. We also reinstated the dividend in January 2021 and paid dividends on a quarterly basis for the year ended December 31, 2021. We continued to pay dividends on a quarterly  basis  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  including  a  combined  20%  increase  in  our  quarterly dividend during 2022.

## 4. Disposition of Properties

The following table sets forth the properties sold for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands).

| Properties  Locations  Date Sold  Square  Feet  Net Sales  Proceeds  Gain on  Sale  2022 Dispositions:  (1)  Blowing Rock  Blowing Rock, North Carolina  December 2022  104  $  12,400  $  3,156  2021 Dispositions:  (1)  Jeffersonville  Jeffersonville, Ohio  January 2021  412  $  8,100  $  -  2020 Dispositions:  (1)  Terrell  Terrell, Texas  August 2020  178  $  7,626  $  2,324  694  $  28,126  $  5,480   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The rental properties sold did not meet the criteria to be reported as discontinued operations.

## 5. Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Joint Ventures

The  equity  method  of  accounting  is  used  to  account  for  each  of  the  individual  joint  ventures.  We  have  an ownership interest in the following unconsolidated real estate joint ventures:

## As of December 31, 2022

| Joint Venture  Outlet Center  Location  Ownership  %  Square  Feet  (in 000's)  Carrying Value  of Investment  (in millions)  Total Joint  Venture Debt,  Net  (in millions)  (1)  Investments included in investments in unconsolidated joint ventures:  RioCan Canada  Various  50.0 %  665  73.8  -  $  73.8  Investments included in other liabilities:  Charlotte  (2)  Charlotte, NC  50.0 %  399  $  (18.8)  $  99.7  National Harbor  (2)  National Harbor, MD  50.0 %  341  (12.8)  94.6  Galveston/Houston  (2)  Texas City, TX  50.0 %  353  (15.5)  64.5  Columbus  Columbus, OH  50.0 %  355  (2.4)  70.3  $  (49.5)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## As of December 31, 2021

| Joint Venture  Outlet Center  Location  Ownership  %  Square  Feet  (in 000's)  Carrying Value  of Investment  (in millions)  Total Joint  Venture Debt,  Net  (in millions)  (1)  Investments included in investments in unconsolidated joint ventures:  Columbus  Columbus, OH  50.0 %  355  $  0.2  $  70.9  RioCan Canada  Various  50.0 %  665  82.4  -  $  82.6  Investments included in other liabilities:  Charlotte  (2)  Charlotte, NC  50.0 %  399  $  (16.2)  $  99.6  National Harbor  (2)  National Harbor, MD  50.0 %  341  (11.2)  94.5  Galveston/Houston  (2)  Texas City, TX  50.0 %  353  (14.0)  64.4  $  (41.4)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Net of debt origination costs of $1.5 million and $1.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

(2) We separately report investments in joint ventures for which accumulated distributions have exceeded investments in and our share of net income or loss of the joint ventures within other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets because  we  are  committed  and  intend  to  provide  further  financial  support  to  these  joint  ventures.  The  negative carrying value is due to the distributions of proceeds from mortgage loans and quarterly distributions of excess cash flow exceeding the original contributions from the partners and equity in earnings of the joint ventures.

Fees  we  received  for  various  services  provided  to  our  unconsolidated  joint  ventures  were  recognized  in management, leasing and other services as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Fees:  Management and marketing  $  2,207  $  2,347  $  1,859  Leasing and other fees  194  228  60  Expense reimbursements from unconsolidated joint ventures  4,432  3,836  3,017  Total Fees  $  6,833  $  6,411  $  4,936   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our investments in real estate joint ventures are reduced by the percentage of the profits earned for leasing and development  services  associated  with  our  ownership  interest  in  each  joint  venture.  Our  carrying  value  of investments  in  unconsolidated  joint  ventures  differs  from  our  share  of  the  assets  reported  in  the  'Condensed Combined Balance Sheets - Unconsolidated Joint Ventures' shown below due to adjustments to the book basis, including intercompany profits on sales of services that are capitalized by the unconsolidated joint ventures. The differences in basis (totaling $3.2 million and $3.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) are amortized over the various useful lives of the related assets.

## Charlotte

In July 2014, we opened an approximately 398,000 square foot outlet center in Charlotte, North Carolina that was developed through, and is owned by, a joint venture formed in May 2013. In June 2018, the Charlotte joint venture closed on a $100.0 million mortgage loan with a fixed interest rate of approximately 4.3% and a maturity date of July  2028. The proceeds from the loan were used to pay off the existing $90.0 million mortgage loan with an interest  rate  of  LIBOR  +  1.45%,  which  had  an  original  maturity  date  of  November  2018.  The  joint  venture distributed the incremental net loan proceeds of $9.3 million equally to the partners. Our partner provides property management, marketing and leasing services to the joint venture.

## Columbus

In  June  2016,  we  opened  an  approximately  355,000  square  foot  outlet  center  in  Columbus,  Ohio.  The development was initially  fully  funded  with  equity  contributed  to  the  joint  venture  by  Tanger  and  its  partner.  In November 2016, the joint venture closed on an interest-only mortgage loan of $85.0 million at an interest rate of LIBOR + 1.65%. The loan initially  matured  in  November  2019,  with  two  one-year  extension  options. The  joint venture received net loan proceeds of $84.2 million and distributed them equally to the partners. In October 2019, the joint venture exercised its first option to extend the mortgage loan for one year to November 2020 under the same terms. In December 2020, the Columbus joint venture amended the mortgage loan to extend the maturity to November  2022,  which  required  a  reduction  in  principal  balance  from  $85.0  million  to  $71.0  million.  The amendment also changed the interest rate from LIBOR + 1.65% to LIBOR + 1.85%. In addition, the mortgage loan guarantee  by  us  was  increased  from  $6.4  million  to  $11.9  million.  In  September  2022,  we  refinanced  this mortgage. The new $71.0 million non-recourse loan has a maturity date of October 2032 and a fixed interest rate of 6.25%. We are providing property management, marketing and leasing services to the joint venture.

## Galveston/Houston

In October 2012, we opened an approximately 353,000 square foot outlet center in Texas City, Texas that was developed through, and is owned by, a joint venture formed in June 2011. In July 2017, the joint venture amended and  restated  the  initial  construction  loan,  which  had  an  outstanding  balance  of  $65.0  million,  to  increase  the amount available to borrow from $70.0 million to $80.0 million and extended the maturity date until July 2020 with two one-year options. The amended and restated loan also changed the interest rate from LIBOR + 1.50% to LIBOR + 1.65%. At the closing of the amendment, the joint venture distributed the net proceeds of approximately $14.5 million equally between the partners.In June 2020, in response to the COVID-19 impact on the property, the Galveston/Houston joint venture amended its mortgage loan. The loan modification amended the first one-year extension option to provide for two six-month options (the 'First Extension' and 'Second Extension', respectively). Under the loan modification, the loan would have matured in July 2022. In February 2021, the Galveston/Houston joint  venture  amended  its  mortgage  loan  to  extend  the  maturity  to  July  2023,  which  required  a  reduction  in principal balance from $80.0 million to $64.5 million. The amendment also changed the interest rate from LIBOR + 1.65%  to  LIBOR  +  1.85%.  Each  partner  made  a  capital  contribution  of  $7.0  million  to  fund  the  reduction  in principal balance. We are providing property management, marketing and leasing services to the outlet center.

## National Harbor

In  November  2013,  we  opened  an  approximately  341,000  square  foot  outlet  center  at  National  Harbor  in  the Washington, D.C. Metro area that was developed through, and is owned by, a joint venture formed in May 2011. In December 2018, the National Harbor joint venture closed on a $95.0 million mortgage loan with a fixed interest rate of approximately 4.6% and a maturity date of January 2030. The proceeds from the loan were used to pay off the $87.0 million construction loan with an interest rate of LIBOR + 1.65%, which had an original maturity date of November 2019. The joint venture distributed the incremental net loan proceeds of $7.4 million equally to the partners.

## RioCan Canada

We have a 50/50 co-ownership agreement with RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust to operate and manage outlet centers in Canada. We provide leasing and marketing services for the outlet centers and RioCan provides development and property management services.

In  October  2014,  the  co-owners  opened  Tanger  Outlets  Ottawa,  the  first  ground  up  development  of  a  Tanger Outlet Center in Canada. In 2016, the co-owners commenced construction on a 39,000 square foot expansion, which opened during the second quarter of 2017 to bring the total square feet of the outlet center to approximately 357,000. In November 2020, the RioCan joint venture closed on the sale of an outparcel located at Tanger Outlets Ottawa for net proceeds of approximately $5.5 million and a gain of approximately $2.0 million. Our share of the net proceeds was $2.8 million, and our share of the gain was approximately $1.0 million.

In  addition,  the  RioCan  Canada  co-owners  own  Tanger  Outlets  Cookstown,  which  is  approximately  308,000 square feet.

In  March  2021,  the  RioCan  joint  venture  closed  on  the  sale  of  its  116,000  square  foot  outlet  center  in  SaintSauveur,  for  net  proceeds  of  approximately  $9.4  million.  Our  share  of  the  proceeds  was  approximately  $4.7 million. As a result of this transaction, we recorded a loss on the sale of $3.7 million. This includes a $3.6 million charge related  to  the  foreign  currency  effect  of  the  sale  recorded  in  other  income  (expense),  which  had  been previously recorded in other comprehensive income.

In May 2020, the joint venture's mortgage loan for the outlet center in Saint-Sauveur matured and the joint venture repaid the approximately $8.3 million owed in full.

During 2020, the RioCan joint venture recognized an impairment charge related to its Saint-Sauveur property. The impairment charge was primarily driven by, among other things, new competition in the market and changes in market capitalization rates and the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020.

The table below summarizes the impairment charges taken during 2020 (in thousands):

| Impairment Charge  (1)  Outlet Center  Total  Our Share  2020  Saint-Sauveur  $  6,181  $  3,091   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The fair value was determined using an income approach considering the prevailing market income capitalization rates for similar assets.

Condensed combined summary financial information of joint ventures accounted for using the equity method as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows (in thousands):

| Condensed Combined Balance Sheets - Unconsolidated Joint Ventures  2022  2021  Assets  Land  $  81,716  $  83,568  Buildings, improvements and fixtures  458,190  467,918  Construction in progress  681  744  540,587  552,230  Accumulated depreciation  (182,731)  (166,096)  Total rental property, net  357,856  386,134  Cash and cash equivalents  17,372  19,030  Deferred lease costs, net  2,895  3,517  Prepaids and other assets  10,612  13,109  Total assets  $  388,735  $  421,790  Liabilities and Owners' Equity  Mortgages payable, net  $  329,009  $  329,460  Accounts payable and other liabilities  15,374  15,231  Total liabilities  344,383  344,691  Owners' equity  44,352  77,099  Total liabilities and owners' equity  $  388,735  $  421,790   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Condensed Combined Statements of OperationsUnconsolidated Joint Ventures:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Revenues  $  87,709  $  88,120  $  76,866  Expenses:  Property operating  34,297  35,111  33,053  General and administrative  257  278  395  Impairment charges  -  -  6,181  Depreciation and amortization  21,749  22,947  23,544  Total expenses  56,303  58,336  63,173  Other income (expense):  Interest expense  (14,174)  (11,715)  (13,091)  Gain on sale of assets  -  503  1,983  Other non-operating income  230  160  170  Total other income (expense)  $  (13,944)  $  (11,052)  $  (10,938)  Net income  $  17,462  $  18,732  $  2,755  The Company and Operating Partnership's share of:  Net income  $  8,594  $  8,904  $  1,126  Depreciation, amortization and asset impairments (real estate  related)  $  11,018  $  11,618  $  15,115   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. Deferred Charges

Deferred lease costs and other intangibles, net as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 consist of the following (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  Deferred lease costs  $  89,103  $  90,240  Intangible assets:  Above market leases  36,085  38,942  Lease in place value  52,280  53,584  Tenant relationships  32,912  33,759  Other intangibles  40,651  40,806  251,031  257,331  Accumulated amortization  (192,457)  (183,611)  Deferred lease costs and other intangibles, net  $  58,574  $  73,720   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Below market lease intangibles, net of accumulated amortization, included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were $13.3 million and $14.9 million, respectively.

Amortization of deferred lease costs and other intangibles, excluding above and below market leases, included in depreciation and amortization for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $11.6 million, $10.7 million and $12.4 million, respectively.

Amortization of above and below market lease intangibles recorded as an increase or (decrease) in base rentals for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020  was  $(1.0)  million,  $0.1  million  and  $(2.4)  million, respectively.

Estimated aggregate amortization of net above and below market leases and other intangibles for each of the five succeeding years is as follows (in thousands):

| Year  Above/(Below)  Market  Leases, Net  (1)  Lease Cost  Intangibles  (2)  2023  $  54  $  3,050  2024  (16)  2,865  2025  (424)  2,303  2026  (745)  1,727  2027  (771)  1,562  Total  $  (1,902)  $  11,507   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) These net amounts are recorded as a reduction (increase) of base rentals.

(2) These amounts are recorded as an increase in depreciation and amortization.

## 7. Debt of the Company

All of the Company's debt is held by the Operating Partnership and its consolidated subsidiaries.

The Company guarantees the Operating Partnership's obligations  with  respect  to  its  unsecured  lines  of  credit which  have  a  total  borrowing  capacity  of  $520.0  million.  The  Company  also  guarantees  the  Operating Partnership's unsecured term loan.

The Operating Partnership had the following amounts outstanding on the debt guaranteed by the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  Unsecured lines of credit  $  -  $  -  Unsecured term loan  $  325,000  $  300,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. Debt of the Operating Partnership

The  debt  of  the  Operating  Partnership  as  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021  consisted  of  the  following  (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  Stated Interest  Rate(s)  Maturity Date  Principal  Book  Value  (1)  Principal  Book  Value  (1)  Senior, unsecured notes:  Senior notes  3.125 %  September 2026  $  350,000  $  347,894  $  350,000  $  347,329  Senior notes  3.875 %  July 2027  300,000  298,142  300,000  297,742  Senior notes  2.750 %  September 2031  400,000  391,962  400,000  391,110  Mortgages payable:  Atlantic City  (2) (3)  6.44 %  -  7.65%  December 2024-  December 2026  17,109  17,625  21,550  22,387  Southaven  Adj SOFR + 2.00%  October 2026  51,700  51,346  40,144  40,087  Unsecured term loan  Adj SOFR  + 1.20%  January 2027  325,000  321,525  300,000  298,421  Unsecured lines of  credit  Adj SOFR  + 1.20%  July 2025  -  -  -  -  $ 1,443,809  $ 1,428,494  $  1,411,694  $ 1,397,076   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Includes premiums and net of debt discount and unamortized debt origination costs. Excludes $3.5 million and $4.8 million of unamortized debt origination costs related to unsecured lines of credit as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, recorded in prepaids and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Unamortized debt origination costs were $12.8 million and $12.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization of deferred debt origination costs included in interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $3.1 million, $4.0 million and $3.6 million, respectively.

(2) The  effective  interest  rate  assigned  during  the  purchase  price  allocation  to  the  Atlantic  City  mortgages  assumed during the acquisition in 2011 was 5.05%.

(3) Principal and interest due monthly with remaining principal due at maturity.

Certain of  our  properties,  which  had  a  net  book  value  of  approximately  $143.2  million  at  December  31,  2022, serve as collateral for mortgages payable. As of December 31, 2022, we maintained unsecured lines of credit that provided for borrowings of up to $520.0 million. The unsecured lines of credit as of December 31, 2022 included a $20.0 million liquidity line and a $500.0 million syndicated line. As of December 31, 2022, the syndicated line may be increased up to $1.2 billion through an accordion feature in certain circumstances.

The  unsecured  lines  of  credit  and  senior  unsecured  notes  include  covenants  that  require  the  maintenance  of certain  ratios,  including  debt  service  coverage  and  leverage,  and  limit  the  payment  of  dividends  such  that dividends and distributions will not exceed funds from operations, as defined in the agreements, for the prior fiscal year on an annual basis or 95% of funds from operations on a cumulative basis. As of December 31, 2022, we believe we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants.

## 2022 Transactions

## Memphis Consolidated Joint Venture

In October 2022, the Southaven, Mississippi joint venture amended and restated its secured term loan, increasing the outstanding balance to $51.7 million from $40.1 million, extending maturity from April 2023 to October 2026 plus a one year extension option, with an interest rate of Adjusted SOFR plus 200 basis points.

## Unsecured Term Loan

In October 2022, we amended and restated our unsecured term loan.  The outstanding balance was increased from $300.0 million to $325.0 million and the maturity was extended to January 2027 plus a one-year extension option. The interest rate changed from LIBOR + 1.25% to Adjusted SOFR + 1.20% based on our current credit rating. The amendment also incorporates a sustainability metric, reducing the applicable grid-based interest rate spread by one basis point annually, subject to meeting certain thresholds.

## Amendment of Unsecured Line of Credit

In  October  2022,  we  amended  our  unsecured  lines  of  credit  to  change  the  interest  rate  index  from  LIBOR  to Adjusted SOFR. All other terms remained unchanged.

## 2021 Transactions

## Unsecured term loan

In  March  2021  and  June  2021,  we  paid  down  a  total  of  $50.0  million  of  borrowings  under  our  $350.0  million unsecured term loan with cash on hand, reducing the outstanding balance to $300.0 million as of December 31, 2021.

## Redemption of the 2023 and 2024 Senior Notes and public offering of aggregate $400.0 Million Unsecured Senior Notes due 2031

In  April  2021,  we  completed  a  partial  redemption  of  $150.0  million  aggregate  principal  amount  of  our  $250.0 million  3.875%  senior  notes  due  December  2023,  for  $163.0  million  in  cash,  which  includes  a  make-whole premium of  $13.0  million  and  the  write-off  of  approximately  $1.0  million  of  debt  discount  and  debt  origination costs. The make-whole premium and the write-off of debt discount and debt origination costs was recorded as a loss  on  early  extinguishment  of  debt  within  the  consolidated  statements  of  operations.  Subsequent  to  this redemption, $100.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes remained outstanding, until the redemption in August 2021, described below.

In August 2021, we completed a public offering of $400.0 million in senior notes due 2031. The notes were priced at 98.552% of the principal amount to yield 2.917% to maturity. The notes pay interest semi-annually at a rate of 2.750%  per  annum  and  mature  on  September  1,  2031.  The  aggregate  net  proceeds  from  the  offering,  after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses, were approximately $390.7 million. We used the net proceeds from the sale of the notes to redeem all remaining 3.875% senior notes due 2023, $100.0 million in aggregate  principal  amount  outstanding,  and  all  3.750%  senior  notes  due  2024,  $250.0  million  in  aggregate principal  outstanding.  The  redemptions  occurred  in  September  2021  and  included  a  make-whole  premium  of $31.9 million and the write-off of approximately $1.9 million of debt discount and debt origination costs. The makewhole  premium  and  the  write-off  of  debt  discount  and  origination  costs  was  recorded  as  a  loss  on  early extinguishment of debt within the consolidated statements of operations. The remaining proceeds were used for general corporate purposes.

## Unsecured Lines of Credit Extension

In July 2021, we amended our unsecured lines of credit and extended the maturity date from October 2021 to July 2025,  which  may  be  extended  by  an  additional  year  by  exercising  two  six-month  extension  options.  The amendment eliminated the LIBOR floor, which was previously 0.25%, and entitles us to a one basis point annual reduction in the interest rate if we meet certain sustainability thresholds. Other pricing terms remained the same. The lines provide for borrowings of up to $520.0 million, including a $20.0 million liquidity line and a $500.0 million syndicated line. A 0.25% facility fee is due annually on the entire committed amount of each facility. In certain circumstances, total line capacity may be increased to $1.2 billion through an accordion feature in the syndicated line.

## Atlantic City Mortgage

During 2021, we completed the principal payments of certain mortgage notes secured by the Atlantic City property with stated interest rates that ranged from 5.14% to 6.27% and which were scheduled to mature in 2021. The effective interest rate for the remaining notes remains 5.05% as established upon acquisition. The stated rates for the  remaining  secured  notes  ranged  from  6.44%  to  7.65%  with  maturity  dates  between  December  2024  and December 2026.

## Southaven Mortgage

In  October  2021,  the  joint  venture  that  owns  the  Southaven,  Mississippi  outlet  center  exercised  its  option  to extend the maturity of the Southaven, Mississippi mortgage to April 2023 and paid down the principal balance by $11.3  million  to  $40.1  million.  The  interest  rate  remains  LIBOR  +  1.80%.  The  outlet  center  is  consolidated  for financial reporting purposes and we funded the entire $11.3 million.

## Debt Maturities

Maturities and principal amortization of our consolidated existing debt as of December 31, 2022 for the next five years and thereafter are as follows (in thousands):

| Calendar Year  Amount  2023  $  4,773  2024  5,130  2025  1,501  2026  407,405  2027  625,000  Thereafter  400,000  Subtotal  1,443,809  Net discount and debt origination costs  (15,315)  Total  $ 1,428,494   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We have considered our short-term (one year or less from the date of filing these financial statements) liquidity needs and the adequacy of our estimated cash flows from operating activities and other financing sources to meet these needs. These other sources include but are not limited to: existing cash, ongoing relationships with certain financial institutions, our ability to sell debt or issue equity subject to market conditions and proceeds from the potential sale of non-core assets. We believe that we have access to the necessary financing to fund our shortterm liquidity needs.

## 9. Derivative Financial Instruments

The following table summarizes the terms and fair values of our derivative financial instruments, as well as their classifications within the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (notional amounts and fair values in thousands):

| Fair Value  Effective Date  Maturity Date  Notional  Amount  Bank Pay Rate  Company  Average  Fixed Pay  Rate  2022  2021  Assets (Liabilities)  (1)  :  July 1, 2019  February 1, 2024  25,000  Daily Adjusted SOFR  1.68 %  $  853  $  (459)  January 1, 2021  February 1, 2024  150,000  Daily Adjusted SOFR  0.53 %  6,966  828  January 1, 2021  February 1, 2024  100,000  Daily Adjusted SOFR  0.15 %  5,043  1,331  March 1, 2021  February 1, 2024  25,000  Daily Adjusted SOFR  0.18 %  1,256  326  Total  $  300,000  $  14,118  $  2,026   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Asset balances are recorded in prepaids and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets and liabilities are recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.

The derivative financial instruments are comprised of interest rate swaps, which are designated and qualify as cash  flow  hedges,  each  with  a  separate  counterparty.  We  do  not  use  derivatives  for  trading  or  speculative purposes and currently do not have any derivatives that are not designated as hedges.

Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings.

The following table represents the effect of the derivative financial instruments on the accompanying consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  2020  Interest Rate Swaps (Effective Portion):  Amount of gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss)  $  12,092  $  5,383  $ (2,934)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10. Fair Value Measurements

Fair value guidance establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. These tiers are defined as follows:

| Tier  Description  Level 1  Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets  Level 2  Inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable  Level 3  Unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its  own assumptions   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Fair Value Measurements on a Recurring Basis

The  following  table  sets  forth  our  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  measured  at  fair  value  within  the  fair  value hierarchy (in thousands):

| Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Quoted Prices  in Active  Markets for  Identical  Assets or  Liabilities  Significant  Observable  Inputs  Significant  Unobservable  Inputs  Total  Fair value as of December 31, 2022:  Asset:  Short-term government securities (cash and  cash equivalents)  $  174,495  $  174,495  $  -  $  -  Bank certificate of deposit (short-term  investments)  52,450  52,450  -  -  Interest rate swaps (prepaids and other  assets)  14,118  -  14,118  -  Total assets  $  241,063  $  226,945  $  14,118  $  -  Liabilities:  Interest rate swaps (other liabilities)  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  -  Total liabilities  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Quoted Prices  in Active  Markets for  Identical Assets  or Liabilities  Significant  Observable  Inputs  Significant  Unobservable  Inputs  Total  Fair value as of December 31, 2021:  Assets:  Short-term government securities (cash and  cash equivalents)  $  158,197  $  158,197  $  -  $  -  Interest rate swaps (prepaids and other  assets)  2,485  -  2,485  -  Total assets  $  160,682  $  158,197  $  2,485  $  -  Liabilities:  Interest rate swaps (other liabilities)  $  459  $  -  $  459  $  -  Total liabilities  $  459  $  -  $  459  $  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fair values of interest rate swaps are approximated using Level 2 inputs based on current market data received from financial sources that trade such instruments and are based on prevailing market data and derived from third party proprietary models based on well recognized financial principles including counterparty risks, credit spreads and interest rate projections, as well as reasonable estimates about relevant future market conditions.

## Fair Value Measurements on a Nonrecurring Basis

The following table sets forth our assets that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis within the fair value hierarchy (in thousands):

| Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Quoted Prices  in Active  Markets for  Identical  Assets or  Liabilities  Significant  Observable  Inputs  Significant  Unobservable  Inputs  Total  Fair value as of December 31, 2022:  Asset:  Long-lived assets  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  -  Fair value as of December 31, 2021:  Asset:  Long-lived assets  $  29,460  $  -  $  -  $  29,460  Fair value as of December 31, 2020:  Asset:  Long-lived assets  $  46,950  $  -  $  -  $  46,950   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Jeffersonville Impairments

During the fourth quarter of 2020, due to the pending sale in January 2021 of the outlet center we recorded an impairment charge of $2.4 million in our consolidated statement of operations which equaled the excess of the carrying value of our Jeffersonville outlet center over its estimated fair value. The estimated fair value was based on the market approach.

## Foxwoods Impairments

During the first quarter 2020, we recorded a $45.7 million impairment charge in our consolidated statement of operations which equaled the excess of the carrying value of our Foxwoods outlet center over its estimated fair value. The estimated fair value was based on the income approach. The income approach involves discounting the estimated income stream and reversion (presumed sale) value of a property over an estimated holding period to a present value at a risk-adjusted rate.

During  the  fourth  quarter  of  2020,  in  anticipation  of  further  store  closings  and  declining  operating  results,  we recorded  an  additional  impairment  charge  of  $19.2  million  in  our  consolidated  statement  of  operations  which equaled  the  excess  of  the  carrying  value  of  our  Foxwoods  outlet  center  over  its  estimated  fair  value.  The estimated fair value was based on the income approach. During the fourth quarter of 2021, due to a decrease in the  estimated  hold  period  and  declining  operating  results,  we  recorded  an  additional  impairment  charge  of $7.0 million in our consolidated statement of operations which equaled the excess of the carrying value of our Foxwoods outlet center over its estimated fair value. The estimated fair value was based on the income approach.

Discount rates and terminal capitalization rates utilized in the approach above were derived from property-specific information,  market  transactions  and  other  financial  and  industry  data.  The  terminal  capitalization  rate  and discount rate are significant unobservable inputs in determining the fair value. These inputs are classified under Level  3  in  the  fair  value  hierarchy  above.  Our  assumptions  during  our  asset  impairment  reviews  during  2022 remained  consistent.  Should  the  significant  assumptions  utilized  above  to  determine  fair  value  continue  to deteriorate, additional impairments in the future could be possible.

The table below summarizes the terminal capitalization rate and discount rate used:

| December 31,  2021  December 31,  2020  Terminal capitalization rate  8.3 %  7.8 %  Discount rate  9.3 %  8.5 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other Fair Value Disclosures

The estimated fair value and recorded value of our debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  Level 1 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets or Liabilities  $  -  $  -  Level 2 Significant Observable Inputs  876,542  1,079,234  Level 3 Significant Unobservable Inputs  391,820  366,103  Total fair value of debt  $  1,268,362  $  1,445,337  Recorded value of debt  $  1,428,494  $  1,397,076   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our senior unsecured notes are publicly-traded which provides quoted market rates. However, due to the limited trading volume of these notes, we have classified these instruments as Level 2 in the hierarchy. Our other debt is classified as Level 3 given the unobservable inputs utilized in the valuation. Our unsecured term loan, unsecured lines of credit and variable interest rate mortgages are all SOFR based instruments. When selecting the discount rates for purposes of estimating the fair value of these instruments, we evaluated the original credit spreads and do  not  believe  that  the  use  of  them  differs  materially  from  current  credit  spreads  for  similar  instruments  and therefore the recorded values of these debt instruments is considered their fair value.

The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other assets  and  liabilities  are  reasonable  estimates  of  their  fair  values  because  of  the  short  maturities  of  these instruments.

## 11. Shareholders' Equity of the Company

As discussed in Note 12, each Class A common limited partnership unit is exchangeable for one common share of the Company. The following table sets forth the number of Class A common limited partnership units exchanged for an equal number of common shares for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| 2022  2021  2020  Exchange of Class A limited partnership units  23,577  33,084  116,530   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## At-the-Market Offering

Under our at-the-market stock offering program ('ATM Offering'), which commenced February 2021, we may offer and sell our common shares, $0.01 par value per share ('Common Shares'), having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $250.0 million (the 'Shares'). We may sell the Shares in amounts and at times to be determined by us but we have no obligation to sell any of the Shares. Actual sales, if any, will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including, among other things, market conditions, the trading price of the Common Shares, capital needs and determinations by us of the appropriate sources of its funding. We currently intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of shares pursuant to the ATM Offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Company did not sell any Shares under the ATM Offering in the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately $60.1 million remaining available for sale under the ATM Offering program.

The following table sets forth information regarding settlements under our ATM offering program:

| 2022  2021  2020  Number of common shares settled during the period  -  10,009,263  -  Average price per share  $  -  $  18.97  $  -  Aggregate gross proceeds (in thousands)  $  -  $  189,868  $  -  Aggregate net proceeds after commissions and fees (in  thousands)  $  -  $  186,969  $  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Share Repurchase Program

In  May  2021,  the  Company's  Board  of  Directors  authorized  the  repurchase  of  up  to  $80.0  million  of  the Company's  outstanding  shares  through  May  31,  2023.  This  authorization  replaced  a  previous  repurchase authorization  for  approximately  $80.0  million  that  expired  in  May  2021.  In  June  2020,  we  amended  our  debt agreements primarily to improve future covenant flexibility and such amendments included a prohibition on share repurchases  for  twelve  months  starting  July  1,  2020  (the  'Repurchase  Covenant').  The  Company  temporarily suspended share repurchases for the twelve months starting July 1, 2020 and ending on June 30, 2021 in light of the Repurchase Covenant. On July 1, 2021, the Repurchase Covenant expired. Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market, privately-negotiated, structured or derivative transactions (including accelerated share repurchase transactions), or other methods of acquiring shares. The Company intends to structure open market purchases to occur within pricing and volume requirements of Rule 10b-18. The Company may, from time to  time,  enter  into  Rule  10b5-1  plans  to  facilitate  the  repurchase  of  its  shares  under  this  authorization.  The Company did not repurchase any shares for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The remaining amount authorized  to  be  repurchased  under  the  program  as  of  December  31,  2022  was  approximately  $80.0 million.

## 12. Partners' Equity of the Operating Partnership

All units of partnership interest issued by the Operating Partnership have equal rights with respect to earnings, dividends and net assets. When the Company issues common shares upon the exercise of options, the issuance of  restricted  share  awards  or  the  exchange  of  Class  A  common  limited  partnership  units,  the  Operating Partnership issues a corresponding Class B common limited partnership unit to Tanger LP Trust, a wholly-owned subsidiary  of  the  Company.  Likewise,  when  the  Company  repurchases  its  outstanding  common  shares,  the Operating Partnership repurchases corresponding Class B common limited partnership units held by Tanger LP Trust.

The following table sets forth  the  changes  in  outstanding  partnership  units  for  the  years  ended  December  31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Limited Partnership Units  General  partnership  units  Class A  Class B  Total  Balance December 31, 2019  1,000,000  4,911,173  91,892,260  96,803,433  Units withheld for employee income taxes  -  -  (56,597)  (56,597)  Exchange of Class A limited partnership  units  -  (116,530)  116,530  -  Grant of restricted common share awards  by the Company, net of forfeitures  -  -  611,350  611,350  Issuance of deferred units  -  -  6,258  6,258  Balance December 31, 2020  1,000,000  4,794,643  92,569,801  97,364,444  Units withheld for employee income taxes  -  -  (139,293)  (139,293)  Exchange of Class A limited partnership  units  -  (33,084)  33,084  -  Grant of restricted common share awards  by the Company, net of forfeitures  -  -  569,779  569,779  Issuance of units  100,000  -  9,909,263  9,909,263  Options exercised  -  -  42,100  42,100  Balance December 31, 2021  1,100,000  4,761,559  102,984,734  107,746,293  Units withheld for employee income taxes  -  -  (239,824)  (239,824)  Exchange of Class A limited partnership  units  -  (23,577)  23,577  -  Grant of restricted common share awards  by the Company, net of forfeitures  -  -  613,933  613,933  Issuance of units  -  -  -  -  Options exercised  -  -  15,500  15,500  Balance December 31, 2022  1,100,000  4,737,982  103,397,920  108,135,902   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13. Noncontrolling Interests

Noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership relate to the interests in the Operating Partnership owned by Non-Company LPs as discussed in Note 2. The noncontrolling interests in other consolidated partnerships consist of outside equity interests in partnerships not wholly-owned by the Company or the Operating Partnership that are consolidated  with  the  financial  results  of  the  Company  and  Operating  Partnership  because  the  Operating Partnership exercises control over the entities that own the properties.

In 2022 and 2021, adjustments to the noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership were made as a result of  the  changes  in  the  Company's  ownership  of  the  Operating  Partnership  from  additional  units  received  in connection  with  the  Company's  issuance  of  common  shares  under  the  ATM  offering  program  and  upon  the exercise of options and grants of share-based compensation awards, additional units received upon the exchange of Class A common limited partnership units of the Operating Partnership into an equal number of common shares of the Company, and units repurchased by the Operating Partnership as a result of the Company's repurchase of its  outstanding  common shares. As discussed in Note 12, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Non-Company LPs exchanged 23,577 and 33,084 Class A common limited partnership units of the Operating Partnership, respectively, for an equal number of common shares of the Company. The Company repurchased no common shares in 2020 and 2021.

The changes in the Company's ownership interests in the subsidiaries impacted consolidated equity during the periods shown as follows (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  Net income  attributable to Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.  $  82,063  $  9,118  Increase (decrease) in Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. paid-in-capital  adjustments to noncontrolling interests  (182)  (6,917)  Changes from net income attributable to Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. and  transfers from noncontrolling interest  $  81,881  $  2,201   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14. Earnings Per Share of the Company

The  following  table  sets  forth  a  reconciliation  of  the  numerators  and  denominators  in  computing  earnings  per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands, except per share amounts):

| 2022  2021  2020  Numerator  Net income (loss) attributable to Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.  $  82,063  $  9,118  $  (36,278)  Less allocation of earnings to participating securities  (869)  (804)  (692)  Net income (loss) available to common shareholders of Tanger  Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.  $  81,194  $  8,314  $  (36,970)  Denominator  Basic weighted average common shares  103,687  100,418  92,618  Effect of notional units  1,240  809  -  Effect of outstanding options  709  752  -  Diluted weighted average common shares  105,636  101,979  92,618  Basic earnings per common share:  Net income (loss)  $  0.78  $  0.08  $  (0.40)  Diluted earnings per common share:  Net income (loss)  $  0.77  $  0.08  $  (0.40)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We determine diluted earnings per share based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding combined  with  the  incremental  weighted  average  shares  that  would  have  been  outstanding  assuming  all potentially dilutive securities were converted into common shares at the earliest date possible.

Notional units granted under our equity compensation plan are considered contingently issuable common shares and are included in earnings per share if the effect is dilutive using the treasury stock method and the common shares would be issuable if the end of the reporting period were the end of the contingency period. For the years ended  December  31,  2021  and  2020,  approximately  506,000  and  1.7  million  units  were  excluded  from  the computation, respectively, because these units would not have been issuable if the end of the reporting period were the end of the contingency period or because they were anti-dilutive. There were no units excluded from the computation for the year ended December 31, 2022.

With respect to outstanding options, the effect of dilutive common shares is determined using the treasury stock method whereby outstanding options are assumed exercised at the beginning of the reporting  period  and  the exercise proceeds from such options and the average measured but unrecognized compensation cost during the period are assumed to be used to repurchase our common shares at the average market price during the period. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately 513,000, 332,000 and 1.8 million options were  excluded  from  the  computation,  respectively,  as  they  were  anti-dilutive.  The  assumed  exchange  of  the partnership  units  held  by  the  Non-Company  LPs  as  of  the  beginning  of  the  year,  which  would  result  in  the elimination of earnings allocated to the noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership, would have no impact on earnings per share since the allocation of earnings to a common limited partnership unit, as if exchanged, is equivalent to earnings allocated to a common share.

Certain of the Company's unvested restricted common share awards contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents. The impact of these unvested restricted common share awards on earnings per share has been calculated using the two-class method whereby earnings are allocated to the unvested restricted common share awards based on dividends declared and the unvested restricted common shares' participation rights in undistributed earnings. Unvested restricted common shares that do not contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents are included in the diluted earnings per share computation if the effect is dilutive, using the treasury stock method.

## 15. Earnings Per Unit of the Operating Partnership

The following table sets forth a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators in computing earnings per unit for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands, except per unit amounts):

| 2022  2021  2020  Numerator  Net income (loss) attributable to partners of the Operating  Partnership  $  85,831  $  9,558  $  (38,203)  Allocation of earnings to participating securities  (869)  (804)  (692)  Net income (loss) available to common unitholders of the  Operating Partnership  $  84,962  $  8,754  $  (38,895)  Denominator  Basic weighted average common units  108,446  105,208  97,521  Effect of notional units  1,240  809  -  Effect of outstanding options  709  752  -  Diluted weighted average common units  110,395  106,769  97,521  Basic earnings per common unit:  Net income (loss)  $  0.78  $  0.08  $  (0.40)  Diluted earnings per common unit:  Net income (loss)  $  0.77  $  0.08  $  (0.40)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We determine diluted earnings per unit based on the weighted average number of common units outstanding combined with the incremental weighted average units that would have been outstanding assuming all potentially dilutive securities were converted into common units at the earliest date possible.

Notional units granted under our equity compensation plan are considered contingently issuable common units and are included in earnings per unit if the effect is dilutive using the treasury stock method and the common units would be issuable if the end of the reporting period were the end of the contingency period. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, approximately 506,000 and 1.7 million units were excluded from the computation, respectively, because these units would not have been issuable if the end of the reporting period were the end of the contingency period or because they were anti-dilutive. There were no units excluded from the computation for the year ended December 31, 2022.

With respect to outstanding options, the effect of dilutive common units is determined using the treasury stock method, whereby outstanding options are assumed exercised at the beginning of the reporting period and the exercise proceeds from such options and the average measured but unrecognized compensation cost during the period are assumed to be used to repurchase our common units at the average market price during the period. The market price of a common unit is considered to be equivalent to the market price of a Company common share. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately 513,000, 332,000 and 1.8 million options were excluded from the computation, respectively.

Certain of the Company's unvested restricted common share awards contain non-forfeitable rights to distributions or distribution equivalents. The impact of the corresponding unvested restricted unit awards on earnings per unit has been calculated using the two-class method whereby earnings are allocated to the unvested restricted unit awards  based  on  distributions  declared  and  the  unvested  restricted  units'  participation  rights  in  undistributed earnings.  Unvested  restricted  common  units  that  do  not  contain  non-forfeitable  rights  to  dividends  or  dividend equivalents are included in the diluted earnings per unit computation if the effect is dilutive, using the treasury stock method.

## 16. Equity-Based Compensation

When a common share is issued by the Company, the Operating Partnership issues one corresponding unit of partnership  interest  to  the  Company's  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  the  Tanger  LP  Trust.  Therefore,  when  the Company grants an equity based award, the Operating Partnership treats each award as having been granted by the  Operating  Partnership.  In  the  discussion  below,  the  term  "we"  refers  to  the  Company  and  the  Operating Partnership  together  and  the  term  "shares"  is  meant  to  also  include  corresponding  units  of  the  Operating Partnership.

As of December 31, 2022, we may issue up to 18.7 million common shares under the Plan. Shares remaining available  for  future  issuance  totaled  approximately  1,514,000  common  shares.  The  amount  and  terms  of  the awards granted under the Plan were determined by the Board of Directors (or the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors).

We recorded equity-based compensation expense in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as follows (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  2020  Restricted common shares  $  7,654  $  7,980  $  7,614  Notional unit performance awards  4,987  4,406  4,574  Options  328  366  329  Total equity-based compensation  $  12,969  $  12,752  $  12,517   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Equity-based compensation expense capitalized as a part of rental property and deferred lease costs were as follows (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  2020  Equity-based compensation expense capitalized  $  191  $  94  $  409   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022, there was $17.8 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested common  equity-based  compensation  arrangements  granted  under  the  Plan.  That  cost  is  expected  to  be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.3 years.

## Restricted Common Share and Restricted Share Unit Awards

During  2022,  2021  and  2020,  the  Company  granted  approximately  513,000,  485,000  and  788,000  restricted common  shares  and  restricted  share  units,  respectively,  to  the  Company's  non-employee  directors  and  the Company's senior executive officers. The 2020 grants include approximately 389,000 restricted common shares that  were  issued  to  our  Chief  Executive  Officer,  Stephen  J.  Yalof,  as  an  inducement  to  his  entering  into employment with the Company and were granted outside of the Company's shareholder approved equity plan pursuant to New York Stock Exchange rules. The non-employee directors' restricted common shares generally vest ratably over a three year period and the senior executive officers' restricted common shares generally vest ratably over periods ranging from three to five years. Compensation expense related to the amortization of the deferred compensation is being recognized in accordance with the vesting schedule of the restricted common shares  and  restricted  share  units.  For  all  of  the  restricted  common  share  and  restricted  share  unit  awards described above, the grant date fair value of the awards were determined based upon the closing market price of the Company's common shares on the day prior to the grant date.

The following table summarizes information related to unvested restricted common shares and restricted share units outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Unvested Restricted Common Shares and Restricted Share Units  Number of  shares and  units  Weighted  average grant  date fair value  Outstanding at December 31, 2019  681,525  $  23.92  Granted  (1)  787,873  23.92  Vested  (330,014)  25.43  Forfeited  (18,996)  19.79  Outstanding at December 31, 2020  1,120,388  $  13.91  Granted  (2)  485,105  15.40  Vested  (575,688)  15.90  Forfeited  -  -  Outstanding at December 31, 2021  1,029,805  $  13.51  Granted  (3)  512,957  17.32  Vested  (545,788)  14.01  Forfeited  (26,591)  15.87  Outstanding at December 31, 2022  970,383  $  15.18   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Includes 121,527 restricted share units.

(2) Includes 68,494 restricted share units.

(3) Includes 36,102 restricted share units.

The table above excludes restricted common shares earned under the 2018 and 2019 Performance Share Plan. In connection with the 2018 Performance Share Plan, we issued approximately 76,000 restricted common shares in February 2021, with approximately 49,000 vesting during 2021 and the remaining 27,000 vesting in February 2022, In connection with the 2019 Performance Share Plan, we issued approximately 97,000 restricted common shares  in  February  2022,  with  approximately  59,000  vesting  during  2022  and  the  remaining  38,000  to  vest  in February 2023.  All performance share plan vesting is contingent upon continued employment with the Company through the vesting date (unless terminated prior thereto (a) by the Company without cause, (b) by participant for good reason or (c) due to death or disability).

The total  value  of  restricted  common  shares  vested  during  the  years  ended  2022,  2021  and  2020  was  $10.6 million, $9.4 million and $4.2 million, respectively. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we withheld shares with value equivalent to the employees' obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes, and remitted the cash  to  the  appropriate  taxing  authorities.  The  total  number  of  shares  withheld  were  approximately  240,000, 139,000  and  57,000  for  2022,  2021  and  2020,  respectively,  and  were  based  on  the  value  of  the  restricted common shares on the vesting date as determined by our closing share price on the day prior to the vesting date. Total amounts paid for the employees' tax obligation to taxing authorities were $3.7 million, $2.1 million and $0.7 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are reflected as a financing activity within the consolidated statements of cash flows.

## Notional Unit Performance Awards

## Performance Share Plan

Each  year,  the  Compensation  Committee  of  Tanger  Factory  Outlet  Centers,  Inc.  approves  the  terms  and  the number of  awards  to  be  granted  under  the  Tanger  Factory  Outlet  Centers,  Inc.  Performance  Share  Plan  (the 'PSP"),  formerly  titled  the  "Outperformance  Plan".  The  PSP  is  a  long-term  incentive  compensation  plan. Recipients  may  earn  units  which  may  convert,  subject  to  the  achievement  of  the  goals  described  below,  into restricted  common  shares  of  the  Company  based  on  the  Company's  absolute  share  price  appreciation  (or absolute  total  shareholder  return)  and  its  share  price  appreciation  relative  to  its  peer  group  (or  relative  total shareholder return) over a three-year measurement period. For all recipients, any shares earned at the end of the three-year  measurement period are subject to a time-based vesting schedule, with 50% of the shares vesting immediately following the measurement period, and the remaining 50% vesting one year thereafter, contingent upon continued employment with the Company through the vesting date (unless terminated prior thereto (a) by the Company without cause, (b) by participant for good reason or (c) due to death or disability).

The following table sets forth PSP performance targets and other relevant information about each plan:

| 2022  PSP (1)  2021  PSP (1)  2020  PSP (1)  2019  PSP (1)  Performance targets  Absolute portion of award:  Percent of total award  33%  33%  33%  33%  Absolute total shareholder return range  26 % -  41%  26 % - 41%  37 % - 52%  19 % - 30%  Percentage of units to be earned  20%  -  100%  20 % - 100%  20 % - 100%  20 % - 100%  Relative portion of award:  Percent of total award  67%  67%  67%  67%  Percentile rank of peer group range  30 th  -  80th  30 th - 80th  30 th -  80th  30 th -  80th  Percentage of units to be earned  20 % -  100%  20 % - 100%  20 % - 100%  20 % - 100%  Maximum number of restricted common shares that  may be earned  555,349  688,824  902,167  531,827  February grant date fair value per share  $  11.68  $  9.65  $  7.30  $  12.09  April 2020 grant date fair value per share  (2)  N/A  N/A  $  3.11  N/A  August 2021 grant date fair value per share  (3)  N/A  $  12.44  N/A  N/A   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The number of restricted common shares received under the 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019 PSP will be determined on a pro-rata  basis  by  linear  interpolation  between  total  shareholder  return  thresholds,  both  for  absolute  total  shareholder return  and  for  relative  total  shareholder  return  amongst  the  Company's  peer  group.  The  peer  group  is  based  on companies included in the FTSE Nareit Retail Index.

(2) In April 2020, Mr. Yalof was awarded 205,480 notional units under the 2020 PSP. These awards have the same terms as the awards our executive officers received in February 2020.

(3) In August of 2021, additional awards under the 2021 PSP were granted to recently hired senior executive officers whereby a maximum of approximately 26,000 restricted common shares may be earned.

The fair values of the PSP awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were determined at the grant dates using a Monte Carlo simulation pricing model and the following assumptions:

| PSP  PSP  PSP  2022  2021  2020  Risk free interest rate  (1)  1.70 %  0.20 %  1.40 %  Expected dividend yield  (2)  5.7 %  6.5 %  8.4 %  Expected volatility  (3)  65 %  61 %  29 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Represents the interest rate as of the grant date on U.S. treasury bonds having the same life as the estimated life of the restricted unit grants.

(2) The dividend yield is calculated utilizing the dividends paid for the previous five-year period.

(3) Based on a mix of historical  and  implied  volatility  for  our  common  shares  and  the  common  shares  of  our  peer  index companies over the measurement period.

The following table sets forth PSP activity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Unvested PSP Awards  Number of  units  Weighted  average grant  date fair value  Outstanding as of December 31, 2019  1,123,904  $  13.36  Awarded  902,167  6.35  Earned  -  -  Forfeited  (316,297)  16.01  Outstanding as of December 31, 2020  1,709,774  $  9.17  Awarded  688,824  9.76  Earned  (1)  (76,478)  12.42  Forfeited  (475,854)  11.03  Outstanding as of December 31, 2021  1,826,266  $  8.82  Awarded  556,794  11.68  Earned  (1)  (96,592)  12.42  Forfeited  (475,061)  11.44  Outstanding as of December 31, 2022  1,811,407  $  8.84   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Represents the units under the 2018 and 2019 PSP that are no longer outstanding and have been settled in restricted common shares.

## Option Awards

Options  outstanding  at  December  31,  2022  had  the  following  weighted  average  exercise  prices  and  weighted average remaining contractual lives:

| Options Outstanding  Options Exercisable  Exercise prices  Options  Weighted  average  exercise price  Weighted  remaining  contractual life  in years  Options  Weighted  average  exercise price  $  5.73  203,500  $  5.73  7.69  65,800  $  5.73  $  7.15  1,000,000  $  7.15  7.37  750,000  $  7.15  $  19.37  250,000  $  19.37  9.91  -  $  -  $  21.94  177,500  $  21.94  5.13  141,700  $  21.94  $  32.02  85,800  $  32.02  1.00  85,800  $  32.02  1,716,800  $  11.53  6.79  1,043,300  $  11.11   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A summary of option activity under the Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (aggregate intrinsic value amount in thousands):

| Options  Shares  Weighted-  average  exercise price  Weighted-  average  remaining  contractual life  in years  Aggregate  intrinsic value  Outstanding as of December 31, 2019  523,300  $  25.57  Granted  1,334,500  6.79  Exercised  -  -  Forfeited  (52,100)  25.80  Outstanding as of December 31, 2020  1,805,700  $  11.69  8.30  $  -  Granted  -  -  Exercised  (42,100)  6.31  Forfeited  (168,000)  22.84  Outstanding as of December 31, 2021  1,595,600  $  10.68  7.64  $  -  Granted  250,000  19.37  Exercised  (15,500)  5.73  Forfeited  (113,300)  17.66  Outstanding as of December 31, 2022  1,716,800  $  11.53  6.79  $  13,275  Vested and Expected to Vest as of  December 31, 2022  1,700,270  $  11.59  6.78  $  13,077  Exercisable as of December 31, 2022  1,043,300  $  11.11  6.56  $  8,896   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  November  2022,  Michael  Bilerman  became  the  Executive  Vice  President,  Chief  Financial  Officer  and  Chief Investment Officer  of  the  Company.  Mr.  Bilerman  was  granted  250,000  options  that  have  an  exercise  price  of $19.37 per share, which equaled the closing market price of a common share of the Company on the day prior to the grant date.  The options expire 10 years from the date of grant and 50% of the options become exercisable on November 29, 2024, 25% of the award on November 29, 2025 and 25% of the award on November 29, 2026, in each case, contingent upon continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date (subject to acceleration upon certain terminations of employment). The fair value of each option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which resulted in a weighted average grant date fair value per share of $6.13 and included the following weighted-average assumptions: expected dividend yield 5.10%; expected life of 6.8 years; expected volatility of 48%; a risk-free rate of 3.96%; and forfeiture rate of 0.0%.

In  September 2020, the Company granted 334,500 options to non-executive employees of the Company. The exercise  price  of  the  options  granted  was  $5.73  per  share  which  equaled  the  closing  market  price  of  the Company's common shares on the day prior to the grant date. The options expire 10 years from the date of grant and 20% of the options become exercisable in each of the first 5 years commencing one year from the date of grant. The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which resulted in a weighted average grant date fair value per share of $1.03 and included the following weighted-average assumptions: expected dividend yield 4.93%; expected life of 6.5 years; expected volatility of 34.39%; a risk-free rate of 0.48%; and forfeiture rate of 7.2% dependent upon the employee's position within the Company.

In April 2020, Stephen Yalof became the President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. Mr. Yalof was granted 1.0 million options that have an exercise price of $7.15 per share, which equaled the closing market price of  a  common share of the Company on the day prior to the grant date. As an inducement to his entering into employment with the Company, the options were granted outside of the Company's shareholder approved equity plan pursuant to New York Stock Exchange rules. The options expire 10 years from the date of grant and 25% of the  options  became  exercisable  on  December  31,  2020  with  the  remaining  options  vesting  ratably  on  each December 31st through 2023, in each case, contingent upon continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date (subject to acceleration upon certain terminations of employment). The fair value of each  option  grant  was  estimated  on  the  date  of  grant  using  the  Black-Scholes  option  pricing  model,  which resulted  in  a  weighted  average  grant  date  fair  value  per  share  of  $0.42  and  included  the  following  weightedaverage assumptions: expected dividend yield 9.86%; expected life of 7.9 years; expected volatility of 30%; a riskfree rate of 0.60%; and forfeiture rate of 0.0%.

## 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan

We  have  a  401(k)  Retirement  Savings  Plan  covering  substantially  all  employees  who  meet  certain  age  and employment criteria. An employee may invest pretax earnings in the 401(k) plan up to the maximum legal limits (as defined by Federal regulations). This plan allows participants to defer a portion of their compensation and to receive matching contributions for a portion of the deferred amounts. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021  and  2020,  we  contributed  approximately  $968,000,  $867,000  and  $878,000,  respectively,  to  the  401(k) Retirement Savings Plan.

## 17. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss of the Company

The following table presents changes in the balances of each component of accumulated comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| Tanger Factory Outlet Centers,  Inc. Accumulated Other  Comprehensive Income (Loss)  Noncontrolling Interest in Operating  Partnership Accumulated Other  Comprehensive (Income) Loss  Foreign  currency  Cash  flow  hedges  Total  Foreign  currency  Cash  flow  hedges  Total  Balance December 31, 2019  $ (25,094)  $  (401)  $ (25,495)  $  (1,369)  $  (24)  $  (1,393)  Other comprehensive income (loss)  before reclassifications  1,695  (6,749)  (5,054)  88  (359)  (271)  Reclassification out of accumulated  other comprehensive income (loss)  into other income (expense) for  foreign currency and interest  expense for cash flow hedges  -  3,964  3,964  -  210  210  Balance December 31, 2020  (23,399)  (3,186)  (26,585)  (1,281)  (173)  (1,454)  Other comprehensive income (loss)  before reclassifications  223  3,776  3,999  30  179  209  Reclassification out of accumulated  other comprehensive income (loss)  into interest expense  3,463  1,362  4,825  167  66  233  Balance December 31, 2021  (19,713)  1,952  (17,761)  (1,084)  72  (1,012)  Other comprehensive income (loss)  before reclassifications  (4,803)  14,997  10,194  (267)  725  458  Reclassification out of accumulated  other comprehensive income (loss)  into other income (expense) for  foreign currency and interest  expense for cash flow hedges  -  (3,470)  (3,470)  -  (159)  (159)  Balance December 31, 2022  $ (24,516)  $  13,479  $ (11,037)  $  (1,351)  $  638  $  (713)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We  expect  within  the  next  twelve  months  to  reclassify  into  earnings  as  a  decrease  to  interest  expense approximately  $12.2  million  of  the  amounts  recorded  within  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  (loss) related to the interest rate swap agreements in effect and as of December 31, 2022.

## 18. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss of the Operating Partnership

The following table presents changes in the balances of each component of accumulated comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| Foreign  currency  Cash flow  hedges  Accumulated  other  comprehensive  income (loss)  Balance December 31, 2019  $  (26,463)  $  (425)  $  (26,888)  Other comprehensive income (loss) before  reclassifications  1,783  (7,108)  (5,325)  Reclassification out of accumulated other comprehensive  income (loss) into other income (expense) for foreign  currency and interest expense for cash flow hedges  -  4,174  4,174  Balance December 31, 2020  (24,680)  (3,359)  (28,039)  Other comprehensive income (loss) before  reclassifications  253  3,955  4,208  Reclassification out of accumulated other comprehensive  income (loss) into interest expense  3,630  1,428  5,058  Balance December 31, 2021  (20,797)  2,024  (18,773)  Other comprehensive income (loss) before  reclassifications  (5,070)  15,722  10,652  Reclassification out of accumulated other comprehensive  income (loss) into other income (expense) for foreign  currency and interest expense for cash flow hedges  -  (3,629)  (3,629)  Balance December 31, 2022  $  (25,867)  $  14,117  $  (11,750)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We  expect  within  the  next  twelve  months  to  reclassify  into  earnings  as  a  decrease  to  interest  expense approximately  $12.2  million  of  the  amounts  recorded  within  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  (loss) related to the interest rate swap agreements in effect and as of December 31, 2022.

## 19. Supplementary Income Statement Information

The following  amounts  are  included  in  property  operating  expenses  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  2020  Advertising and promotion  $  19,848  $  20,632  $  20,435  Common area maintenance  61,106  62,175  56,226  Real estate taxes  31,713  29,592  32,762  Other operating expenses  31,269  28,337  27,712  $  143,936  $  140,736  $  137,135   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20. Lease Agreements

## Lessor

As a lessor, substantially all of our revenues are earned from arrangements that are within the scope of ASC 842. We account for lease and non-lease components as a single component which resulted in all of our revenues associated with leases being recorded as rental revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 we recorded a straight-line rent adjustment of $1.7 million, $1.9 million  and  $4.4  million,  respectively,  as  an  increase  to  rental  revenues  in  our  consolidated  statements  of operations to record revenues from executory costs on a straight-line basis. In addition, direct internal leasing costs  are  capitalized;  however,  indirect  internal  leasing  costs  are  expensed.  We  only  capitalize  the  portion  of these types of costs incurred that are a direct result of an executed lease.

As of December 31, 2022, we were the lessor to over 2,200 stores in our 29 consolidated outlet centers, under operating leases with initial terms that expire from 2023 to 2039, with certain agreements containing extension options. We also have certain agreements which require tenants to pay their portion of reimbursable expenses such as common area expenses, utilities, insurance and real estate taxes.

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the components of rental revenues are as follows (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  2020  Rental revenues - fixed  $  319,219  $  298,095  $  289,676  Rental revenues - variable  (1)  102,200  109,671  88,256  Rental revenues  $  421,419  $  407,766  $  377,932   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Primarily includes rents based on a percentage of tenant sales volume and reimbursable expenses such as common area expenses, utilities, insurance and real estate taxes.

Future minimum lease receipts under non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31, 2022, excluding the effect of straight-line rent and variable rentals, are as follows (in thousands) :

| 2023  $  238,442  2024  196,263  2025  152,185  2026  117,491  2027  87,086  Thereafter  199,689  $  991,156   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Lessee

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 we have operating lease right-of-use assets $78.6 million and $79.8 million and operating lease liabilities of $87.5 million, and $88.9 million respectively. In 2020, we recorded impairment charges of $64.8 million in our consolidated statement of operations which equaled the excess of the carrying value of our Foxwoods outlet center over its estimated fair value of which $4.0 million of the impairment charge was  allocated  to  the  right-of-use  asset.  In  2021,  we  recorded  an  impairment  charge  of  $7.0  million  in  our consolidated  statement  of  operations  which  equaled  the  excess  of  the  carrying  value  of  our  Foxwoods  outlet center over its estimated fair value of which $563,000 of the impairment charge was allocated to the right-of-use asset.

Our non-cancelable operating leases, with terms in excess of one year, have terms, including certain extension options, that expire from 2028 to 2101. Certain extension options, which are reasonably certain at inception, are used in the calculation of our operating lease right-of-use assets based on the economic life of the asset. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less (short-term leases) are not recorded on the balance sheet; we recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The majority of our operating lease expense is related to ground leases at the following outlet centers: Myrtle Beach Hwy 17, Atlantic City, Sevierville, Riverhead, Foxwoods and Rehoboth Beach and the lease of our corporate office in Greensboro, North Carolina.

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the components of lease costs are as follows (in thousands):

| 2022  2021  2020  Operating lease costs  $  5,495  $  5,511  $  5,531  Short-term lease costs  1,330  1,465  2,511  Variable lease costs  (1)  948  276  295  Total lease costs  $  7,773  $  7,252  $  8,337   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Our  variable  lease  costs  relate  to  our  ground  leases  where  increases  in  payments  are  based  on  center  financial performance.

The discount rate applied to measure each operating lease right-of-use asset and operating lease liability is based on our incremental borrowing rate ('IBR'). We consider the general economic environment and our credit rating and  factor  in  various  financing  and  asset  specific  adjustments  to  ensure  the  IBR  is  appropriate  based  on  the intended use of the underlying lease. The lease term and discount rates are as follows:

| 2022  Weighted - average remaining lease term (years)  48.29  Weighted - average discount rate  5.0 %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash flow information related to leases for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  December 31,  2020  Operating cash outflows related to operating leases  $  5,669  $  5,613  $  5,568   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Maturities of lease liabilities  as  of  December  31,  2022  for  the  next  five  years  and  thereafter  are  as  follows  (in thousands):

| 2023  $  5,709  2024  5,765  2025  5,816  2026  5,854  2027  5,893  Thereafter  209,270  Total lease payments  $  238,307  Less imputed interest  150,779  Present value of lease liabilities  $  87,528   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21. Commitments and Contingencies

## Litigation

We are  subject  to  legal  proceedings  and  claims,  which  arise  from  time  to  time  in  the  ordinary  course  of  our business and have not been finally adjudicated.  In  our  opinion,  the  ultimate  resolution  of  these  matters  is  not expected  to  have  a  material  effect  on  our  consolidated  financial  statements.  We  record  a  liability  in  our consolidated financial statements for these matters when a loss is known or considered probable and the amount can  be  reasonably  estimated.  We  review  these  estimates  each  accounting  period  as  additional  information  is known and adjust the loss provision when appropriate. If a matter is both probable to result in a liability and the amounts of loss can be reasonably estimated, we estimate and disclose the possible loss or range of loss to the extent  necessary  to  make  the  consolidated  financial  statements  not  misleading.  If  the  loss  is  not  probable  or cannot be reasonably estimated, a liability is not recorded in our consolidated financial statements.

## Lease Agreements

In addition, certain of our lease agreements include co-tenancy and/or sales-based provisions that may allow a tenant to  pay  reduced  rent  and/or  terminate  a  lease  prior  to  its  natural  expiration  if  we  fail  to  maintain  certain occupancy  levels  or  retain  specified  named  tenants,  or  if  the  tenant  does  not  achieve  certain  specified  sales targets. Our occupancy at our consolidated centers has increased from 95% at the end of 2021 to 97% at the end of 2022. If our occupancy declines, certain outlet centers may fall below the minimum co-tenancy thresholds and could  trigger  many  tenants  ability  to  pay  reduced  rents,  which  in  turn  may  negatively  impact  our  results  of operations.

## Employment Agreements

We are party to employment agreements with certain executives that provide for compensation and certain other benefits. The agreements also provide for severance payments under certain circumstances. We are also party to an  executive  severance  plan  with  certain  other  executives  that  provide  for  severance  payments  under  certain circumstances.

## Debt

We  provide  guarantees  to  lenders  for  our  joint  ventures  which  include  standard  non-recourse  carve  out indemnifications for losses arising from items such as but not limited to fraud, physical waste, payment of taxes, environmental  indemnities,  misapplication  of  insurance  proceeds  or  security  deposits  and  failure  to  maintain required insurance. For construction and mortgage loans, we may include a guaranty of completion as well as a principal  guaranty  ranging  from  0%  to  15.5%  of  principal.  The  principal  guarantees  include  terms  for  release based upon satisfactory completion of construction and performance targets including occupancy thresholds and minimum debt service coverage tests. Our joint ventures may contain make whole provisions in the event that demands are made on any existing guarantees. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum amount of joint venture debt guaranteed by the Company is $10.0 million.

## 22. Subsequent Events

## Dividends

In January 2023, the Company's Board of Directors declared a $0.22 quarterly cash dividend per common share payable on February 15, 2023 to each shareholder of record on January 31, 2023, and a $0.22 cash distribution per Operating Partnership unit to the Operating Partnership's unitholders.

## TANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES TANGER PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands)

| Description  Initial cost to Company  Costs Capitalized  Subsequent to  Acquisition  (Improvements)  (1)  Gross Amount Carried at Close of  Period  December 31, 2022  (2)  Outlet Center  Name  Location  Encumbrances  (3)  Land  Buildings,  Improvements  &amp; Fixtures  Land  Buildings,  Improvements  &amp; Fixtures  Land  Buildings,  Improvements  &amp; Fixtures  Total  Accumulated  Depreciation  (1)(4)  Date of  Construction  or  Acquisition  Atlantic City  Atlantic City, NJ  $  17,625  $  -  $  125,988  $  -  $  14,990  $  -  $  140,978  $  140,978  $  51,140  2011  (5)  Branson  Branson, MO  -  4,407  25,040  396  27,608  4,803  52,648  57,451  37,653  1994  Charleston  Charleston, SC  -  10,353  48,877  -  19,826  10,353  68,703  79,056  39,592  2006  Commerce  Commerce, GA  -  1,262  14,046  707  38,974  1,969  53,020  54,989  39,383  1995  Daytona Beach  Daytona Beach,  FL  -  9,913  80,410  -  7,772  9,913  88,182  98,095  28,215  2016  Deer Park  Deer Park, NY  -  82,413  173,044  -  20,239  82,413  193,283  275,696  68,962  2013  (5)  Foley  Foley, AL  -  4,400  82,410  693  39,678  5,093  122,088  127,181  70,290  2003  (5)  Fort Worth  Fort Worth, TX  -  11,157  87,025  -  4,350  11,157  91,375  102,532  24,269  2017  Foxwoods  (6)  Mashantucket,  CT  -  -  130,941  -  (96,628)  -  34,313  34,313  1,930  2015  Gonzales  Gonzales, LA  -  679  15,895  -  34,880  679  50,775  51,454  39,141  1992  Grand Rapids  Grand Rapids, MI  -  8,180  75,420  -  4,112  8,180  79,532  87,712  29,588  2015  Hershey  Hershey, PA  -  3,673  48,186  -  10,510  3,673  58,696  62,369  23,051  2011 (5)  Hilton Head I  Bluffton, SC  -  4,753  -  -  34,039  4,753  34,039  38,792  19,479  2011  Hilton Head II  Bluffton, SC  -  5,128  20,668  -  18,046  5,128  38,714  43,842  22,733  2003  (5)  Howell  Howell, MI  -  2,250  35,250  -  17,267  2,250  52,517  54,767  32,174  2002  (5)  Lancaster  Lancaster, PA  -  3,691  19,907  6,656  65,692  10,347  85,599  95,946  40,907  1994  (5)  Locust Grove  Locust Grove,  GA  -  2,558  11,801  57  34,514  2,615  46,315  48,930  32,218  1994  Mebane  Mebane, NC  -  8,821  53,362  -  8,321  8,821  61,683  70,504  35,404  2010  Myrtle Beach  Hwy 17  Myrtle Beach, SC  -  -  80,733  -  31,630  -  112,363  112,363  49,475  2009  (5)  Myrtle Beach  Hwy 501  Myrtle Beach, SC  -  8,781  56,798  -  43,749  8,781  100,547  109,328  57,736  2003  (5)  Nashville  Nashville, TN  -  8,772  26,826  -  -  8,772  26,826  35,598  -  2023  (7)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES TANGER PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands)

| Description  Initial cost to Company  Costs Capitalized  Subsequent to  Acquisition  (Improvements)  (1)  Gross Amount Carried at Close of  Period  December 31, 2022 (2)  Outlet Center  Name  Location  Encumbrances  (3)  Land  Buildings,  Improvements  &amp; Fixtures  Land  Buildings,  Improvements  &amp; Fixtures  Land  Buildings,  Improvements  &amp; Fixtures  Total  Accumulated  Depreciation  (1)(4)  Date of  Construction  or  Acquisition  Pittsburgh  Pittsburgh, PA  -  5,528  91,288  3  17,308  5,531  108,596  114,127  72,789  2008  Rehoboth  Beach  Rehoboth Beach,  DE  -  20,600  74,209  1,876  64,200  22,476  138,409  160,885  69,300  2003  (5)  Riverhead  Riverhead, NY  -  -  36,374  6,152  140,377  6,152  176,751  182,903  119,406  1993  San Marcos  San Marcos, TX  -  1,801  9,440  2,301  62,783  4,102  72,223  76,325  50,313  1993  Savannah  Pooler, GA  -  8,432  167,780  -  7,019  8,432  174,799  183,231  40,923  2016  (5)  Sevierville  Sevierville, TN  -  -  18,495  -  55,042  -  73,537  73,537  48,323  1997  (5)  Southaven  Southaven, MS  51,347  14,959  50,511  -  (2,792)  14,959  47,719  62,678  24,389  2015  Tilton  Tilton, NH  -  1,800  24,838  29  16,739  1,829  41,577  43,406  23,197  2003  (5)  Westgate  Glendale, AZ  -  19,037  140,337  2,555  13,113  21,592  153,450  175,042  31,969  2016  (5)  Other  Various  -  306  1,495  -  40  306  1,535  1,841  1,013  Various  $  68,972  $  253,654  $  1,827,394  $  21,425  $  753,398  $ 275,079  $  2,580,792  $ 2,855,871  $  1,224,962   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Includes impairment charges that reduce the asset value.

(2) Aggregate cost for federal income tax purposes is approximately $2.9 billion.

(3) Including premiums and net of debt origination costs.

(4) We generally use estimated lives of 33 years for buildings and 15 years for land improvements. Tenant finishing allowances are depreciated over the initial lease term. Building, improvements &amp; fixtures includes amounts included in construction in progress on the consolidated balance sheet.

(5) Represents year acquired.

(6) Amounts net of $6.4 million impairment charges taken during 2021 consisting of a write-off of approximately $8.6 million of building and improvement cost and $2.2 million of accumulated depreciation. Amounts net of $60.1 million impairment charges taken during 2020 consisting of a write-off of approximately $89.8 million of building and improvement cost and $29.7 million of accumulated depreciation.

(7) Construction at Nashville began in 2022, with an expected completion in 2023.

## TANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES

## TANGER PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP and SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE III - (Continued) REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands)

The changes in total real estate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  Balance, beginning of year  $  2,800,758  $  2,793,372  $  2,896,894  Improvements  92,828  37,218  29,516  Impairment charges  -  (8,574)  (91,603)  Dispositions and other  (37,715)  (21,258)  (41,435)  Balance, end of year  $  2,855,871  $  2,800,758  $  2,793,372   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The changes in accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  Balance, beginning of year  $  1,145,388  $  1,054,993  $  1,009,951  Depreciation for the period  97,916  96,990  101,665  Impairment charges  -  (2,160)  (30,208)  Dispositions and other  (18,342)  (4,435)  (26,415)  Balance, end of year  $  1,224,962  $  1,145,388  $  1,054,993   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Steven B. Tanger

Executive Chair of the Board Director since May 1993. Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.

## Stephen Yalof

Director since July 2020. President and Chief Executive Officer, Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.

## Jeffrey B. Citrin

Director since July 2014.

Managing Principal, Hectad Strategic Partners

## David B. Henry

Lead Director

Director since January 2016. Retired Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors

and Chief Executive Officer, Kimco Realty Corporation

## Sandeep L. Mathrani

Director since June 2021. Chief Executive Officer, WeWork Inc.

## Thomas J. Reddin

Director since January 2010. Managing Partner and Owner, Red Dog Ventures, LLC

## Bridget M. Ryan-Berman

Director since January 2009. Managing Partner, Ryan-Berman Advisory, LLC

## Susan E. Skerritt

Director since July 2018. Chief Executive Officer, West Walk Advisors, LLC

## Luis A. Ubiñas

Director since July 2019.

Former President, Ford Foundation

## E X E C U T I V E   T E A M

## Steven B. Tanger

Executive Chair of the Board

## Stephen Yalof

President and Chief Executive Officer

## Michael Bilerman

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer

## Justin Stein

Executive Vice President, Leasing

## Leslie Swanson

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer

## Andrew Wingrove

Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer

## S E N I O R   T E A M

## Brian Auger

Senior Vice President, Legal

## Regina Campbell

Senior Vice President, Integrated Marketing

## Joshua Cox

Senior Vice President, Tax

## Deanna Dancy

Senior Vice President, Asset Management

## Directors And Executive Leadership

## Steve Dworkin

Senior Vice President, Real Estate

## Talia Fine

Senior Vice President, Information Technology

## Thomas Guerrieri Jr.

Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer

## Bibbit Mason

Senior Vice President, Leasing

## Doug McDonald

Senior Vice President, Finance and Capital Markets

## Dan Seabaugh

Senior Vice President, Leasing

## Craig Wise

Senior Vice President, Digital Strategy

<!-- image -->

Member New York Stock Exchange

<!-- image -->

## E X E C U T I V E   O F F I C E S

3200 Northline Avenue, Suite 360 Greensboro, NC 27408 Phone: (336) 292-3010 FAX: (336) 297-0931 Internet: www.TangerOutlets.com E-mail: TangerMail@TangerOutlets.com

## S H A R E   I N F O R M A T I O N

New York Stock Exchange: Common Shares - SKT

## S H A R E H O L D E R   A C C O U N T S

Questions regarding shareholder accounts should be directed to the company's registrar and transfer agent: Computershare Trust Company, NA P.O. Box 43006 Providence, RI 02940-3006 (877) 373-6374 Internet: www.computershare.com

## DIVIDENDS

Dividends are paid on or around the 15th day of February, May, August and November.

## DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT &amp; S H A R E   P U R C H A S E   P L A N

The company's Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan provides shareholders an opportunity to automatically reinvest quarterly dividends into additional SKT common shares, as well as the opportunity to purchase additional SKT common shares. For information describing the Plan, please contact Investor Relations at (336) 292-3010.

## F I N A N C I A L   I N F O R M A T I O N

The company's Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, along with our written charter for the individual committees of our Board of Directors, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics are available on our website. For copies of these and other materials, contact Investor Relations at (336) 292-3010.

## Investor Information

## CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION

In accordance with NYSE listing standards, our CEO certification required by Section 303A.12(a) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual has been filed with the NYSE. In addition, our CEO and CFO certifications required under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION

Tanger Outlets is deeply committed to representing and reflecting the unique experiences, perspectives and viewpoints of our people, partners, and the communities we serve. Tanger strives to champion diversity, equity and inclusion for all. This empowers us to reach our full potential, fueling innovation and connection with our employees and the customers and communities we serve.

## I N V E S T O R   I N Q U I R I E S

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. Investor Relations Department 3200 Northline Avenue, Suite 360 Greensboro, NC 27408 Phone: (336) 292-3010 Fax: (336) 297-0931 E-mail: TangerIR@TangerOutlets.com

## ANNUAL MEETING NOTICE

Shareholders are cordially invited to virtually attend our annual meeting on Friday, May 19, 2023 at 10 a.m. Eastern Time. Information on how to attend virtually is included in our Notice and Access materials.

## I N D E P E N D E N T   R E G I S T E R E D PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP, Charlotte, NC

MYRTLE BEACH 17, SC

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. |   3200 Northline Avenue, Suite 360  |  Greensboro, NC 27408 Phone: (336) 292-3010 or 1-800-4-TANGER  |  Fax: (336) 297-0931  |  TangerOutlets.com