4

<!-- image -->

TECHNIP ENERGIES

TEC\_19\_13681\_LOGO\_HORIZONTAL\_NEGATIF\_CMJN

JFB

Date : 28/11/2019

Ce fichier est un document d'exécution créé sur Illustrator

version CC.

30-34 Rue du Chemin Vert 75011 Paris

+33 (0)1 85 56 97 00   www.carrenoir.com

## We are a leading engineering and technology company for the energy transition

2022 Annual Report

5

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN

MESSAGE FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE

OFFICER

l

01

PRESENTATION OF TECHNIP ENERGIES

Breaking boundaries together to engineer a sustainable future

1.1.

Technip Energies at a glance

1.2.

1.3.

1.4.

1.5.

1.6.

1.7.

Our DNA

Financial highlights

Shareholder structure

Our Markets - from traditional to emerging

Key events

Forward-looking statements

l

02

VALUE CREATION, BUSINESSES

AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

2.1.

Long-term value creation

2.2.

2.3.

Our offering: Technology, Products &amp;

Services and Project Delivery

Operating and financial review

l

03

SUSTAINABILITY

3.1.

Technip Energies ESG Roadmap

3.2.

3.3.

3.4.

3.5.

3.6.

ESG Governance and Stakeholder

Engagement

Technip Energies ESG Performance

Materiality and UN SDGs

ESG Risks and Opportunities

Impact Book

l

04

RISK AND RISK MANAGEMENT

4.1.

Risk Management overview

4.2.

4.3.

Enterprise Risk Management framework

Risks to which we are subject

2

4

6

8

10

12

16

19

20

34

39

40

42

48

61

78

81

91

98

121

125

131

162

164

165

167

l

05

| CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  184  5.1.  The Technip Energies Board  186  5.2.  Share Capital  206  5.3.  Agreements affecting control  of Technip Energies  209  5.4.  Corporate Governance statement  211  5.5.  Board members independence  requirements  213  5.6.  Shareholders General Meetings  213  5.7.  Compliance Investigations and Legal  Proceedings  215  l  06  REMUNERATION REPORT  216  6.1.  Remuneration at a glance  222  6.2.  Main elements of the current  remuneration policy  226  6.3.  The Compensation Peer Group  228  6.4.  Limitation on liability and  indemnification matters  228  6.5.  Other arrangements  228  6.6.  Application of the remuneration policy  in 2022  229  6.7.  Changes to Remuneration under  the 2023 Policy  237  l  07  BOARD MEMBERS RESPONSIBILITY  STATEMENT  242  7.1.  Management report  244  7.2.  CEO statement  244  7.3.  Financial statements  245  l  08  ANNUAL ACCOUNTS  246  8.1.  Consolidated financial statements for  the year ended December 31, 2022  248  8.2.  Technip Energies Company financial  statements  315  8.3.  Independent Auditor's report  333  GLOSSARY  342   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Technip Energies is a world-leading engineering and technology player for the energy transition. We bring our clients' game-changing projects to life and are committed to enhancing their performance. We combine our engineering and technology capabilities with our ability to develop new solutions that will support the world's energy transition.

Technip Energies is the culmination of a proud heritage, an iconic journey of delivering many world firsts, and a pioneering spirit to engineer the future of the energy world. Since the company was formed in 1958, our passion for engineering, technologies, and project management runs through our DNA. Our commitment to the highest standards of safety, integrity and quality while addressing growing energy demand to our clients' satisfaction defines our unparalleled track record.

Today, the energy industry and the planet are facing critical challenges such as climate change, inequality, and dwindling natural resources. These call for the most innovative energy solutions and must be addressed together by a singular, inclusive and all-encompassing community with a shared sense of responsibility to build a better tomorrow.

At Technip Energies, our 15,000 talented people believe in leading the collaborative effort that our industry and the world need for lasting, impactful and sustainable changes. We develop new solutions that support and accelerate the world's energy transition. We believe in breaking the boundaries of possibilities by incubating, developing and scaling up new technologies, collaborating with partners, implementing new ways of working, defining breakthrough projects, embedding circularity, accelerating our digital transformation and integrating best-in-class Environment, Social, and Governance (ESG) practices into our business.

## We are Technip Energies.

## Where energies make tomorrow.

References to the 'Technip Energies Group', 'Technip Energies', 'the Group' or 'the Company' refers to Technip Energies N.V. and all the companies included in the scope of consolidation except where the context provides otherwise. 'Technip Energies N.V.' refers only to the parent company of the Group. Likewise, the words 'we', 'us' and 'our' may also be used to refer to these entities or their employees. The entities in which Technip Energies N.V. directly or indirectly owns a shareholding are separate and independent legal entities.

Technip Energies · 2126 boulevard de La Défense · Immeuble ORIGINE-CS 10266 · 92741 Nanterre cedex · France

<!-- image -->

Technip Energies is listed on Euronext Paris, headquartered in Nanterre, France, and registered in the Netherlands. The annual report can be viewed and uploaded at technipenergies.com

1

## Joseph Rinaldi Chairman

<!-- image -->

## To our stakeholders,

## RESILIENCE IN THE FACE OF GLOBAL CHALLENGES

The past few years have seen challenges that have unsettled business plans throughout the world ranging from climate linked natural disasters, the Covid-19 pandemic, disruptions to traditional supply chains and most recently the rise of global inflation and the war in Ukraine.

Technip Energies has not been immune to such disruptions with the exit from the Arctic LNG 2 project following the Russian invasion of Ukraine being an example of a headwind that has directly impacted the business. Yet the continuing track record of operational and financial success in 2022 testifies to the resilience of the Company's business plan, its values and above all, its people.

## INVESTMENT IN ENERGY TRANSITION IS ACCELERATING

The Company's business plan is based on the conviction that the energy transition to lower and zero carbon content is imperative and irreversible. In 2022 we saw important policy developments that support the acceleration of this transition. Most notably, the REPowerEU plan and the Inflation Reduction Act (' IRA ') in the US set more aggressive transition timetables and provide the large scale incentives which are already resulting in a significant increase in the global pace of investments in renewables and other carbon neutral energy sources and technologies including clean hydrogen and carbon capture and storage (' CCUS ').

## A BUSINESS PLAN FOR EVOLVING ENERGY MARKETS

Technip Energies' unique combination of engineering expertise and extensive technology portfolio positions it to be a prominent player in conceiving, building and integrating the solutions that the evolving energy markets and the world need. In particular the Company is well placed to become a prominent player in areas of the new energy landscape such as clean hydrogen, CCUS, floating offshore wind, green chemistry and circularity and in 2022 we witnessed a substantial year-over-year increase in the value of client orders for our offerings in these areas. Although continuing technological development and innovation is a focus throughout the Company, it will be particularly important in these rapidly evolving markets. In addition to growing the R&amp;D budget devoted to the energy transition, the Company has been - and will continue - pursuing the targeted investments and partnerships that complement its existing technological base and expertise and that allow the Company to continue to differentiate its offerings, drive down costs, scale up solutions, reduce time to market and drive the Company's margin growth.

While we position the Company to continue to develop profitable businesses in such markets, our energy transition strategy also addresses the reality that global demand for energy sources such as LNG will continue to grow for many years to come and that our market leading businesses in LNG, hydrogen and ethylene will continue to provide a strong foundation for the Company's growth.

An important part of our strategy in these businesses is to lead the way in decarbonizing traditional sources of energy and we have already been successful in incorporating designs, technology and proprietary products and solutions that will achieve substantial greenhouse reductions in LNG and ethylene projects.

Another important element of the Company's strategy is a hybrid business model that combines the shorter cycle businesses in the Technology, Products &amp; Services (' TPS ') segment with the longer cycle Project Delivery segment and that allows the Company to be selective and focus on value creation in both our traditional and developing markets.

## 'WE ARE WELL PLACED TO BECOME A PROMINENT PLAYER IN CLEAN HYDROGEN, CCUS, FLOATING OFFSHORE WIND, GREEN CHEMISTRY AND CIRCULARITY.'

## A BUSINESS BUILT ON ESG VALUES AND GOALS

The Company's ESG action plan is designed not only to ensure that the Company's core values are embedded throughout the organization but is also designed to actively support the mission of growing stakeholder value and building a leading, profitable and sustainable business for the energy transition. This year the Company is modifying the 2022 ESG framework to better reflect those values and better support that mission, including by reporting our Scope 3 upstream emissions and setting out an action plan to assess, quantify and report our scope 3 downstream (those of our clients) emissions. We have also set new impact driven (Scope 4) targets for CO2 emissions avoided for our clients which will initially measure the impact of our CCUS operations and over time be enhanced to cover all our operations.

Because people are at the heart of the Company's success, our revised ESG plan also strengthens actions and goals for training, raises workforce diversity goals and more clearly reflects the Company's core focus on health and safety. The Company strives for best in class safety practices and policies and yet tragically in 2022 there were two fatalities on our project sites. Any fatality, or indeed any incident endangering people, is unacceptable and underlines the need to continue to make safety and worker welfare our top priority.

We are also mindful of the impact the Company has on the local communities in which our people live and we operate and another major revision to our ESG plan involves setting impact targets for social initiatives that benefit those communities.

## A BUSINESS PLAN WITH PEOPLE AT ITS CORE

Delivering on our plan and achieving strong financial and operational performances would not be possible without the skill, innovative spirit and shared belief in the mission of the individuals who work at Technip Energies. As our 2022 financial results demonstrate, they are delivering on the goal we set to grow the higher margin activities that comprise the TPS segment. They are also successfully executing some of the most complex projects in the industry and delivering consistently healthy profit margins in our Project Delivery segment. The Board also wishes to acknowledge management's handling of the fall out from Russia's invasion of Ukraine, including their work in safely demobilizing our people and their outstanding work negotiating the complexities associated with the exit from the Arctic LNG 2 project while avoiding net financial loss for the Company.

The continuing strong performance delivered by our people allows the Board to propose a dividend of €0.52 this year, a 16% increase over last year's dividend.

## THE BOARD

Didier Houssin has decided to retire from the Board at the upcoming shareholders meeting. On behalf of the Board I wish to thank Didier for his contributions to the Company's success. The Board and the Company have truly benefited from his experience and judgement, especially in these early and critical years of the Company's existence as an independent company.

We are delighted that Stephanie Cox has agreed, subject to shareholder approval, to join the Board. Stephanie has over 30 years experience in the energy sector leading and growing major global businesses as well as serving in senior strategic planning, talent development and supply chain management roles. Her broad experience and knowledge of the industry will enhance our work. Moreover as the pace of investment activity in the US energy markets accelerates following enactment of the IRA, the Board will also benefit from her knowledge of these markets. Election of the slate of directors we are proposing to our shareholders would result in 40% female representation on the Board. While this would achieve our stated gender diversity goal for the Board, we recognize that achieving gender parity throughout the organization must be an ongoing priority.

## OUR SHAREHOLDERS

The Company continues to benefit from the long-term loyalty and support of our shareholders. The Board particularly appreciates the feedback we receive from shareholders. This year we have taken such feedback into account, for example, in designing our improved ESG roadmap and in our decisions concerning executive compensation. In particular, in light of the disappointing results of last year's advisory vote on compensation, the Board has made a number of significant changes in the executive director compensation structure and we are submitting a revised Remuneration Policy for binding shareholder approval this year - two years ahead of schedule.

With the support of our shareholders, the Technip Energies people and our other stakeholders, I am confident we will continue to deliver sustainable returns and long term value for our stakeholders while helping to provide the energy solutions that the world needs.

## Arnaud Pieton Chief Executive Officer

## Dear stakeholders,

The world is facing an unprecedented energy trilemma: the need to deliver reliable, affordable, and sustainable energy. Today's energy crisis illustrates how fragile this balance is. Russia's invasion of Ukraine and its weaponization of energy is causing economic pain around the world, but this must not thwart global efforts to combat climate change. Indeed, it underlines the criticality of the energy transition.

## SAME RESOURCES, NEW SOLUTIONS

The energy transition is a reinvention of the way we live. There is an urgent need for increased investment and accelerated project development with a particular emphasis on natural gas, LNG and low-to-zero carbon solutions. A very different future lies ahead with massive electrification and ever-increasing momentum around hydrogen, circularity, clean fuels and CO2 management. It is in this context that Technip Energies can be the architect of sustainable change. It is in our DNA. It is reflected in our purpose, embedded in our values, and integral to our ESG roadmap and strategy. I feel great pride to see the passion and engagement of our 15,000 employees delivering today's projects and developing tomorrow's solutions. I thank everyone for their efforts and contributions which are yielding strong results today, and a positive outlook for the future.

## EXCELLENCE IN PROJECT EXECUTION

Having a rigorous project framework, selectivity principles and risk management process is the cornerstone of our successful results, and I would like to highlight two examples: in Russia, for the major Arctic LNG 2 project, we have safely demobilized all our operational personnel and implemented an orderly exit while preventing negative financial impact. In Mozambique, despite the COVID-19 pandemic and the supply chain disruptions of the past three years, we successfully delivered the Coral FLNG on time. Its first LNG cargo was offloaded in November. It is thanks to the diligent work of our project management teams who are finding solutions and strictly applying our project framework that we ensure positive cash flow throughout the life of all projects, despite the risks inherent in such large projects.

## A UNIQUE OPERATING MODEL TO TACKLE THE NEW ENERGY LANDSCAPE

Our new organization addresses the needs of this rapidly changing energy environment. By adopting in 2022 a more client-centric operating model, with the creation of three market-focused business lines, together with a cross- market business line - T.EN-X Consulting &amp; Products - our ambition is to maintain our leadership in our core business, to strengthen our positioning in Technology, Products &amp; Services, and to speed up the adoption of clean energy solutions. Our global 'One T.EN delivery' organization, which provides technology packages for Technip Energies owned technologies and is tasked with ensuring the performance of Engineering, Construction and Project Management services for capital projects and for proprietary equipment, is also integrating digital solutions to create value from our vast data resources. I am convinced that this focused organization structure together with its leadership team is the way forward to support our traditional clients in their energy transition journey and attract new ones as we enter new markets.

'THE WOMEN AND MEN OF TECHNIP ENERGIES ARE PROFOUNDLY COMMITTED TO OUR MISSION AND ARE DRIVING CHANGE.'

## TECHNOLOGY PARTNERSHIPS AND SHARED INNOVATION

The energy transition is not a journey we take on our own. We must act together to speed up time to market, scale up solutions, deploy them and drive down costs. In 2022, new partnerships include our joint venture, NT Energies, with NPCC in Abu Dhabi, our collaboration with Baker Hughes to advance LNG technology, and our strengthened strategic alliance with Shell Catalysts &amp; Technologies on Cansolv™ technology for carbon capture solutions. On a smaller scale, we are also collaborating with Swiss sports brand On, together with LanzaTech and Borealis, to develop the first-ever running shoe made using carbon emissions as a primary raw material. The partnership shows how recycled carbon technology can contribute to a circular economy.

## ACCELERATING IN THE ENERGY TRANSITION

Even before the announced incentives of the 'Inflation Reduction Act' in the USA and the 'REPowerEU' package for Europe, we have seen growing demand for energy transition projects. In 2022, our energy transition orders

<!-- image -->

excluding LNG exceeded € 1 billion across several domains including carbon capture, clean hydrogen and sustainable chemistry. This demonstrate our early leadership in these fast growing markets.

Our energy transition strategy is delivering results across all our business lines, which I can illustrate with the following four contracts with clients:

- in ethylene, we will supply INEOS' Project One with our proprietary ethane cracker equipment with a CO2 footprint 50% lower than the best existing facilities;
- our EPsCa contract with TotalEnergies will transform the Grandpuits refinery in France into a zero-crude platform for sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) using sustainable feedstock such as used cooking oil and animal fat;
- in the USA, we are expanding ExxonMobil's Labarge carbon capture facility, which is already the largest facility in the world, to increase capacity by a further one million metric tonnes; and
- in Australia, we have signed an EPCC contract for the Yuri Green Hydrogen project which will include a solar photovoltaic farm and battery energy system and will produce green H2 and ammonia.

In 2022, we have also continued to invest in clean energy domains as illustrated by Hy2gen and X1 Wind:

- Hy2gen is a pioneer developer in green hydrogen and derivatives. Together, we are undertaking for example an engineering design for a complete green ammonia plant for Iverson eFuels in Rogaland, Norway; and
- X1 Wind is an energy startup that has designed an innovative and disruptive offshore wind turbine concept and we are supporting the management to bring this concept to commercial application.

Furthermore we are continuing to build-up our technology portfolio, including through the purchase of Biosuccinium ® technology, which will offer a bio-based sustainable technology for producing food packaging material.

## TECHNIP ENERGIES IS, ABOVE ALL, HUMAN ENERGIES

When we launched Technip Energies in February 2021, we engaged with our stakeholders to establish a meaningful ESG roadmap with the goal of embedding ESG in everything we do and the choices we make to have a positive and long-term impact. This is reflected organizationally with our Strategy and ESG teams being now regrouped under the same leadership. We published our roadmap at the start of 2022, and we are measuring progress for each ambition and every target. This year our annual report is aligned with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures and we have a section dedicated to ESG reporting in which you will see concrete examples of the progress being made. As an engineering and technology company, people are our engine. The women and men of Technip Energies are profoundly committed to our mission and are driving change. With the same resources and those we are attracting, we offer new solutions! We have made it our purpose, breaking boundaries together to engineer a sustainable future.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

•

| BREAKING BOUNDARIES  TOGETHER TO ENGINEER  A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE  8  1.1.  TECHNIP ENERGIES  AT A GLANCE  10  1.2.  OUR DNA  12  1.2.1.  Our Purpose  14  1.2.2.  Our Values  15  1.2.3.  Our ESG Roadmap  15  1.3.  FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS  16  1.4.  SHAREHOLDER STRUCTURE  19  1.5.  OUR MARKETS - FROM  TRADITIONAL TO EMERGING  20  1.5.1.  Gas &amp; Low Carbon Energies  20  1.5.2.  Sustainable Fuels, Chemicals and  Circularity  24  1.5.3.  New energies  31  1.6.  KEY EVENTS  34  1.7.  FORWARD-LOOKING  STATEMENTS  39   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

8

## Breaking boundaries together to engineer a sustainable future

## OUR VALUES

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

WE ACTIVELY LISTEN

WE ARE INCLUSIVE AND COLLABORATIVE

WE STRIVE FOR EXCELLENCE

WE DRIVE SUSTAINABLE CHANGE

WE DON'T COMPROMISE ON SAFETY AND INTEGRITY

## KEY FIGURES

<!-- image -->

12.8 * billion € Significant and high-quality backlog

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

6.4 * billion € Revenue Company

60+ Years of successful

operations

€0.52 Proposed dividend

per share

*  Financial information is presented under adjusted IFRS (see section 2.3.3).

## RESEARCH &amp; DEVELOPMENT

## 2 Technology centers

- Weymouth (United States)
- Frankfurt (Germany)

27%

Increase in R&amp;D spend

83% R&amp;D spend on energy transition in 2022

100% R&amp;D spend on energy transition by 2025

## EXPERTISE

390 Patent families

+3,000 Patents

407 Recognized technical experts in the Technical Expertise Program

<!-- image -->

9

## Technip Energies at a glance 1. 1.

## ABOUT TECHNIP ENERGIES

Technip Energies is a leading engineering &amp; technology (' E&amp;T ') company for the energy transition, with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (' LNG '), hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen, sustainable chemistry and CO2 management. We benefit from our robust Project Delivery model supported by an extensive Technology, Products &amp; Services offering.

Operating in 35 countries, our 15,000 people are fully committed to bringing our clients' innovative projects to life, breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.

We are positioned to play a critical role in assisting our clients reach their net zero targets and deliver affordable, reliable and sustainable energy supply. If oil and gas currently take a predominant place in the energy mix and will continue to do so for some years, our solutions help decarbonize production and processes as well as improve the environmental footprint of hydrocarbon use. The energy transition covers different realities depending on our clients' countries, their existing energy mix, economic maturity, and ambition in their transition. But there is one common reality that electrons and molecules will be necessary, that they will have to co-exist in the energy mix and that there will need to be a bridge between them. This is exactly our positioning.

The energy transition is our business for which we deploy our core capabilities to meet today's and tomorrow's energy challenges and accelerate developments, whether in LNG (onshore and offshore liquefaction), in sustainable chemistry (biofuels, chemicals, circular economy), for decarbonization (energy efficiency, blue hydrogen, carbon capture, utilization and storage (' CCUS ' where we are involved in 60 projects) or for carbon-free energy solutions (green hydrogen and floating offshore wind).

At Technip Energies, we design and deliver addedvalue solutions for our clients around the world with the technologies, expertise and know-how and technologies that will enable the energy transition at the best possible pace. It requires improving existing technologies, lowering costs, implementing largescale industrialization processes. It calls for replicable models and a major standardization effort that we are able to provide.

<!-- image -->

## W E   H A V E

adapted our operating model to better deliver on our strategy and serve our markets, as a very different future lies ahead with massive electrification and ever-increasing momentum around hydrogen, circularity, clean fuels and CO2 management. To sustain our leadership in our core businesses and to be a leader in these new markets, we are organized around three market-focused business lines (Gas &amp; Low-Carbon Energies, Sustainable Fuels, Chemicals &amp; Circularity and CarbonFree Solutions), a cross-market business line (T.EN X - Consulting &amp; Products) and a global delivery organization for our projects and solutions (One T.EN Delivery).

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## W E   D E V E L O P

a full range of design and project development services to our customers spanning from early engagement, technical consulting through project delivery. We have a track record of more than 60 years in managing large  engineering,  procurement,  and  construction  (' EPC ')  projects.

## W E   O F F E R

a comprehensive portfolio of technologies, products, projects, and services with capabilities spanning across early studies, technology licensing, proprietary equipment and project management to full engineering and construction. Digital is a core enabler of sustainable and profitable business performance from improved internal efficiency, enhanced collaboration across the entire value chain, and creation of new business models. We believe that digital is an accelerator for the energy transition and the transformation of the energy industry.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## W E   M A N A G E

market-oriented research and development (' R&amp;D ') programs as there can be no energy transition without sustained, long-term investments in technology and innovation. We have increased our R&amp;D budget by 27% in 2022 and have committed, through our ESG roadmap, to dedicating 100% of our R&amp;D effort to the energy transition by 2025. This will involve organic development, but also alliances and equity investments, particularly in start-ups, and new business models. Today, we are known and recognized as an engineering company with a technological offer. In the long term, we have the ambition to become a technology company with strong engineering capabilities.

## W E   P A R T N E R

with  some  of the world's  most well-known  players for technologies, equipment, and construction worldwide. We engage with startups to support the scale-up of breakthrough technologies and we collaborate with  world-class  institutions  to  bring  new  discoveries  to  reality.

<!-- image -->

## Our DNA 1.2.

As a world-leading engineering and technology company, we are an industry pioneer at the forefront of the energy transition. We are choosing to concentrate our collective experience, our expertise and our passion for the industry on delivering a low-carbon future.

Our Company DNA is what we share and recognize in ourselves and in each other. It reflects our strong foundations, our rich experience, and is embedded in our culture.

It is at the heart of our brand and our signature: 'Where energies make tomorrow' .

We express our DNA through our Purpose (why we exist), our Values (how we work); it is also reflected through our ESG Commitments (what truly matters to us and our strategic priorities) clearly detailed in our ESG roadmap (please see chapter 3. Sustainability).

Our Purpose

<!-- image -->

actively listen strive for excellence drive sustainable change are inclusive and collaborative don't compromise on safety and integrity We

## Our ESG Roadmap

<!-- image -->

S

E

I

G

I

N

H

C

E

T

## 1.2.1.

## OUR PURPOSE OUR OSE

## Breaking boundaries together to engineer a sustainable future is our Purpose.

I t allows us to focus our collective energies to deliver a better tomorrow and captures the essence of who we are and why we do business. It demonstrates our passion and defines what we contribute to the world. It guides us on our mission to design and deliver added-value energy solutions to accelerate the energy transition. Our purpose federates all our stakeholders around

## Our Purpose, what does it mean

Pushing the limits and turning our client's vision into a sustainable reality. It's about resolving complexity, leveraging technologies and innovation, and unleashing talents.

a lasting and shared goal and differentiates us by highlighting what Technip Energies is really and uniquely about. It also broadens the horizon to realize the potential of our 15,000 talented professionals across the world to kick off an ambitious and transformative journey in pursuit of sustainable change for our clients, our people, our communities and our planet.

Building long-lasting connections and partnerships with all our stakeholders. It's about fostering team spirit and inclusive collaboration.

## Breaking boundaries together to engineer a sustainable future

Designing and delivering projects, technologies and products to meet our client needs, ensuring excellence in their execution. It's also about considering human, social and environmental aspects in our solutions and services.

Acting with ethics and integrity to deliver a low carbon future and protect the planet. It's about embedding Environment, Social, and Governance (ESG) in everything we do.

## 1.2.2. OUR VALUES O ES

The role of our company Values is to translate the culture of the Company into actions. They are a driving force behind our global, collective sense of identity and a key part of our brand. These Values frame the way Technip Energies wants to do business, to inspire employees and to deliver the best experience to clients.

O ur Values are purposefully actionoriented because we want them to be fully embedded in the way we behave, in the way we run our business and manage our projects.

The use of 'we' that figures prominently in our Values emphasizes the importance of working together and collaborating and highlights human energies in action in our Company. Indeed, Technip Energies is a people company and our performance and success rely largely on the actions, team spirit and commitment of everyone involved.

We ensure that our Values are being embedded in the Company's management and leadership style, as well as in the way employees are recruited, assessed, and work together.

## Our Values:

- We actively listen - Actively listening at all times is key to building trust. At Technip Energies, we focus on understanding the messages, views and priorities of our internal and external stakeholders. This helps us to clarify their challenges and provide them with the best solutions.
- We are inclusive and collaborative - Inclusion allows us to leverage diversity and promotes collaboration towards shared goals. At Technip Energies, we care for our people and do whatever it takes to foster well-being. We value respect, nurture team spirit, support one another, and treat everyone fairly.
- We strive for excellence - Excellence is the key to achieving a high standard of performance, and it starts with everyone's accountability. At Technip Energies, we give our very best to meet our clients' challenges, delivering outstanding solutions, projects, services, and technologies. We provide the best quality at the right cost.
- We drive sustainable change - Change is the only option as the world strives to deliver a better tomorrow. At Technip Energies, we challenge the status quo. We champion creativity and innovation which encourages entrepreneurship and drives our commitment to transform the industry, positively impacting the future.
- We don't compromise on safety and integrity -Safety and integrity are part of our DNA. At Technip Energies, wherever we are, whatever we do, safety and integrity frame the way we carry out our projects, do business, and act every day. Safety is about protecting the physical and mental health of our people.

<!-- image -->

Our Values underpin value creation (please refer to section 2.1. Long-term value creation). Please also refer to chapter 3. Sustainability, where we describe how our Values support our sustainability journey and to chapter 6. Remuneration report.

## OUR ESG ROADMAP 1.2.3.

Our ESG Roadmap is set forth in chapter 3. Sustainability.

<!-- image -->

G

R

N

H

C

E

T

## Financial highlights (1) 1.3.

2022 was a year where our differentiated hybrid model - with its complementary long and short cycle business segments - continued to yield strong results.

T hanks to the extraordinary commitment of our teams to deliver excellence in execution despite external challenges, we achieved year-over-year margin expansion, substantial earnings per share (' EPS ') growth and consistent free cash flow generation (net of working capital).

We also achieved significant commercial successes: with over 60% segment backlog growth for Technology, Products &amp; Services, which reinforces the growth outlook of our highest margin segment; and we booked more than €1 billion of awards in Energy Transition domains excluding LNG, demonstrating our emerging leadership in carbon capture, clean hydrogen, and sustainable chemistry. Based onthe strength of these results, we are pleased to announce a 16% increase in dividend to 52 cents a share, which is subject to approval at our annual shareholder meeting on May 10, 2022. The dividend reflects both our commitment to shareholders and confidence in our business outlook.

<!-- image -->

'THE DIVIDEND REFLECTS BOTH OUR COMMITMENT TO SHAREHOLDERS AND CONFIDENCE IN OUR BUSINESS OUTLOOK.'

2022 Adjusted Revenue slightly reduced year-on-year by 3.6% to €6.4 billion. The impact of the war in Ukraine compromised our ability to execute the Arctic LNG 2 project where an exit framework agreement was signed in the third quarter of 2022, providing a clear pathway to a full handover of our remaining contractual obligations. While this event had an impact on Project Delivery's revenue trajectory in 2022 (decrease of 6.3% year-over-year), the underlying Project Delivery portfolio (excluding Arctic LNG 2) delivered significant growth supported by the ramp-up of major LNG and downstream projects, and continued to benefit from strong operational execution. In addition, the TPS segment delivered 7.5% year-over-year growth, resulting from higher project management consultancy and engineering services activity in the Middle East, and improved activity in sustainable chemistry including renewable fuels, as well as Process Technology activity, including licensing and proprietary equipment, notably for PBAT, a biodegradable polymer, and ethylene. Our Loading Systems activities remained strong and we have seen a notable increase in engineering services for early-phase work in energy transition.

(1) Financial information is presented under adjusted IFRS (see section 2.3.3).

## ADJUSTED RECURRING EBIT  (2)

(In millions of €)

<!-- image -->

Adjusted recurring EBIT increased by 4.7% year-over-year, benefiting from margin expansion to 7.0%, up 50 bps versus 2021, despite lower revenues year-over-year. Profitability benefited from revenue growth in the higher-margin TPS segment, and strong execution within Project Delivery. This was achieved despite a year-over-year increase in corporate costs which normalized at a slightly higher level in 2022 following the spin-off in 2021. 2022 corporate costs also included an exceptional bonus granted to all employees excluding senior levels of management, totaling €30 million, as well as a negative foreign exchange impact of €8.4 million. Project Delivery benefited from materially higher profitability, up 150 bps year-on-year to 7.9% benefiting from strong execution on LNG and downstream projects in the latter stages of completion, as well as the close out impact of the warranty phase of Yamal LNG. This trend also highlights our capacity to weather challenging external market factors, including the impact of the war in Ukraine, logistics constraints as well as supply chain inflation. TPS profitability increased modestly by 10 bps to 9.3% benefiting from higher volumes in Process Technology licensing, proprietary equipment, and services, notably in sustainable chemistry and ethylene, as well as higher activity levels in Loading Systems and advisory services performed by Genesis.

(2) Adjusted	recurring	EBIT:	adjusted	profit	before net financial	expense	and	income	taxes	adjusted for items	considered	as	non-recurring.

## ADJUSTED EFFECTIVE TAX RATE ADJUSTED EFFECTIVE TAX RATE

<!-- image -->

Adjusted effective tax rate at 28.3% is in line with the low end of the 2022 full company guidance of 28% - 32%. Year-over-year, the tax rate has reduced by 140 bps, benefiting from both the lower rate of French corporation tax (28.41% to 25.83%), and a more favorable mix of earnings in lower tax jurisdictions.

## ADJUSTED FREE CASH FLOW, EXCLUDING WORKING CAPITAL

(In millions of €)

<!-- image -->

## 2022 2021

Due to the specific nature of our business model and cash flows, our preferred metric to monitor underlying cash flow generation is adjusted free cash flow, net of working capital. On this basis, free cash flow for 2022, net of working capital, was €420.2 million, with 93% conversion from Adjusted recurring EBIT as we executed across our portfolio and benefited from lower taxes. Working capital can be lumpy due to the timing of large awards and associated upfront and milestone payments; this is clearly evidenced through the last two years - In 2021, we benefited from a €626 million inflow, whereas in 2022, we experienced a €334.3 million outflow. Over the two years in aggregate, working capital had a net benefit of €293 million. Adjusted free cash flow is also stated after capital expenditures (€46.8m) which further serves to highlight the asset light nature of our model.

S

E

I

I

N

H

C

E

T

## ADJUSTED NET CASH

(In billions of €)

<!-- image -->

Adjusted net cash at December 31, 2022, was €3.1 billion, essentially flat compared to Adjusted net cash at December 31, 2021, of €3.1 billion. Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 are broadly consistent with the prior year-end.

## ADJUSTED BACKLOG

<!-- image -->

## 2022 2021

Adjusted Backlog decreased by 22.2% to €12,750.1 million, impacted by the company's orderly exit from Arctic LNG 2 and partial backlog cancellation relating to this project, a significantly lower order intake in Project Delivery (€1,682.1 million versus €8,471.5 million in 2021), partially offset by very strong orders in Technology, Products &amp; Services (€2,162.8 million versus €1,318.4 in 2021) and a favorable foreign exchange impact of €478.5 million. Adjusted Backlog at 31 December, 2022, provides us with excellent visibility at the equivalent of approximately two times the company's 2022 revenues.

(3) Subject	to	approval	at	the	Annual	Shareholder	Meeting on	May	10,	2023.

## ADJUSTED EARNING PER SHARE

(diluted)

<!-- image -->

2021

2022

Adjusted diluted earnings per share increased by 29% year-over-year to €1.79. Beyond the growth in adjusted recurring EBIT, adjusted diluted EPS benefited from several factors including significant growth in interest income, a lower effective tax rate, and the absence of transaction costs relating to the spin-off in 2021.

## DIVIDEND PER SHARE

<!-- image -->

## 2022 2021

Based on the strength of these results, and in line with our stated dividend policy to pay a dividend annually that is sustainable with potential for growth over time, we are pleased to announce a 16% increase in dividend to €0.52 share, which is subject to approval at our Shareholder's Annual General Meeting on May 10, 2022. The dividend reflects both our commitment to shareholder distributions and confidence in our business outlook.

## Shareholder structure 1.4.

The Shareholder structure of Technip Energies was as follows (as of December 31, 2022):

<!-- image -->

## Our Markets from traditional to emerging 1.5.

1.5.1.

## GAS &amp; LOW CARBON ENERGIES

Natural gas is a critical transition fuel, reducing CO2 emissions from power generation by approximately 50% compared to coal. It is the only fossil fuel the demand for which is expected to increase by 2040 as the world transitions to lower carbon energies.

<!-- image -->

The demand for Liquefied Natural Gas (' LNG '), representing 10% of the overall gas market, is expected to grow significantly as the world seeks greater security of gas supply. Indeed, before Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the Company estimated that market demand existed for a further 200 million tonnes per annum to come online. The Company now forecasts a total installed base of more than 700 million tonnes per annum by 2035.

Technip Energies addresses markets comprised of LNG, Floating LNG, low-carbon hydrogen and its associated derivatives (ammonia, methanol), and other gas monetization routes. The Group offers a complete range of services and solutions across the gas value chain to support its clients' capital projects from concept to delivery, startup and after commissioning work and services. The Group's capabilities include the design, construction of facilities and set up of equipment related to regasification, natural gas liquids (' NGL ') recovery, gas treatment and LNG to power.

## LNG

## Onshore LNG

With over 60 years of experience, Technip Energies is the industry leader in LNG. Technip Energies pioneered base-load LNG plant construction by building the first-ever facility in Arzew, Algeria (Camel LNG). Working with its partners, the Group has built facilities that can deliver more than 105 million tonnes per annum (' Mtpa '), representing approximately 20% of the global liquefaction capacity in operation today (i.e., approximately 450 Mtpa production delivered worldwide). Technip Energies has engineered and delivered a broad range of LNG plants and terminals, from mid-scale to very large-scale plants, as well as plants in remote locations and in the harshest environments. The Company carries engineering experience from conceptual design studies to EPC.

Schedule certainty (early monetization), cost competitiveness and low emissions approach thanks to electrification of production trains are key in the current environment. As a pioneer in modular applications, Technip Energies has developed its

THE COMPANY OFFERS A COMPLETE RANGE OF SERVICES AND SOLUTIONS ACROSS THE GAS VALUE CHAIN TO SUPPORT ITS CLIENTS' CAPITAL PROJECTS

TECHNIP ENERGIES IS A LEADER IN FLNG, LEVERAGING MORE THAN 50 YEARS OF OFFSHORE EXPERIENCE

<!-- image -->

own mid-scale capacity modular LNG plant called SnapLNGTM. This design permits the treatment of most gas compositions in various onshore environments.

By virtue of scale, projects require simultaneous construction across multiple module yards, at integration yards and at the LNG plant itself. The Group has perfected project management systems that allow on-time delivery of massively modularized projects.

## Technip Energies reference projects include:

- LNG trains in Qatar (the sixth largest ever constructed with a capacity of 7.8 Mtpa);
- Yemen LNG ;
- a series of mid-scale LNG plants in China; and
- the Yamal LNG plant in the Russian Arctic with the three trains put in production before the end of 2018, one year ahead of the contractual schedule (assembled from 142 modules with some modules weighing as much as 7,000 tonnes).

## Plants under construction by Technip Energies include:

- Energia Costa Azul project awarded by Sempra in 2020; and
- Qatar NFE project awarded by Qatar Energy in 2021.

The future of LNG is changing - one reason being that the production of this critical fuel can also be decarbonized. When considering the LNG supply chain from well-head to gas grid in the consumer country, the Group estimates that 75% of emissions occur during pre-treatment and liquefaction. Future LNG infrastructure will be low carbon, notably by resorting to electrification, the use of which is growing. To achieve a low-to-zero carbon LNG scenario, expertise will be required from multiple domains including hydrogen production, CCUS and renewable power. As Technip Energies possesses skills in these domains, the Group is uniquely positioned to help the industry succeed in decarbonizing production of LNG, both for brownfield and greenfield projects.

## Offshore LNG

Floating Liquefied Natural Gas (' FLNG ') is an interesting alternative to onshore plants for LNG production in remote and security-sensitive areas, and for pipeline gas export from congested industrial zones. It is a suitable solution for remote and stranded gas fields that were previously deemed uneconomical. It can also be a reliable solution to deploy near shore in certain areas.

The post-COVID energy crisis, which has been heightened by the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, brought new near-shore FLNG projects as solutions for a fast and convenient way to bring LNG to the market. In addition, FLNG is an accessible solution for greenhouse gases (' GHG ') emissions reduction by avoiding flaring of associated gas on existing oil fields in various producing countries. These distinct market segments are opening up new opportunities for small-scale FLNG, for which Technip Energies is qualified and well-positioned.

Technip Energies is a leader in FLNG, leveraging more than 50 years of offshore experience. The Group has deep know-how from early engineering studies to EPC.

## Technip Energies pioneered the FLNG industry by engineering and delivering:

- the world's first FLNG facility in Malaysia;
- Prelude, the world's largest FLNG facility in Australia; and
- the installation and commissioning of ENI's Coral South FLNG in Mozambique (completed in 2022), a 3.4 Mtpa offshore LNG production facility involving a 432-meter double-hull vessel with an LNG storage capacity of 220,000 m 3 .

G

R

N

H

C

E

T

## CO2 MANAGEMENT

In 2022, approximately 40 million tonnes of CO 2 were captured worldwide. The Group estimates that the currently active global project pipeline represents approximately 480 million tonnes. The global market is mainly led by the US and North Sea Europe. Strong governmental incentives, such as the Inflation Reduction Act in the US, are likely to boost carbon capture, utilization and storage (' CCUS ') industry competitiveness in the near future.

Technip Energies is committed to environmental transition investment. Indeed, the Group is focusing on providing robust and integrated decarbonization solutions with enhanced economics and affordability to the nascent CCUS industry. Technip Energies has already built more than 50 facilities that remove and handle CO2 molecules, which reflects the Group's historic presence in hydrogen and gas treatment. Furthermore, the Group is working to improve existing technologies while identifying new CCUS applications across all industries.

## Recent successes illustrate the Company's approach as a technology leader and solution provider for CO 2 complete management chain services:

- the Celsio Oslo project, for a world-first carbon capture and storage (CCS) project at the waste to energy plant located in Oslo, Norway (which consists of a complete EPC contract, with carbon capture technology Shell Cansolv ® , CO 2 transportation, as well as the furnishing of CO 2 loading arms (which are being provided by T.EN Loading Systems)) This project will ultimately contribute to a 17% reduction of the emissions of the city of Oslo.
- consolidation of the 2012 strategic alliance with Shell Catalyst &amp; Technologies for the Cansolv ®  CO 2 capture technology, thereby providing a robust and superior technology for all sizes of carbon capture projects. Shell's Cansolv ®  technology is one of the very few proven technologies for post combustion carbon capture and is the only one with a currently operating largescale reference. The alliance consists of closely-knit teams for client engagement, with a unified and seamless offering to CCUS markets. Technip Energies and Shell Cansolv ®  are also jointly building a fleet of pilot carbon capture plants that will be offered to demonstrate the efficiency and key features of this leading technology. This pilot will enable a constant flow of operational data for ongoing improvement efforts.

The Company has developed a roadmap which includes the development of productized CO2 capture solutions consisting of standardized and modularized CO2 capture systems that are fully digitalized to achieve maximum replicability and the lowest possible cost.

<!-- image -->

Beyond Technip Energies' carbon capture expertise, Technip Energies' CO 2 disposal offering will provide solutions to clients on the full CO 2 chain as the Group has developed in-house Offshore C-Hub™ which is a distributed CO 2 collection and sequestration architecture system. It is an adaptable, relocatable and flexible offshore solution that aggregates CO 2 from multiple hubs or stranded point sources with dedicated collection, liquefaction, storage and loading stations from which liquid CO 2 is conveyed to a central floating unit that stores and continuously injects CO2 in depleted reservoirs or dedicated saline aquifers. The overall system provides important system flexibility with the ability to redeploy by repurposing existing assets.

## Technip Energies has key levers to further develop and complete its CCUS offering:

- master planning on systems and tools enabling concept evaluation and selection with high efficiency. These tools were used to develop its Gen-CAT™ CO2 assessment tool;
- expertise in CO 2 flow assurance in onshore and subsea, enabling the development of robust CO2 collection and management infrastructure, clusters and hub design;
- assisting in CO 2 storage pore space identification by using the Group's key partnerships and global network of engagements across the CCUS chain; and
- extending its offering globally to post-EPC services with digitalized plant performance improvement, integration and O&amp;M support platforms as well as 'CCS and CCU as Service'. The Group manages the full chain from source to sink or source to use for clients by taking full advantage of its capture technologies portfolio, its leading expertise across the CO 2 transport and storage chain as well as its ability to provide know-how on integrated management of a complete system.

The Group continuously enriches its diversified offering and market positioning. During 2022, the Group has witnessed a remarkable acceleration in client engagement and project activity across the CCUS chain illustrated by several EPC FIDs. This acceleration is progressively extending to all regions and subsegments which should lead to many prospective projects for Technip Energies in the coming years. As a result, the role of CCUS in the Group's proposal activities and backlog is increasing in visibility.

## Technip Energies' key projects and references include:

- 50+ Installation delivered - Technologies for removal of carbon dioxide and sulfur components/CO2 compression and conditioning station;
- ExxonMobil - LaBarge Carbon Capture capacity increase - EP services, USA;
- Hafslund Oslo Celsio - CCS Project - EPC, Norway;
- HURL Syngas CO2 purification for urea plant - EPC Project, India;
- Peterhead CCS project - FEED Studies, Scotland;
- Drax Project - Pre-FEED design, UK;
- Bp Net Zero Teesside FEED Project -leading to EPC bid, UK;
- FEED with ADNOC for its Ghasha mega project including carbon capture integration, Abu Dhabi;
- Qatar NFE LNG , includes capture and sequestration for 2.5 million tpa of CO 2 -EPC, Qatar;
- PTTEP Lang Lebah Onshore Gas Plant associated with Carbon Capture - FEED, Malaysia;
- Elk and Antelope onshore gas fields production associated with CO2 capture and sequestration - FEED, Papua New Guinea;
- CALPINE Deer Park Carbon Capture Project - FEED, USA; and
- SHELL Deer Park Carbon Capture Project - FEED, USA.

## LOW-CARBON HYDROGEN AND ASSOCIATED DERIVATIVES

'Blue' or low-carbon hydrogen is somewhat arbitrarily defined as hydrogen produced with a minimum 70-90% CO2 reduction target with an ever-increasing stretch towards 95% or more. Low-carbon hydrogen is a necessary stop-gap to expand renewables infrastructure and decarbonize electricity generation systems. In the medium term low-carbon hydrogen projects are viable when the following three criteria are met:

- availability of affordable or cheap gas;
- existing pipeline infrastructure; and
- CO2 sequestration potential (i.e. subsurface reservoirs).

This means that low carbon hydrogen is likely to be favored in certain geographical areas such as the North Sea, certain parts of North America, the Middle East and Australia and the creation of concentrated hydrogen hubs in these regions appears highly probable. The Company estimates that between 2030 and 2050 low-carbon hydrogen production will increase by circa 10% per year. The Company is currently seeing a very dynamic pipeline of low carbon hydrogen prospects and projects developing in countries around the North Sea (driven largely by the UK, Norway and the Netherlands) and also to a certain extent in Australia and North America. In the Middle East, export industry is developing through blue ammonia in anticipation of potential markets in Europe and East Asia.

Technip Energies aims to combine CO2 management capabilities with hydrogen and associated derivatives production experience, offering more environmentalfriendly modes of production to clients. The Group's expectation is that low-carbon hydrogen will also be deployed to support the decarbonization of refinery and petrochemical plants, steel, power, LNG and other industries.

To address the low carbon hydrogen and derivatives growing market, Technip Energies leverages its prominent position and recognized know-how and technologies in hydrogen. Indeed, the Group has delivered more than 270 hydrogen plants to its clients over the past 60 years, an estimated 30% of the installed base for on-purpose hydrogen which represents the largest share of plants that a single energy and technology (' E&amp;T ') company has delivered. The Group offers a single point of responsibility for the design and construction of hydrogen and synthesis gas production units, with solutions ranging from process design packages to full lump sum turnkey projects, including start-up operations. The Group also offers lifecycle support services for maintenance and performance optimization of running units.

The Group has positioned itself across the value chain of the low-carbon hydrogen ecosystem through its expertise in delivering large ammonia and integrated ammonia/urea units worldwide and by providing both ammonia and methanol technologies.

The Group launched BlueH2 by T.EN™ in May 2021, a full suite of deeply decarbonized solutions for hydrogen production. This suite of solutions is comprised of flight-proven proprietary technologies and reduces carbon emissions by up to 99% compared with conventional hydrogen production.

The Company provides a wide array of solutions and technologies to arrive at the lowest levelized cost of hydrogen (' LCOH '). Its references include several of the world's largest single-train hydrogen/syngas applications. These references are rapidly expanding as the Company addresses the mandate to raise efficiency and to reduce carbon emissions.

## Technip Energies' key projects and references include:

- 270+ plants using reformer technology worldwide;
- several of the world's largest single-train hydrogen/syngas applications;
- reference fleet rapidly evolving to address the mandate of raising efficiency and reducing carbon emissions;
- 50+ references of CO2 capture in hydrogen plants;
- 30 hydrogen plants with deep CO shift; and
- 14 hydrogen plants with recuperative reforming technologies.

## 1.5.2.

## SUSTAINABLE FUELS, CHEMICALS AND CIRCULARITY AND CIR ULARITY

Sustainable Fuels, Chemicals and Circularity encompasses fuels and biofuels, petrochemicals, biochemicals, ethylene and fertilizers as well as the development of circularity solutions for the economy. Leveraging on its existing portfolio of groundbreaking technologies and offerings, Technip Energies is committed to invest further in biofuels, bioenergies, biochemicals, as well as in electrification of technologies provided.

<!-- image -->

## FUELS AND BIOFUELS

## Fuels

Technip Energies has over 60 years of experience in refining and offers a complete range of services from strategic planning, through technology licensing to full project delivery for grass-root refineries, integrated refinery and petrochemical complexes, as well as major upgrades and revamps. The Group's capabilities include refinery modeling (through close collaboration with international licensors), concept definition, design and construction of facilities and associated infrastructure.

Technip Energies has been supporting the refining industry in its transformative journey, licensing leading hydrogen technologies and catalytic cracking solutions, maximizing olefins production and offering low-cost route to propylene.

The industry is decarbonizing its own operations as well as diversifying its feedstocks and product portfolio. Technip Energies brings its rich experience and knowledge of refining and downstream units and can support refiners to improve their sustainability footprint and align with energy transition commitment - supporting small and large assets right from the planning phase to execution and operations. Technip Energies works with refiners to implement innovative solutions and decarbonization strategies that improve asset efficiencies, reduce carbon footprint, process greener feedstock and integrate downstream with chemicals and petrochemicals while also repurposing assets to produce biofuels. This enhances the sustainability quotient of refineries as well as provides refiners with feedstock and product flexibility.

Technip Energies is a leader in the design and construction of refineries with a track record of 30 refining complexes built worldwide (of which seven have been built since 2000) as well as more than 110 major expansion or revamping projects and approximately 850 process units built.

## Key industrial references include:

- the Dung Quat refinery in Vietnam;
- the Jubail refinery in Saudi Arabia;
- the expansion of Burgas in Bulgaria with the world's largest heavy oil residue hydrocracker;
- Petronas' Refinery and Petrochemical Integrated Development (RAPID) integrated refinery in Malaysia;
- the Middle East Oil Refinery's (MIDOR) refinery expansion in Egypt;
- Bahrain Petroleum Company's (BAPCO) refinery modernization and expansion project in Bahrain;
- the new Hydrocracking Complex for Assiut National Oil Processing Company (ANOPC) in Egypt; and
- the reconversion of the TotalEnergies La Mède refinery in France into

a biorefinery.

The Company also offers tailored digital services for improved plant performance, helping clients define profitable solutions in terms of performance, feedstock and energy efficiency, operational savings, safety improvements and ease of maintenance.

Technip Energies works to secure the highest performance of new refining projects, whether by way of greater efficiency in the use of raw materials, energy efficiency, emission control or pollution prevention.

## New projects include:

- refinery upgrading projects with high energy efficiency and performance requirements in terms of product quality (clean fuels), carbon and energy efficiency as well as waste management to minimize the impact on the environment;
- projects lowering the carbon intensity of transportation fuels (production of renewable fuels such as biodiesel and sustainable aviation fuel (' SAF ') within refineries, through new units or the adaptation of existing facilities);
- projects supporting the refining industry's efforts to diversify its production portfolio through the conversion of crude and motor fuels to chemicals;
- projects for existing refineries having the objective of reducing emissions of greenhouse gases and other contaminants from operations (by way of energy efficiency, electrification, energy recovery, zero flaring and control of NOx emissions);
- refining projects that integrate the supply of decarbonized and low-carbon energy and hydrogen (renewable energy, low carbon hydrogen and green hydrogen);
- refining projects incorporating circularity principles (recycling of plastic waste); and
- decarbonization studies addressing all of the above and enabling refineries to define achievable decarbonization strategies and roadmaps.

## Biofuels

The demand for sustainable fuels is on the rise with bioethanol leading in terms of market size followed by biodiesel and SAF.

For the next decade or so, bioethanol and biodiesel will see applications in road transportation, with electric vehicles expected to take over thereafter once renewable energy infrastructure is in place. Feedstocks and assets for production of these fuels can be then used for the production of SAF which will be the leading biofuel in terms of demand and production around the same time.

Decarbonization of the mobility sector is a key target for most geographies and biofuels will play an important role to meet these goals. Biofuels are liquid or gas fuels derived from biomass. Research and application in this area include second-generation bioethanol and second-generation biodiesel which can be manufactured or extracted from non-food biomass and waste products from other chemical processes, thereby reducing the agricultural land required to produce such fuel sources and the intensity of water and other inputs. Based on current forecasts, market demand for biofuels is seen as growing strongly, pushed by legislation and consumer behavior. Biodiesel market volume is expected to triple by 2030 compared to 2022, while bioethanol may see a demand surplus of up to 70% by the end of the decade.

Technip Energies is executing the expansion of Neste's biodiesel refinery in Singapore. Neste's Singapore plant upgrade is a significant contract and is a direct consequence of the successful realization of Neste's Singapore (the largest biodiesel plant in the world) and Rotterdam world-scale biodiesel plants in the late 2000s. As part of the execution partnership with Neste on Neste's NEXBTL technology projects, Technip Energies was awarded EPCm services for expansion of the Rotterdam site which, once completed, will be a major SAF production facility in the Netherlands.

Technip Energies is also contributing to the SAF market development with technology and partnership. The SAF market is still in its early stage and is expected to be fast growing over the next decades with an anticipated CAGR of 75% (2025-2030) in Europe and North America. Technip Energies' proprietary Hummingbird technology converts ethanol to ethylene, which in turn is used as a base feedstock for SAF, as shown at LanzaJet's SAF plant (Freedom Pines Fuel site, Soperton, GA, USA). Similar project initiatives are gaining traction in Europe and America with an alcohol-to-jet pathway for SAF production.

WE ARE CONTRIBUTING TO SAF MARKET DEVELOPMENT WITH TECHNOLOGY AND PARTNERSHIPS

<!-- image -->

## Technip Energies' key projects and references include:

- Neste Biofuels plants based on NEXTBTL technology - EPCm services, Singapore, and Rotterdam;
- LanzaJet's Freedom Pines Fuel site using our proprietary Hummingbird technology - License Package and proprietary supply, USA;
- LanzaJet's FLITE &amp; Dragon projects for alcohol-to-jet based SAF production using our proprietary Hummingbird technology License Package and PDP/FEED services;
- TotalEnergies biofuels (SAF) plants based on third-party technologies - EPCm services, France;
- SkyNRG SAF production plant based on third-party technology - FEED services, Netherlands;
- confidential biofuels plant based on thirdparty technology - FEED services, Portugal;
- Clariant 2G bioethanol plant based on Sunliquid technology - Services to develop licensor process design package, Bulgaria;
- BTG bioliquids fast pyrolysis bio-oil plants - FEED services, USA;
- confidential biorefinery complex based in third-party technologies - Concept Design &amp; FEED, Malaysia;
- 2G Ethanol plant for HPCL Bhatinda based on third-party technology - EPCm services, India; and
- 2G Ethanol - FEL 2 services to support Clariant's 2-G Ethanol unit for OMV Petrom - started up in Q2 2022, Romania.

## ETHYLENE

Ethylene is usually produced through steam cracking, in which hydrocarbons and steam are heated to convert large hydrocarbons into smaller ones, including ethylene. Ethylene, propylene and other base products produced from steam cracking are the building blocks for many molecules in the petrochemical industry including plastics, solvents, cosmetics, paints and packaging.

Global demand growth for ethylene and associated products typically follows global GDP. The annual growth rate for the next ten years is forecasted to be approximately 2,5% per annum with most of the new capacity addition expected in China, North America, the Middle East, India and the former Soviet Union. Apart from an overall increase in demand, some investments in ethylene are driven by a desire to reduce imports of olefins, and refiners looking to move into olefins production to counter forecast flattening, or reductions, of fuel demand.

Technip Energies is a global leader in ethylene licensing and in the design of ethylene production plants, and is responsible for the design of over 150 grass-roots plants. The Group estimates that its market share in licensing, in terms of ethylene capacity, is over 40% of new licenses granted since 2010. The Group is also the global leader based on the number of active ethylene facilities and their installed production capacity.

Technip Energies has proprietary technologies relating to the design and construction of ethylene steam crackers, its power generation furnace, heat transfer equipment, Ripple Trays™ and optimization software Spyro ® .

The Group designs steam crackers, from concept stage through construction and commissioning, for both new plants (including mega-crackers) and plant expansions.

## ETHYLENE:

40% of new licenses granted since 2010

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Key references in technology implementation and front-end engineering design (FEED) include (all in terms of ethylene capacity):

- the world's largest operating steam cracker (Dow LHC9, USA);
- the world's largest mixed feed cracker (Sadara, Saudi Arabia); and
- the world's largest refinery off-gases cracker (Jamnagar, India).

Technip Energies is strategically positioned to be both a licensor and an EPC contractor, relying on its portfolio of technologies. The Group's technological developments have improved the energy efficiency of furnaces in ethylene plants and reduced the compression power required per tonne of ethylene produced. CO2 emissions produced per tonne of ethylene declined by 30% over the past 25 years, and feed consumption per tonne of ethylene declined by 5-10% over the same period. Technip Energies also has extensive experience in revamping ethylene furnaces, including furnaces originally designed by competitors in ethylene licensing.

Technip Energies' continuous innovation in ethylene technologies has resulted in significant capital cost reductions and improved operating efficiencies for its clients. A recent example is the deployment with a modular approach enabling continuous operations during the project upgrade at Shell's Moerdijk facility of a new cracking furnace design with the replacement of 16 older units with eight new units, without reducing capacity, while reducing total annual CO 2 emissions at the facility by 10%.

As cracking furnaces are the largest source of scope 1 CO 2 emissions in ethylene plants, Technip Energies deploys its resources and skills to develop emissions reduction solutions:

- a patented low CO2 design of a cracking furnace;
- reforming of fuel gas to hydrogen for firing in the furnaces, using proprietary BlueH2 by T.EN™ technology;
- designs for electrified crackers; and
- application of carbon capture to ethylene plants.

The Group has recently been awarded a substantial EPC contract by Abu Dhabi Polymers co. Ltd. (Borouge) for the construction of a new ethane cracker unit, which will be integrated into the Borouge 4 petrochemical complex in Ruwais, UAE. This plant will be the first cracker in the world to be constructed with a design which can accommodate a carbon capture and storage unit at a later date, allowing a CO2 equivalent emissions reduction of approximately 80%.

Technip Energies is now seeing a considerable rise in interest in circularity, including from cracker operators to process feedstocks derived from recycled plastics. This is driven by social responsibility concerns and measures such as the EU Packaging and Packaging Waste Directive, which requires producers of plastic products used in packaging to incorporate a percentage of recycled content. Recycled content is to rise from 25% today to 50% by 2025 and 55% by 2030.

Technip Energies has developed clean-up and treatment technologies for both oil and gas feeds from plastic waste. These technologies are currently in the process of being commercialized. The Group has established agreements to work with several pyrolysis technology providers. The Group's clean-up and treatment technologies are designed to be as flexible as possible to allow variation of waste compositions and different pyrolysis technologies.

As a leader in ethylene technologies with a drive to constantly innovate, Technip Energies is developing breakthrough technologies such as Rotating Olefins Cracker and electric furnaces. Indeed, Technip Energies is investing in R&amp;D and intensive deployment of resources in order to position itself as the pioneer company for the evolution of green ethylene production.

Ultimately, the performance of the furnaces is predicted using Technip Energies' proprietary digital tool: Spyro ®  for Asset Management (SAM) software, which is being constantly upgraded and licensed to cracker operators representing over 70% of installed ethylene nameplate capacity to enable such operators to get the maximum out of the assets.

## PETROCHEMICALS AND BIOCHEMICALS

## Petrochemicals

Technip Energies is successfully delivering projects around the globe and offering market-leading technologies in the field of petrochemicals. Providing solutions to improve carbon efficiency and feedstock resilience, the Group brings value to its stakeholders through proven services and technologies which include:

- licensed technologies;
- applied research and development;
- master Planning; and
- EPC projects.

A world leader in the process design, engineering, procurement and construction of units for the production of polymer resins and other petrochemical derivatives, Technip Energies has delivered more than 350 facilities over the last 50 years. The Group extends a unique offering combining technologies and project delivery capabilities. Technip Energies' project execution track record for EPC delivery has been made possible by its know-how, methods &amp; practices and project execution teams. Lump sum turnkey EPC projects awarded in 2021 included Indian Oil Corporation Limited's (IOCL) Purified Terephthalic Acid (PTA) plant and Nayara Energy's polypropylene plant in India, which both employ the most up-todate technologies and carbon efficient processes. Technip Energies has been involved in these two projects from the very early conceptual design phases and has offered a seamless rollover through FEED and detailed execution to construction and start up. The reduction of project interfaces is an added value to de-risk and execute major projects such as these on a fast-track basis. Through its early engagement activities in 2022 (which involves working with clients on master planning, conceptual plans and studies), the Group is establishing the trust and confidence

DECARBONIZING THE INDUSTRY WITH A LEADING TECHNOLOGY PORTFOLIO

<!-- image -->

needed to accompany its clients in building optimized complexes, thus positioning the Company for further pull-through opportunities.

The petrochemical market's annual growth rate, which stands at approximately 4%, is sustained and follows the expansion of GDP and population growth. The Group is seeing a rapid push for integration between refiners and the petrochemical industry as the energy transition is forcing refiners to switch product mix from fuels to petrochemical and chemical feedstocks. The Group is also expecting a trend towards integrated large-capacity complexes. These complexes are located close to conventional feedstock sources and represent a first step in improving the cost of production as well as building energy and carbon-efficient clusters.

The Company is helping decarbonize industry through the improvement of its leading technology portfolio, having access to more than 20 petrochemical technologies. Technip Energies owns proprietary technologies in the value chains of polyesters, phenolic and styrenic resin. The Company also partners with leading licensors in the polyolefin, vinylic and aromatic value chains. In 2022, the Group has been successful as a standalone process licensor. The Group has continued to expand its technology portfolio offering (e.g., propanediol technology which was acquired in 2020).

Technip Energies also invests in energy transition technologies development, innovation and R&amp;D, both in its own facilities (Weymouth, USA and Frankfurt, Germany) and in its partners' laboratories. Moreover, the Group is extending and complementing existing drop-in chemical value chains and is improving the carbon footprint through more energy and monomerefficient processes. The licensing of these new products, combined with such improved energy and monomer processes, allows the Company to be an actor in the energy transition, optimizing the use of carbon for chemicals and efficient decarbonization.

## Classic decarbonization techniques may be applied to processing facilities:

- to improve energy and raw material efficiencies; and
- to capture carbon and introduce electrification as an energy source to replace fossil fuels.

The Company also works on improving the pace of circularity. Plastic resins, through the linear extractive model, are turned into consumer goods. At end-of-life, plastics are incinerated or land filled, releasing carbon into the atmosphere as CO2, thereby contributing to pollution and global warming. The Group is working on improvement of scopes 1 and 2 emissions of its licensed, engineered and built derivative technologies. For scope 3 emissions, conventional feedstocks are progressively being replaced by biogenic carbon feedstocks and, at a faster pace, by recycled plastic material. The changing pace of circularity introduction is noticeable:

- Biogenic feedstocks: the pace of uptake is gradual and in line with the technological maturity of the processes and feedstock logistic constraints on local feedstock sourcing. The traditional drop-in value chains will be fed in the near term by a mix of biogenic and conventionally sourced carbon; and

- recycling end-of-life plastics is having a larger impact with a quicker introduction. Carbon sourced from conventional feedstocks is substituted in part by recycled material, thereby reducing carbon released into the atmosphere at end-of-life whether due to incineration or landfilling.

To continue to reduce scope 3 emissions, the Group is looking to license, design and build biogenic and recycling plants. Please also refer to the sections relating to Ethylene above and Circularity below. The use of these drop-in feedstocks will increase the carbon footprint but will still feed the conventional drop-in value chains, which the Group is constantly improving. Technip Energies believes that novel technologies to combine and transform captured CO2 with green hydrogen produced from renewable electricity will emerge as a preferred and sustainable route in the longer run.

## Biochemicals

Bio-based chemicals are products derived from biomass such as biopolymers which are in turn used for a variety of energy or industrial applications and the breakdown, reuse or recycle of other waste products for industrial or energy applications. As bio-based chemicals represent a very diverse field of products and technologies, market growth and prediction will vary, though future growth rates are expected to exceed those of the traditional petrochemical business. For biorefineries, the Company expects a yearly average growth rate in revenues of 8% to 10% until 2030, with an acceleration of the adoption of these technologies towards the end of the decade.

Within this market, Technip Energies is a party to the PLAnet alliance with Futerro and Sulzer to promote the production of sustainable plastics made of polylactic acid (a compostable or recyclable polymer derived from sugars that can replace petroleum-based plastics). This collaboration will support manufacturers interested in entering the bioplastic market by delivering integrated polylactic acid technology packages.

Technip Energies also offers proprietary Epicerol ® technology epichlorohydrin (' ECH ') from glycerin which is used for the production of epoxy resins, adhesives, electronics and composites. It is a breakthrough technology compared to conventional propylenebased processes and presents major advantages relative to other glycerin-based technologies. It uses renewable materials, produces less CO2 emissions, less effluents and has a lower utility consumption. Technip Energies signed its first Epicerol ®  Technology License Agreements with Meghmani Finechem Ltd. in India for a unit which started up in Q2 of 2022. The Group has subsequently signed new licenses for ECH units with Birla Grasim in India and OCI-Kumho in Malaysia.

Technip Energies is also present in bio-based and biodegradable polymers and developed proprietary technologies for the production of PBAT and PBS polymers which have been licensed in several Asian countries. The Company expects that this currently niche market segment will see continuous significant growth (12%-16% CAGR) over the coming years, especially in the Asian market. Technip Energies'

technology is likely to allow the Company to retain a solid market share in the licensing and engineering of sustainable plastics solutions.

As part of the Group's strategy, the Group acquired in 2022 the bio-succinic acid technology 'Biosuccinium ® ' - from DSM. This technology provides a bio-sourced route to succinic acid and is the base material for the production of PBS, a biodegradable polymer.

## Technip Energies' key projects and references include:

- Polylactic Acid (PLA) technology integration and licensing (PLAnet ® association with Futerro &amp; Sulzer) Exclusive one-stop shop technology from sugar to biopolymer;
- Meghmani and Birla Grasim ECH plants -Epicerol ®  technology services and licensing, India;
- PBAT/PBS biodegradable polymer plants - Proprietary technology services, equipment sales and licensing, China, Taiwan, Korea, Vietnam;
- UPM biochemical (wood chips to MEG) plant - Services from process consolidation to detailed engineering, Germany; and
- Hummingbird ®  ethanol to bio-ethylene -Collaboration with 'On' Shoes, Lanzatech and Borealis to support the development of the 'On' Shoes CleanCloud™ Cloudprime sports shoe made from carbon emissions.

## CIRCULARITY AND FERTILIZERS

## Circularity

Circularity aims to exploit virtuous cycles where a process output or waste product becomes an input for another process, such as the production of pyrolysis oil and monomers from plastic waste.

Technip Energies is working to provide recycling solutions for the polymer producing technologies, also supplied by the Company. Using an open innovation approach, the Group is developing proprietary technologies and cooperating with market-leading companies for the commercialization of circularity solutions.

## As such the Company:

- is working with INEOS Infinia to address difficult-torecycle PET plastic waste, such as highly-colored bottles and food trays;
- is completing advisory and EPC work for a demonstration plant for Carbios' enzymatic recycling process for PET plastics through depolymerization along with FEL 2 engineering work for the first-of-akind 50,000 tpa industrial plant;
- is developing proprietary processes to purify pyrolysis oil and gas via in-house pure.rOil ®  and pure.rGas ®  technologies. These technologies in combination with ongoing cooperations with pyrolysis technology owning companies, such as Synova and Alterra, allow the Group to supply comprehensive solutions from plastic waste to purified feedstock to re-produce olefin monomers

G

R

N

H

C

E

T

G

R

N

H

C

E

T

and polyolefins plastics. Furthermore, Technip Energies has been engaged in several feasibility studies to pave the way for the commercialization of a first wave of industrial plastic waste recycling plants; and

- signed a Joint Development and Cooperation Agreement with Synova and SABIC to collaborate on the development and realization of a commercial plant, which would produce olefins and aromatics from plastic waste.

Brand owners and governmental policies have set targets for recycling content in packaging. By 2030, in order to meet these targets (e.g. Europe's 'Circular Economy Action plan', the UK's 'Plastic Packaging Tax', the U.S. Plastic Pact and China's 2021-2025 FiveYear Action plan for promoting recycling solutions) the installation of hundreds of new recycling plants is anticipated, representing a 25% growth rate for recyclates production.

## Technip Energies' key projects and references include:

- pyrolysis-based chemical recycling plants - Feasibility studies, engineering studies, due diligence studies; and
- Carbios PET enzymatic recycling demonstration plant - EPCm services, France.

## Key technologies and relationships include:

- cooperation agreements to support commercialization of pyrolysis technologies from Synova, Alterra, Carboliq, and AP Chemi;
- an agreement with Agilyx to accelerate the implementation of Agilyx's advanced recycling of post-use polystyrene technology pursuant to which Technip Energies will market and license Agilyx's depolymerization and Technip Energies' purification technologies;
- a joint venture agreement between the Company, Under Armor and IBM to develop and commercialize TACLOV ® , a Glycolysis based PET recycling technology;
- our proprietary processes to purify pyrolysis products via our pure.rOilTM and pure. rGasTM technologies. These technologies, combined with ongoing cooperation with companies owning pyrolysis technology, allow us to supply comprehensive solutions from plastic waste to purified feedstock to re-produce plastics. In France, we have filed two patents related to this technology with an international application to follow and are working on an additional patent application;
- INEOS Infinia technology to recycle PET plastic waste - Alliance Engineering Contractor for Front End Loading services; and
- Eastman technology to recycle PET plastic waste - Alliance Engineering Contractor.

<!-- image -->

## Fertilizers

Technip Energies has extensive experience in fertilizers, having engineered and delivered approximately 400 complexes or integrated units in 40 countries including for OCP, PetroVietnam Fertilizer and Chemicals Corp., Duslo A.S, Fosfertil, Industries Chimiques du Sénégal and two world-scale ammonia/ urea projects in India for Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Limited (HURL). The Company's expertise covers the entire value chain from geology and mining to beneficiation, sulfuric or phosphoric acid plants, phosphate and potash fertilizers plants, as well as ammonia and urea plants.

The Group's services offerings range from global strategic planning, technical consulting and feasibility studies to complete turnkey facilities and further assistance in production, debottlenecking and revamping. The Company provides a wide selection of basic and specialty chemicals processes, including associated effluent treatments.

## Technip Energies offers leading technologies:

- proprietary technologies and processes including calcination (Dorr-Oliver/ FluoSolids ® ), phosphoric acid, single nutrients and multicomponent fertilizers; and
- technologies in cooperation and alliance with leading companies: sulfur acid with MECS ® , ammonia with Haldor Topsoe, urea synthesis with Saipem, urea granulation with ThyssenKrupp-UFT, nitric acid, ammonium nitrate and phosphate fertilizers.

Technip Energies is also helping clients find sustainable solutions for better feedstock uses in the phosphoric fertilizers sector through its R&amp;D facilities.

The Company's laboratory pilot testing unit located in Tuticorin (Tamil-Nadu, India) supports R&amp;D efforts to optimize phosphoric acid process technology. The Company offers tailored solutions designed to meet 'Zero Liquid Discharge' requirements which meet the most stringent environmental standards. Phosphoric acid production is a 'no-oil' and low energy-intensive process, based on natural feedstock (phosphate rocks) and utilizes sulfuric acid that generally generates ample quantities of CO2 -free energy during phosphoric acid production, thereby ensuring the overall energy balance of a production complex. Gypsum which is a by-product of the process may be re-used and recycled as part of a circularity model.

1.5.3.

## NEW ENERGIES NEW GIES

New energies and related technologies are essential to help the world achieve net zero emissions by 2050 or even earlier. As it is committed to investing in the environmental transition and leveraging its expertise, Technip Energies addresses markets comprised of green hydrogen (which is hydrogen production powered by renewable energies) and floating offshore wind. The Group offers a wide range of services from concept studies to project execution.

## GREEN HYDROGEN

A green hydrogen molecule is generated mainly through water electrolysis but also from different sources of biomass.

It can be used as a clean primary source of energy (and mixed with methane in the gas grid for instance) or combined with other molecules to feed the chemical industry (like nitrogen to produce ammonia or captured carbon to produce methanol) and has been termed the 'Power-to-X' industry and includes electrofuels, also known as e-fuels or synthetic fuels, which are manufactured using captured carbon dioxide or carbon monoxide, together with hydrogen obtained from sustainable electricity sources such as wind, solar and nuclear power.

<!-- image -->

## We are providing two types of solutions to our clients:

- a standardized and modularized solution for local market needs (industrial scale projects), where hydrogen is mainly produced from electrons purchased from the grid; and
- bespoke solutions for large export project development (utility-scale projects), that will produce clean hydrogen from a green electron which will be generated through massive solar and/or wind farms. Green hydrogen will be transformed into ammonia or other molecules to be transported over a long distance. Technip energies is also offering to its clients intermittency management systems that will minimize the effect of renewable intermittency on green molecule production.

We are developing close commercial relationships with several electrolyzer manufacturers and monitoring the entire green hydrogen supply chain. We are also looking at our legacy partners in the molecule domain such as ammonia and fuels, to offer appropriate solutions to our clients. In the longer term, major developments will become viable, with the bankability of such investments being predicated on the development of large project execution capabilities and the ability to address intermittency management for which we are developing solutions.

We have invested in Hy2gen in February 2022. Hy2gen is a project developer focusing on developing green fuels from renewable sources, mainly hydro in Norway and Canada. We are positioned to be its strategic partner, supporting Hy2gen to develop projects (bankability, technology and site selection) and secure FIDs. We believe that this investment will help us gain a better understanding of clients' needs in this emerging business.

<!-- image -->

## Technip Energies' key projects and references include:

- More than 40 projects awarded in 2022 including four detailed engineering projects;
- HYNL - Engie - 100 MW EPC , awarded in Q3 Sept 2022, Netherlands;
- Maasvlakte - Uniper - 100 MW FEED and Open Book Estimate,  Green Hydrogen , awarded in Q3 2022, Netherlands;
- Confidential -  150 MW Basic Engineering, Green Hydrogen , awarded in Q3 2022, UAE;
- Yuri - Engie -  10 MW EPC,  Green Hydrogen Production combined with Solar Plant , awarded in Q3 2022, Australia;
- Porvoo - Neste - 100 MW FEED, Green Hydrogen ,  awarded in Q4 2022, Finland; and
- Several other pre-FEED and studies in the green ammonia, eMethanol and eFuel space , including multi GW projects, amongst which:
-  Iverson - CIP/Hy2gen - Pre-FEED for 600 tpd of Green Ammonia, awarded in Q2 2022,  Norway,
-  Hynovi-Hynamics (EDF) / Vicat - preFEED for 200 000 TPA E-methanol (330 MWe), awarded in Q3 2022, France,
-  Arcadia - Confidential - pre-FEED for 2000 BPSD e-fuel (250 MWe), awarded in Q3 2022, Denmark, and
-  Confidential - PreFEED for 2 GW Green ammonia, awarded in Q4 2022, Chile.

## FLOATING OFFSHORE WIND

Floating offshore wind technology is key to decarbonize the world by providing renewable electricity. From approximately 120 MW currently to 60 GW installed by 2040, the Group forecasts a rapid growth, especially in Western Europe.

Capitalizing on a 50-year offshore track record and as an already well-recognized global leader in floating solutions, the Group is an ideal partner for offshore renewables projects. In 2022, a strategic collaboration agreement with Equinor was signed to develop floating wind steel semi-substructures and further enhance industrialization. A second strategic agreement with Skyborn Renewables (formerly WPD Offshore) was also signed aiming to join forces on floating offshore wind developments.

Technip Energies' key differentiator is its ability to manage multi-discipline engineering and operational risks in the marine environment, which includes the electricity chain from power generation to offshore substations (whether high voltage alternative current or high voltage direct current) as well as the floater. Recent successes demonstrate that the Company can perform in the rapid growth environment of the floating offshore wind business large and complex project execution.

Technip Energies is deploying capabilities in field architecture optimization and in-house proprietary

<!-- image -->

## Technip Energies' key projects and references include:

- being selected to perform the FEED contracts for the world's two first commercial wind farms involving INO15™ in-house floating technology;
- HYWIND Demo for Equinor , Norway (2009) - First full-scale offshore floating wind turbine;
- Mistral Vertiwind &amp; Inflow in association with EDF Renewables and Nénuphar Development - detailed design and testing of a prototype of the first vertical axis offshore floating wind turbine;
- Firefly Project for Equinor South Korea Co Ltd - First FEED contract for a large commercial floating offshore wind farm offshore South Korea (800 MW) using INO15™ in-house floater;
- Gray Whales 3 Project for Corio and TotalEnergies - FEED contract for a 500 MW floating offshore wind farm offshore South Korea;
- Renexia MedWind - Conceptual and FEED for the development of an offshore wind farm west of Sicily, with the largest capacity worldwide (3 GW); and
- MunmuBaram Project for Shell Overseas Investments B.V. and CoensHexicon Co., LTD - pre-FEED for the engineering of the floating offshore wind turbines (1.4 GW capacity).

## 60 GW installed by 2040

floater design for harsh environments such as the North Sea, South Korea or other cyclonic areas. The aim is to create industrialized, large-scale, connected and economically viable products. This will include innovative O&amp;M (operations and maintenance) solutions which will permit the installation and replacement of major components offshore. Cyber wind farms, using sensors, drones and robots, should also be a real game changer for remote cost-effective inspection and maintenance. The Group provides end-to-end solutions for the full life cycle of the offshore wind farm, ensuring cost competitive solutions from a CAPEX and OPEX point of view and facilitating the decommissioning and recycling of the farm at the end of its lifetime.

Beyond the floater, software and simulation capabilities that can optimize wind farm layout and provide analytics across the key components of the farm are being developed.

The Group is also preparing the future by investing in R&amp;D to propose the next-generation floating wind farms. In 2022 Technip Energies acquired a stake in X1 Wind, a renewable energy startup that has designed an innovative and disruptive offshore wind turbine floater with major environmental and operational benefits. The first full-scale 6 MW pilot is planned for 2025. The Group also innovates in the field of offshore green hydrogen and green ammonia production with units fed with energy coming from floating offshore wind turbines with the Company's dedicated product GO.H2 by T.EN™.

## Key events 1.6.

## -January 11

## Technip Energies Purchases 1.8 Million of Its Own Shares From TechnipFMC

Technip Energies announced it had agreed to acquire 1.8 million of its own ordinary shares from TechnipFMC plc as part of TechnipFMC's selldown of its stake in the Company through a private sale transaction with Bpifrance Participations SA and HAL Investments, the Dutch investment subsidiary of HAL Holding N.V., each agreeing to also purchase 3.6 million Technip Energies ordinary shares.

## 2022

<!-- image -->

Technip Energies Announced Investment in Floating Offshore Wind Company X1 Wind

Technip Energies acquired a 16.3% stake in X1 Wind, a renewable energy startup that has designed an innovative and disruptive offshore wind turbine floater with major environmental and operational benefits.

## -February 17

Hy24, Mirova, CDPQ and Technip Energies Joined Forces to Make Record €200 Million Investment in Green Hydrogen Pioneer Hy2gen AG

Technip Energies participated in Hy2Gen's €200 million investment round which also included Hy24, Mirova and CDPQ. Hy2gen AG is a green hydrogen investment platform. The capital will be used for the construction of facilities in several geographies including Europe, producing green hydrogenbased fuels - or 'e-fuels' for maritime and ground transport, aviation and industrial applications.

## -February 11

Technip Energies Awarded a Significant (1)  EPCC Contract by PETRONAS Chemicals Fertiliser Kedah for a New Melamine Plant with Minimized CO2 Footprint

This EPCC contract follows the successful completion of the Front-End Engineering Design (FEED) by Technip Energies. The project includes a 60,000 ton per annum greenfield melamine plant, utilizing CASALE Low Energy Melamine (LEM™) technology, and associated interconnections with the existing urea plant where the CO2 generated in the melamine production process will be recycled. This serves to minimize the CO2 footprint of this new asset.

<!-- image -->

## -March 3

## Russia-Ukraine War

In connection with its full year 2022 financial results, Technip Energies' CEO communicated to the market that the Company had ceased working on future business opportunities in Russia.

<!-- image -->

## -March 15

## Technip Energies Partnered With Greenko Group to Accelerate Green Hydrogen Development in India

Technip Energies and Greenko ZeroC Private Ltd. signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to explore green hydrogen project development opportunities across industries including the refining, petrochemicals, fertilizer, chemical and power plant sectors in India to accelerate energy transition in the country.

## -March 22

## Technip Energies Announced the Launch of a Share Buy-Back Program

Technip Energies launched a share buy-back program of up to 29,850,000 euros to be executed until December 31, 2022, for the purpose of meeting the Company's obligations under equity incentive plans.

<!-- image -->

## -April 04

Technip Energies to Provide FEED for Equinor Floating Offshore Wind Firefly Project in South Korea

The FEED contract covers engineering of the floating wind turbine substructures for a proposed 800 megawatts offshore wind farm. The design of the substructures will include Technip Energies' in-house floater technology INO15™. Firefly wind farm is planned for an area of 2 x 75 km 2  off the coast of the city of Ulsan in South Korea and will serve to feed the Korean grid. It is planned to be in operation in 2027.

<!-- image -->

## -May 12

Technip Energies and Saulsbury Industries Awarded EPC Contract for Carbon Capture &amp; Storage at ExxonMobil LaBarge, Wyoming, US Facility

The LaBarge plant has already captured more CO2 than any other facility in the world  (2) . The plant has capacity to capture more than 6 million metric tonnes per year, and this expansion project will enable the capture of more than one million additional metric tonnes of CO2 per year.

## -May 25

Technip Energies and Samsung Engineering Awarded Pre-FID Contract, Formed a Joint Venture for Project Design and Delivery for Texas LNG in the USA

Through a joint venture with Samsung Engineering, Technip Energies was appointed lead project contractor charged with project design and delivery for the Texas LNG project in Brownsville, Texas, USA. The Texas LNG project will utilize Technip Energies' SnapLNG™ solution, which combines a compact modular design concept for mid-scale trains with standardized components and technology.

T

T

## -June 07

Technip Energies Awarded a Bankable Feasibility Study Contract by Viridian Lithium for the First Lithium Refining and Conversion Project in Europe

Located in Lauterbourg, France, the plant will produce up to 100,000 tonnes of battery-grade lithium chemicals per year - which is the equivalent capacity to power 2 million electric vehicles - to enable a secure and sustainable battery supply chain for the transition to electric mobility. The contract consists in a Bankable Feasibility Study, and a preferential right on the construction of the plant and its three foreseen extensions.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Technip Energies and Equinor Entered Strategic Collaboration to Accelerate Floating Offshore Wind Development

The two companies aim to develop floating wind steel semi-substructures that accelerates technology development for floating offshore wind, ensures cost reductions and develops local value opportunities.

## -July 04

Technip Energies Awarded a Large (3) EPC Contract by Hafslund Oslo Celsio for a World-First Carbon Capture and Storage Project at Waste to Energy Plant in Norway

The project will use the Shell CANSOLV ®  CO2 Capture System and will be the first full-scale waste-to-energy plant in the world with CO2 capture. 400,000 tonnes per year of CO2 will be captured, which is the equivalent of the emissions from around 200,000 cars and will reduce Oslo's emissions by 17%. As part of the Longship project, the CO2 will then be liquified and exported to Northern Lights which is the first cross-border, open-source CO2 transport and storage infrastructure network.

## -July 19

Technip Energies and National Petroleum Construction Company Establish a New Company to Accelerate Energy Transition

Headquartered in Abu Dhabi, the new joint venture NT ENERGIES LLC aims to support energy transition in the UAE, the broader Middle East region and North Africa by providing added value services in blue and green hydrogen and related decarbonization projects, CO2 capture in addition to industrial projects in the fields of waste-to-energy, biorefining, biochemistry, as well as other energy transition related themes.

## -July 21

## Technip Energies Awarded a Significant  (4) Contract by Neste for Renewable Products Refinery Expansion in Rotterdam

The contract covers Engineering, Procurement services and Construction management (EPsCm) for the expansion of Neste's existing renewables refinery in Rotterdam which will increase Neste's overall renewable product capacity by 1.3 million tpa. The production process is based on Neste's proprietary NEXBTL™ state-of-the-art technology, which allows the conversion of renewable waste and residue raw materials like used cooking oil and animal fat waste into renewable fuels.

## -July 28

## Arctic LNG 2 Project

Commenting on Technip Energies' half-year results, Technip Energies' CEO indicated that, in line with the applicable sanctions, the Company was continuing to implement an orderly exit from the Arctic LNG 2 and had suspended the vast majority of the work.

## -August 17

## Technip Energies, Subsea 7 and Samkang M&amp;T to Perform FEED for Gray Whale 3 Floating Offshore Wind Project in South Korea

The FEED contract covers engineering for floater, mooring, and inter-array cable (IAC) in collaboration with a wind turbine supplier. The design of the floating foundation will include Technip Energies' in-house floater technology INO15™. With a capacity of 15 megawatts, INO15™ technology is a three columns semi-submersible floater which is well suited for large series production.

## -August 22

## Technip Energies and Clough to Perform FEED for TotalEnergies Papua LNG Upstream Production Facilities

The upstream production facilities cover the development of the Elk and Antelope onshore gas fields including the well pads and the central processing facility. It also incorporates a carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) scheme to remove the fields' native CO2 and reinject it into the reservoirs.

## -September 16

## Technip Energies Awarded an EPCC Contract for YURI Green Hydrogen Project in Australia

Technip Energies leader of a consortium with Monford Group, was awarded an Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Commissioning (EPCC) contract by Yuri Operations Pty Ltd, to develop Project Yuri Phase 0 project, which is a green hydrogen plant in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.

<!-- image -->

## -October 03

Technip Energies Announces Award of a Large  (5) Contract for FEED, License and Proprietary Equipment Supply for INEOS' Project One Ethane Cracker

This latest award is in line with Technip Energies' early engagement strategy and consolidates the successful completion of the Ethylene License and Extended Front End Engineering and Design (FEED) previously awarded to Technip Energies by INEOS.

<!-- image -->

- (4) A	'significant'	award	for	Technip	Energies	is	a	contract	award	representing	between	€50	million	and	€250	million	of	revenue.

(5) A	'large'	award	for	Technip	Energies	is	a	contract	award	representing	between	€250	million	and	€500	million	of	revenue.

T

T

## -October 06

## Technip Energies to Perform FEED for PTTEP Lang Lebah Onshore Gas Plant Associated with Carbon Capture in Malaysia

The FEED contract covers the Design of an onshore gas plant including the integrated flow assurance of the native CO2 capture, compression and transportation via pipeline up to the offshore wellhead platform where it will be reinjected. The gas coming from the Lang Lebah offshore field will be treated before being sent to the Malaysia LNG complex.

## -October 14

## Technip Energies and Shell Catalysts &amp; Technologies Strengthen Strategic Alliance on CANSOLV Technology to Address Growing Carbon Capture and Storage Demand

## -October 20

## Arctic LNG 2 Project

Commenting on Technip Energies' nine months update, Technip Energies' CEO indicated that the orderly exit from Arctic LNG 2 was progressing, that all operational personnel had been demobilized from the project, and that the Company had signed an Exit Framework Agreement with the client, which it anticipated completing in the first half of 2023.

## -November 17

## Technip Energies and Baker Hughes to Collaborate on a 1 to 2 Million TPA Range Modularized LNG Solution

The strategic alliance consists of an integrated collaboration for the joint promotion, marketing, licensing and execution of projects using Shell's CANSOLV  (6)  CO2 capture system technology, resulting in lower Capex and Opex for clients.

<!-- image -->

Technip Energies and Baker Hughes signed a Memorandum of Understanding that sets the groundwork for their cooperation on the joint development of a new above 1 and up to 2 million tpa range liquefied natural gas (LNG) modularized solution for the onshore market which would provide an additional offering to the two companies' respective proprietary LNG modularized solutions: Baker Hughes' 1 million tpa range LNG Mid-scale Modular Solution (MMS), with a production capacity of 0.8 to 1 million tpa, and Technip Energies' 'SnapLNGTM' with a production capacity of 2 to 3 million tpa.

(6) CANSOLV	is	a	Shell	trademark.

(7) This	award	represents	over	€250	million	of	revenue	for	Technip	Energies.

## -November 29

Technip Energies Awarded a Contract for Sustainable Aviation Fuels Production at TotalEnergies Grandpuits Zero-Crude Platform in France

This contract covers the Engineering, Procurement services and Construction assistance (EPsCa) for the conversion of the Grandpuits refinery into a zero-crude platform oriented towards SAF. Once in operation, this facility will have the capacity to produce 210,000 tonnes per year of SAF from sustainable feedstock such as used cooking oil and animal fat.

## 2023

## -December 21

## Technip Energies Awarded a Proprietary Equipment Contract  (7)  by Chevron Phillips Chemical and QatarEnergy for the Golden Triangle Polymers Ethane Cracker

The contract is for the supply of proprietary cracking furnaces for the 2 million tpa ethane cracker for the Golden Triangle Polymers project, a joint venture between Chevron Phillips Chemical (CPChem) and QatarEnergy, along the Gulf Coast in Orange, Texas. The modularized cracking furnaces will feature seven of the largest capacity furnaces that Technip Energies has ever designed. The cracker is designed using modern emissions reduction technology and processes that result in lower greenhouse gas emissions than similar facilities in the United States and Europe.

## 1.7.

## Forward-looking statements

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that reflect the Company's intentions, beliefs or current expectations and projections about the Company's future results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies and opportunities and the markets in which the Company operates.

F orward-looking statements are often identified by the words 'believe', 'expect', 'anticipate', 'plan', 'intend', 'foresee', 'should', 'would', 'could', 'may', 'estimate', 'outlook', and similar expressions, including the negative thereof. The absence of these words, however, does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company's current expectations, beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on the Company. While the Company believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting Technip Energies will be those that the Company anticipates.

All of the Company's forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties (some of which are significant or beyond the Company's control, such as Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the associated sanctions and the impact these will have on the Company's and/or the Company's clients' activities conducted in or related to Russia or Belarus) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company's historical experience and the

Company's present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.

Some of these factors are discussed in this Annual Report in chapter 4. Risk and Risk Management, in sections 3.5.1. ESG Risk Management and 2.3. Operating and financial review where the Company's material risks are discussed. This chapter and these sections provide a discussion of the factors that could affect the Company's future performance and the markets in which the Company operates. Additional risks currently not known to the Company or that the Company has not considered material as of the date of this Annual Report could also cause the forward-looking events discussed in this Annual Report not to occur. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. The Company undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events, except to the extent required by applicable law.

<!-- image -->

Value creation; businesses and financial performance

<!-- image -->

| 2.1.  LONG-TERM VALUE  CREATION  42  2.1.1.  Selectivity and project execution  43  2.1.2.  Building a sustainable energy  transition business  43  2.1.3.  Growing Technology,  Products &amp; Services  43  2.1.4.  Technology &amp; Innovation  44  2.1.5.  Our financial framework  47  2.2.  OUR OFFERING:  TECHNOLOGY, PRODUCTS &amp;  SERVICES AND PROJECT  DELIVERY  48  2.2.1.  Technologies, Products &amp; Services  48  2.2.2.  Project Delivery  55  2.3.  OPERATING AND  FINANCIAL REVIEW  61  2.3.1.  Business outlook  61  2.3.2.  Consolidated results of operations  64  2.3.3.  Non-GAAP measures  68  2.3.4.  Business Segments Highlights  70  2.3.5.  Liquidity and capital resources  73  2.3.6.  Critical accounting estimates  76  2.3.7.  Other matters  76   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Energy transition is at the heart of Technip Energies' strategy as it aims to break the correlation between increased energy demand and higher greenhouse gas emissions.  Technip  Energies'  business  model  is  focused  on  developing  decarbonization technologies, carbon-free and new energies solutions to help achieve net zero emissions for all its stakeholders. See in the introduction chapter of this Annual Financial Report the sections 1.5.1. Gas &amp; Low Carbon Energies, 1.5.2. Sustainable Fuels, Chemicals and Circularity , and 1.5.3. New energies .

## 2.1. LONG-TERM VALUE CREATION

Consistent with Technip Energies' Purpose 'Breaking boundaries together to engineer a better future', the Group's ambition  is  to  be  recognized  as  a  leader  in  the  energy transition.

chain,  enabling  clients  to  diversify  their  offerings  without diluting returns.

Technip Energies is committed to taking into account climate risk  and  to  contributing  to  adapting  to  climate  change, notably  through  an  offering  which  contributes  to  reducing greenhouse gas effect as well as offsetting carbon emission. Technip Energies has the prerequisite skills, business attributes and strategic drive to help many industries reach their net zero targets. Thanks to its energy transition investments, the Group offers emerging clean energy technologies,  an  array  of  tools  to  lower  traditional  industry emissions and decarbonizing solutions for the global energy

Technip  Energies  has  adopted  a  holistic  approach  which includes  technology,  products,  services  and  project  delivery for the energy transition to create value for all its stakeholders. The Group has refocused its offering to meet the challenges of today and build tomorrow. Its key markets are  now  in  gas  and  low  carbon  energies,  sustainable  fuels and  chemicals,  circularity,  carbon  capture  utilization  and sequestration, with a cross-border portfolio of solutions from consulting to digital and technologies.

Technip Energies believes that its Values help underpin value creation.

| Value  Examples of how our Values contribute to value creation  We actively listen  Technip  Energies  early  engagement  with  its  partners  and  clients,  whether  by  delivering  consulting  services  or  pre-FEED  and  FEED  studies  allows  the  Group  to  establish  lasting  relationships,  develop  cutting-edge technologies as well as gain invaluable first-hand experience in the energy technologies  that will shape tomorrow's energy landscape, whether in carbon capture, offshore wind or hydrogen.  Technip Energies is thus positioning itself as a leading company in the energy transition.  We are inclusive and  collaborative  The  Group  actively  works  to  increase  gender  equality  and  diversity,  which  in  turn  will  help  attract  prospective employees. We have set an objective of hiring women graduates representing at least 50%  of our entry-level intake. This objective was reached in 2021 and exceeded in 2022 with 52% of young  graduates being women. 'We know diversity brings innovation and creativity, and that gender diversity  leads to other forms of diversity too. It's not just about our reputation - we're doing it because we  believe it's the right thing to do. We want everyone to reach their full potential with us and our actions  need to reflect our words.' [Magali Castano SVP, People &amp; Culture]. In doing so Technip Energies is  able to attract a greater talent pool.  We strive for  excellence  The development of Technip Energies' employees is critical to the Group's success. This is essential for  Technip  Energies  to  continue  to  win  and  grow  leading  positions  and  expertise  to  meet  the  energy  transition  challenges.  T.EN  University  will  be  launched  in  2023.  It  will  be  structured  around  six  domains:  Technology,  Project  Management,  Digital,  Commercial,  Management  &amp;  Leadership  and  Culture. This will be another tool to position our workforce and our business to address the challenges  of bringing new solutions to reach net zero emissions.  We drive sustainable  change  The Group is focused on deepening its collaboration with Shell on its Cansolv technology for carbon  capture and the pioneering work in LNG with projects such as North Field East in Qatar, which are  examples of how Technip Energies is contributing to decarbonizing industry and energy production.  Technip  Energies  also  provides  solutions  in  hydrogen  with  BlueH2  by  T.EN  TM  or,  for  decarbonizing  transportation, by partnering with NESTE on its NexBTL technology, which produces renewable diesel.  We don't compromise  on safety and integrity  Once  it  became  clear  that  continuing  presence  in  Russia  following  the  invasion  in  Ukraine  would  represent an unacceptable risk for its employees we decided to repatriate all of our teams. The Group  has a zero tolerance for corruption, believes in fair competition, rejects any form of human slavery,  protects  personal  data  and  human  rights  and  encourages  its  employees  to  speak  up.  Technip  Energies' world-class compliance program which is designed on a risk-based approach with a focus  on anti-bribery and corruption trade controls, data privacy and human rights ensures that the Group  remains well within the limits of all applicable laws. This demonstrates our commitment to safety and  integrity  which  in  turn  results  in  trust  with  all  stakeholders,  whether  they  be  clients,  employees,  contractors or governmental authorities.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group never compromises on its Values, no matter the circumstances. Also see section 1.2.2. Our Values.

Our ESG roadmap has also been designed to help us accelerate our clients' ambition for low-carbon energy transition and deliver a robust financial performance.

## 2.1.1. SELECTIVITY AND PROJECT EXECUTION

Long-term  value creation at Technip Energies is  made possible through strict selectivity criteria, world-class project management and execution capabilities. The Group's selective  approach  includes  early  engagement,  technology know-how including proprietary technology, stakeholder management  as  well  as  60  years  of  successful  project execution around  the  world. The  Group  also  bases  its selectivity on carbon-based metrics, compliance and governance standards.

Technip Energies believes in early engagement as a route to define  and  optimize  a  project  scope.  This  is  where  the Company is the most capable of proposing optimized designs and  best  solutions  technology  choices,  whether  utilizing proprietary  technologies  or  alliance  partner  technologies. Early engagement also helps define specifications to reduce overall investment  cost  and  de-risk  a  project  up-front. Ultimately, this  ensures  economic  viability  and  sets  for successful project execution to benefit both external stakeholders and Technip Energies.

Technip Energies is also enhancing its robust project execution capabilities through to operating centers established around the globe, allowing a collaborative project delivery model. See section 2.2.2. Project Delivery.

Technip Energies has the willingness and discipline to walk away  from  a  prospect  if  the  project  risks  or  contractual terms and conditions do not meet selectivity principles. The Company's  commitment  to  maintaining  such  discipline  will enable  it  to  consistently  generate  value  from  its  Project Delivery portfolio over the long term.

Selectivity is also a factor in respect of the geographies we are engaged in. While larger contracts which are included in our  backlog  may  give  prominence  to  a  limited  number  of countries  in  any  given  year,  our  backlog  is  being  constantly replenished and geographic concentration will therefore vary considerably  from  year  to  year.  Revenue  concentration  can be  markedly  lower  than  backlog  concentration  in  any  given year due to timing of project execution and revenue recognition.  In the medium to long-term the growth of our TPS businesses is going to expand our portfolio by inclusion of a larger number of diverse contracts which are expected to  be  more  geographically  diverse.  In  terms  of  short-term developments during 2022 please refer to 1.6. Key events .

## 2.1.2.  BUILDING A SUSTAINABLE ENERGY TRANSITION BUSINESS

The Group's strategy is to drive change within the energy mix towards cleaner and more  affordable energies. Technip Energies believes it is its role to help the world achieve net zero  carbon  emissions  by  applying  its  skills  to  decarbonize the  global  energy  value  chain.  Current  initiatives  combined with  its  flexible  operating  model  will  allow  the  Group  to unlock the energy chains of tomorrow and gain share in high growth markets.

Technip Energies has outstanding energy molecule transformation  skills  and  engineering  capabilities,  allowing the  Group  to  define  the  optimal  architectural  design  from energy  source  to  energy  demand.  The  Group  integrates complex technologies to match project needs and determine the best economics. These are often technologies proprietary to  Technip Energies, but alliance partners' technologies can also  be  integrated.  This  flexible  operating  model  provides many  avenues  to  be  successful  in  the  energy  transition markets.

Navigating the energy transition, the Company is equipped to address  key  growth  markets  including  carbon  capture  and utilization and sequestration, low carbon hydrogen, renewable fuels and sustainable chemicals, plastic and waste recycling  and  renewable  or  low-carbon  energies  such  as floating offshore wind.

Thus,  Technip  Energies  brings  differentiation  by  developing, scaling  up  and  delivering  new  solutions  and  technologies  in an economical manner, driving higher value for the Company and its customers.

The world requires an energy system that balances affordability, availability, and sustainability. As such, there is an  urgent  need  for  increased  investment  and  accelerated project  development,  with  particular  emphasis  on  natural gas, LNG, and low-to-zero carbon solutions. This also includes the critical task of decarbonizing traditional industries. For Technip Energies, this market reality is evidenced by two key trends: a strong TPS order with notable awards in renewable fuels and ethylene which reinforces the revenue growth trajectory of TPS, our highest margin segment; and the material growth in our commercial pipeline for  Project  Delivery  with  substantial  early  engagement  in energy transition prospects, including LNG, as well as decarbonizing traditional markets.

## 2.1.3.  GROWING TECHNOLOGY, PRODUCTS &amp; SERVICES

Technip  Energies' ambition is to develop  and  grow  its Technology, Products &amp; Services (' TPS ') segment. This segment consists of higher-value revenue streams and offers a  different  risk  profile  compared  to  the  Project  Delivery segment, while also delivering premium margins. The objective is to increase the Company's valuation over time as well as align the growing energy transition opportunity set.

This growth can be achieved via different routes. Organically, we can grow higher-value services and advisory lines notably through consulting &amp; products under the T.EN X - Consulting &amp;  Products brand. The aim is to capture a greater share of existing  markets  and  to  allow  the  Group  to  diversify  into adjacent  markets  such  as  pure  consulting  services  and emerging  spaces.  Technip  Energies  technology  positioning and proprietary equipment offering can be enhanced through innovation, as well as through inorganic additions by way of partnerships or acquisitions.

Our businesses offer complementary and offsetting revenue and risk profiles, with the combination of longer cycle Project Delivery with value accretive TPS providing an ideal blend for the Company to be successful across energy cycles.

<!-- image -->

20

LONG-TERM VALUE CREATION

## Project Delivery &amp; TPS offer complementary and offsetting risk and business profiles

<!-- image -->

## 2.1.4.  TECHNOLOGY &amp; INNOVATION

The purpose of Technip Energies' technology and innovation activities  is  to  improve  existing  technologies,  products,  and services, and to create new and differentiated products and services that meet growing customer needs. Technology and innovation  are  at  the  heart  of  Technip  Energies'  strategy under  the  direction  of  its  Chief  Technology  Officer,  Dr.  Cai, who  is also a member  of  Technip  Energies' Executive Committee.

' Technip Energies' ambition is to transition from being an EPC company  with  technology  to  a  technology  company  with strong EPC capabilities. To me, this means building upon our strengths and amplifying our technology DNA .' Wei Cai, Chief Technology Officer

The goal of research and development (' R&amp;D ')  is  to  deliver new  technologies,  products,  and  services  to  propel  the growth  of  our  business  and  to  enable  Technip  Energies  to become a leader in the energy transition. Technip Energies' investment in technology and innovation is being redirected to enable a decarbonized energy system and its  R&amp;D programs cover the development of solutions for low-carbon and carbon-free energies, hydrogen and derivatives, sustainable fuels, chemistry and circularity. Depending on the nature  and  maturity  of  the  technology  addressed  by  a development, its output allows Technip Energies to maintain and improve its competitiveness in the marketplace, to bring new  products  and  solutions  to  expand  beyond  the  current market offering, or to create new business models altogether to meet new demands.

Through  a  combination  of  approaches  including  improved process  efficiency,  process  electrification,  fuel  substitution, and carbon capture, decarbonized technologies enable Technip Energies' customers to reduce the carbon footprint of their process and operations in existing and new facilities. One of our objectives is also to develop a recycle or green solution for each of the process technologies we offer.

In addition to decarbonize Technip Energies' process technologies, a substantial portion of innovation activities is focused on the advancement and commercialization of lowcarbon or carbon-free solutions, such as renewable fuels and sustainable  chemicals,  carbon  dioxide  management,  clean hydrogen and derivatives, and floating offshore wind.

Technip Energies' R&amp;D process is developed and maintained by  the  Technology  and  Innovation  ('T&amp;I')  organization.  It starts  with  technology  roadmaps,  which  are  the  result  of collaboration  among  corporate  strategy  and  all  business lines.  These  roadmaps  feed  into  and  align  with  Technip Energies'  business  strategy.  R&amp;D  programs  are  then  defined accordingly.

Technip Energies has set up a team of Technology Portfolio Leaders within the T&amp;I organization, for each of the following focus areas:

- ■ LNG and gas processing;
- ■ hydrogen and derivatives;
- ■ carbon capture, storage, and utilization;
- ■ sustainable fuels, chemicals and circularity; and
- ■ offshore.

All R&amp;D activities fall under these portfolios and are executed by  Technip  Energies'  technical  talent  across  the  Operating Centers. The heads of technology provide oversight and drive the  execution  of  R&amp;D  programs  across  global  technology centers.  This  R&amp;D  process  allows  our  global  teams  to  work effectively  to  advance  technologies  at  different  levels  of maturity.

## 2.1.4.1. Technology &amp; Innovation Footprint

Innovation is central to our success, with our laboratory and engineering centers working to add strength to our technology offering. Technip Energy's technologies and innovation footprint includes:

- ■ a  laboratory  in  Weymouth,  MA,  United  States,  which focuses  on  testing  and  developing  process  technologies used in petrochemical, and sustainable chemical applications.  The  facility  operates  fully  automated  pilot plants that test catalysts and gather design data required to scale-up processes to commercialization. This expertise allows us to accurately evaluate a technology to determine its technical and economic viability;
- ■ a  laboratory  in  Frankfurt,  Germany,  which  is  focused  on polymer, sustainable chemistry and plastic waste recycling.  The  Frankfurt  laboratory  develops  and  pilots polymer recipes and processes and has the key expertise to  demonstrate  new  sustainable  chemical  and  polymer solutions;
- ■ a  burner  test  facility  in  Rotterdam,  The  Netherlands, where  we  demonstrate  our  low  nitrogen  oxides  (NOx) burners  with  low  carbon  fuels  for  use  in  fired  heaters, Steam Reformers and Ethylene Furnaces. We have successfully  fired  our  burners  with  pure  hydrogen  fuel. This is an important step in decarbonizing existing industrial facilities;

## 2.1.4.2. Open innovation

Open  Innovation with industry partners and technology startups also represents a substantial portion of our Technology &amp; Innovation portfolio.  These  collaborations  and partnerships bring together unique and complementary expertise and accelerate the development and commercialization of new technology solutions.

New technology collaborations are established through existing relationships within the industry as well as through partnerships with academia and research institutions. Some examples include:

- ■ collaboration with Clariant for the development and commercialization  of  various  catalytic  technologies  such as  EARTH ® and  acrylonitrile.  EARTH ®   development  was launched in 2018 and has been selected for a number of commercial projects. The acrylonitrile pilot plant is located in our Weymouth laboratory and has concluded its first successful demonstration runs;
- ■ collaboration with Siemens in the development and commercialization of a Rotary Olefin Cracker (ROC) which is a step-out technology in decarbonizing ethylene production, enabling electrification of the process  at higher process efficiency and productivity;
- ■ work  carried out with BTG  Bioliquids B.V., on joint engineering, procurement and modular construction based on its Fast Pyrolysis Bio-Oil technology. The first commercial plants were completed in 2021;
- ■ a  joint  venture  with  IBM  and  Under  Armour  for  the development and marketing of PET recycling and upgrading technology. The technology, which is based on intellectual property originated with IBM, is being developed in our Frankfurt facility;
- ■ several  projects  for  Hummingbird®  ethanol  to  ethylene technology (including LanzaJet's SAF plant at the Freedom Pines Fuel site in Soperton, USA). The technology was acquired from BP and has successfully moved to the commercial stage, with catalyst performance and improvement  work  being  carried  out  in  our  Weymouth facility;

LONG-TERM VALUE CREATION

- ■ a laboratory located at Southern Petrochemical Industries Corporation Limited's (SPIC) fertilizer complex in Tuticorin (Tamil-Nadu, India) hosting a Technip Energies laboratory pilot  testing  facility  for  phosphoric  acid.  The  laboratory focuses on phosphoric acid pilot testing operation and is backed by a SPIC fertilizer complex central laboratory for analysis.  With  more  than  570  phosphates  analyzed  or tested  and  more  than  1,300  test  runs,  Technip  Energies' laboratory pilot testing facility is a key tool for designing phosphoric  acid  and  phosphates  units  and  evaluate  the performance  of  phosphate  rocks  feedstock  within  the process. More than 80 units have been designed from lab tests  performed  on  Technip  Energies'  laboratory  pilot testing facility.  The  facility  is  used  to  design  new  plants, assist producers for production performance improvement and  to  develop  new  technology  solutions  for  phosphoric acid and phosphate products;
- ■ engineering and technology development centers in various  worldwide  locations.  The  diverse  expertise  and proximity to markets and access to technology partnerships add significant strength to Technip Energies' Technology &amp; Innovation and R&amp;D efforts.
- ■ collaboration  with  Agilyx  for  development  of  polystyrene recycling technology, combining  Agilyx's technology  in waste  conversion  with  Technip  Energies'  expertise  in styrene and polystyrene integration;
- ■ membership in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's (MIT) Industrial Liaison Program through our Boston office with the aim of sourcing development and commercialization  opportunities  in  energy  transition  and which allows interaction with the startup community;
- ■ affiliate member of the Stanford Energy Corporate Affiliates (SECA) Hydrogen Initiative which fosters interaction with other energy community  participants including  webinars,  workshops  and  specific  research  in the field of hydrogen;
- ■ collaboration with the Commissariat à l'énergie atomique et  aux  énergies  alternatives in  France  on  innovation  and technology since 2011, with the current focus being energy transition and digital;
- ■ our India operating center has collaborated with institutes such as the Indian Institute of Petroleum (IIP) at Dehradun, the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) at Bangalore  and  the  Indian  Institute  of  Technology  (IIT)  in Bombay  as  well  as  highly  respected  R&amp;D  centers  of several  major  Indian  corporations,  including  Indian  Oil Corporation  Ltd  R&amp;D,  Bharat  Petroleum  Corporation  Ltd. R&amp;D and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd. R&amp;D;
- ■ collaboration with Synova in mixed plastic waste recycling, combining waste conversion technology with solutions to integrate  recycled  products  into  industrial  applications; and;
- ■ collaboration with Carbios in demonstrating its enzyme based polyester recycling technology.

<!-- image -->

20

LONG-TERM VALUE CREATION

<!-- image -->

## 2.1.4.3. Digital

## A core enabler for sustainable and profitable business performance

Technip  Energies  has  a  long  experience  in  executing  digital projects in order to increase efficiency and productivity and create  new  business  opportunities.  As  the  energy  industry undergoes its most significant transformation to date, digital is  now  much  more  than  an  opportunity  for  increasingly efficient and flawless operations. Digital solutions are accelerating the transition to carbon-free energy and decarbonizing industry.

Technip Energies has the ambition of fully embracing digital capabilities  as  a  core  enabler  of  sustainable  and  profitable business  performance,  including  revenue  growth,  improved internal efficiency, enhanced collaboration across the entire value chain and creation of new business models.

Technip Energies has increased its R&amp;D focus to develop new technologies  that  support  the  energy  transition.  Technip Energies delivers value to clients by supporting the complete plant lifecycle, providing a competitive advantage for conceptual optimization, project performance, and operational excellence.

This  has  led  Technip  Energies  to  define  a  digital  roadmap which is focused on:

- ■ delivering  solutions  based  on  software  and  services  to provide  more  value  to  the  industry  and  generate  new revenues;
- ■ increasing operational efficiency through process automation;
- ■ boosting decision-making by processing data;
- ■ creating a partners'  ecosystem with key actors to foster innovation; and
- ■ investing in people by training and hiring talents.

## A data-driven company

Rigorous,  well-used  data  can  drastically  increase  efficiency and boost decision making in all Technip Energies operations. For engineering and technology organizations such as Technip  Energies,  achieving  this  requires  a  shift  from  a document- and tool-centric approach to a fully data-centric approach  built  around  processes.  In  practice,  this  means streamlining all dataflows and connecting all key applications with  the  relevant  digital  infrastructure  across  the  group, thereby  creating  a  single  source  of  information  that  all stakeholders can access, enrich, and utilize.

To  support  its  ambition,  Technip  Energies  has  defined  a corporate  data  organization  with  a  data  office  in  charge  of data culture, data governance, data strategy and data valorization, and a data management and architecture team in charge of the data platform and use cases industrialization.

Key data organizational principles:

- ■ successful digital businesses require a data-literate workforce and data-driven culture. Our Data Office promotes literacy within the Company through communities, awareness and training programs.
- ■ we  share  common  values  around  data  that  have  been summarized in a Data Manifesto.
- ■ data  governance  is  the  collection  of  processes,  roles, policies, and standards that we use to optimize our use of data. We have built a data governance framework around twelve data domains, defined for each a data management roadmap and are currently deploying a data catalog  tool  to  complete  an  inventory  of,  and  share knowledge on, our strategic data assets.
- ■ the  core  components  of  our  data  platform  combine  a cloud-based  data  lake,  MDM  (Master  Data  Management), analytics  &amp;  BI  (Business  Intelligence),  data  science  &amp;  ML (Machine Learning) tools, and bringing together high

## 2.1.4.4. Intellectual Property

We own a number of patents, trademarks and licenses that are cumulatively important to our business. However, we do not  believe  that  any  single  patent,  or  group  of  related patents, is currently of material importance in relation to our business as a whole. As part of our ongoing technology and innovation  and  R&amp;D  focus,  we  seek  patents  for  patentable aspects  of  our  new  products,  product  improvements  and related  service  innovations,  when  and  where  we  determine patent  protection  will  provide  meaningful  value  to  Technip Energies and its business.

We  hold  390  patent  families  comprising  more  than  3,000 patents globally. We license intellectual property rights to or from third parties.

## 2.1.5.  OUR FINANCIAL FRAMEWORK

Our financial framework was designed to provide a basis for long-term value creation for our shareholders:

- ■ Technip  Energies'  differentiated  hybrid  model  with  its complementary  long  and  short  cycle  business  segments (Project  Delivery  and  Technology,  Products  &amp;  Services) provides the ideal blend to drive robust financials across energy cycles;
- ■ owing  to  our  large  backlog  and  extensive  commercial pipeline, we have excellent visibility in terms of revenues and margins with a proven ability to insulate the Company against the various cycles that the energy industry experiences over time;
- ■ our  contracting  discipline  and  operating  model  delivers positive cash flows throughout a project's lifecycle enabling  an  early  cash  conversion  of  earnings,  securing future project execution as well as providing flexibility and reliability for our capital allocation;
- ■ we are an asset-light business with limited CAPEX - our assets are primarily our people, processes and technologies -thereby ensuring high cash-flow conversion, flexibility in our operating models, as well as an  ability  to  invest  for  increased  value  creation  rather than safeguarding of fixed assets;
- ■ our business model is also supported by a robust balance sheet  with  strong  liquidity  and  limited  leverage  which should enable us to implement sustainable capital allocation principles over the long term; and

LONG-TERM VALUE CREATION

performance capabilities to deliver end-to-end data analytics.  The  data  platform  is  a  collaborative  space, accessible to our data scientists everywhere in the world.

- ■ data  valorization  is  how  we  generate  savings  or  create new value from data, and how we measure and track this value. Easy access to past project data for smart estimation of future projects, data integration for painless reporting, improved KPI monitoring, and insights for plant performance  management  -  including  greenhouse  gas emissions reduction - powered by new technologies such as  AI  (artificial  intelligence)  are  some  of  the  benefits brought forth by efficient data management.
- ■ during the summer  of  2022, Technip Energies' data strategy has been collectively defined and has led to the identification of new high-impact use cases.

See  sections  2.2.2.1.  One  T.EN  Delivery  and  2.2.2.2.  Early engagement.

We  also  own  numerous  trademarks  and  trade  names  and, have  approximately  61  trademarks  protecting  our  Digital solutions and services, as we all our processes and products.

We attempt to monitor the activities of our competitors and other third parties with respect to their use of our intellectual property. When we deem it appropriate, we will enforce our intellectual property rights against infringements. Similarly,  from  time  to  time  we  receive  allegations  that  we are infringing the intellectual property of others. From time to time, we pursue or defend our position in the appropriate courts if these disputes cannot otherwise be resolved.

- ■ the  Company  is  committed  to  a  balanced  and  flexible capital allocation framework, with three main components,  dividends,  investments  and  balance  sheet strengthening:
- Dividend.  The  Company  intends  to  pay  a  dividend annually  that  is  sustainable  with  potential  for  growth over time,
- Investments. Deploying capital to capture energy transition technologies and opportunities and associated  business  models.  The  Company  is  also investing  in  its  people  through  upskilling  to  ensure readiness for future markets, and
- Balance  sheet  strengthening.  Allowing  utilization  of excess  cash  flow  to  strengthen  balance  sheet  and reserves.

In the aggregate, our financial framework provides the basis for high returns through the cycle, and is fully supportive of a long-term dividend policy commitment  while bestowing flexibility  for  investments  yielding  incremental  growth  and value creation.

<!-- image -->

OUR OFFERING: TECHNOLOGY, PRODUCTS &amp; SERVICES AND PROJECT DELIVERY

## 2.2. OUR OFFERING: TECHNOLOGY, PRODUCTS &amp; SERVICES AND PROJECT DELIVERY

Technip  Energies  is  positioned  on  two  types  of  offerings addressing its key markets (1) Technology Products &amp; Services (' TPS ') and (2) Project Delivery, TPS businesses are shorter cycle and  offset Project Delivery's longer cycle projects. These businesses offer complementary and offsetting risk and business profiles. Each business segments builds  on  complementary  strengths  and  strategies  in  their fields.

- ■ Project  Delivery  projects  have  a  longer  time  horizon  and have  allowed  Technip  Energy  to  ride  out  the  COVID-19 pandemic.
- ■ TPS  businesses  with  their  shorter  time  scale  have  been key in allowing the Company to successfully weather the geopolitical crisis that was caused by Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
- ■ The Group has also set up One T.EN Delivery - a global resource for gathering and managing talents and capabilities. One T.EN Delivery delivers projects via operating centers established around the globe. One T.EN Delivery  ensures  excellence  in  execution  and  accelerates the adoption of digital solutions which are critical not only for large projects but also for the smaller projects characterizing the energy transition markets. See section  2.2.2.1.  for  additional  details  related  to  One  T.EN Delivery.

## 2.2.1.  TECHNOLOGIES, PRODUCTS &amp; SERVICES

Activities within the Technology, Products &amp; Services (' TPS ') segment, encompassing proprietary technologies and equipment, consulting services as well as the sale of products,  are  typically  shorter  cycle  than  those  provided within  Project  Delivery.  Both  segments  have  clear  cross synergies  leveraging  technological  knowledge  and  project execution  capabilities,  TPS  offers  a  differentiated  risk  and reward profile through its proprietary technologies, products and higher value service lines as evidenced by the -140-basis point 2022 profitability difference.

## 2.2.1.1. Technologies

Technip Energies' portfolio of proprietary process technologies provides opportunities for early involvement in projects.  The  Group  develops,  designs,  commercializes,  and integrates a wide range of technologies to complement and expand its  offering.  Technip  Energies  has  experience  in  the commercial  application  of  breakthrough  technologies.  The Company's  differentiating  portfolio  includes  technologies  in gas monetization, refining, petrochemicals &amp; fertilizers, hydrogen and sustainable chemistry. This includes:

- ■ in  gas  monetization,  the  Company  has  experienced  in delivering  plants  using  Sasol's  'Slurry  Phase  Distillate' technology.  Technip  Energies  has  provided  FEED  for  the Fischer-Tropsch section of more than 60% of commercial coal-to-liquids and GTL capacity worldwide;
- ■ in hydrogen the Group owns a Steam Methane Reforming (SMR) technology, for which Technip Energies has installed approximately 30% of worldwide capacity and is the leader;
- ■ in low-carbon hydrogen and associated derivatives, Technip Energies offers cost-optimal, high-efficiency and reliable production solutions. For instance, providing proven hydrogen technologies and tailored solutions such as Technip Energies Parallel Reformer (TPR ® ) and Enhanced Annular Reforming Tube for Hydrogen (EARTH ® ). The  Company  has  developed  in-house  combustion  and burner  technology,  the  ultra-low  NOx  advanced  LargeScale  Vortex  'LSV ® '  burner,  which  was  recently  tested with 100% hydrogen firing;
- ■ in  refining,  the  Company  has  capabilities  in  maximizing production  of  light  olefins  using  Fluid  Catalytic  cracking, hydrogen,  carbon  dioxide  management,  sulfur  recovery units, water treatment, and zero flaring as well as digital tools such as FAST for plant performance improvement;
- ■ in  petrochemicals  &amp;  fertilizers,  Technip  Energies  has  a portfolio  of  chemical  technologies  thanks  to  technology and  innovation  and  R&amp;D  programs  and  long-standing

TPS is comprised of the following activities:

- ■ Technologies - see section 2.2.1.1.;
- ■ Products (including Loading Systems - see section 2.2.1.2.; and
- ■ Services  consisting  of  man-hours  businesses  (including Genesis consulting and PMC) - see section 2.2.1.3.

partnerships  with  leading  manufacturing  companies  and technology providers;

- ■ Technip Energies is also a leader in the ethylene industry with  a  portfolio  of  150  grassroots  plants  and  a  large number of modernizations. Thanks to a variety of associated proprietary technologies, the Group allows its clients  to  reduce  capital  costs  of  new  furnaces  and  to improve operational efficiency of existing furnaces. Moreover, the furnace technologies contain a wide range of design options for reliable, flexible and highly selective solutions to meet stringent environmental regulations. In parallel,  research  centers  develop  and  test  technologies for  polymer  and  petrochemical  applications,  where  fully automated  pilot  plants  gather  design  data  to  scale-up processes for commercialization. The Group's development programs include designing electric ethylene cracking  furnaces  as  well  as  Rotating  Olefins  Crackers; and
- ■ in sustainable chemistry, Technip Energies has developed or acquired technologies such as first-generation ethanol technology, ethanol to ethylene (Hummingbird technology), glycerol to epichlorohydrin (Epicerol® technology),  and  bio-based/biodegradable  plastics  based on  our  proprietary  Zimmer  technologies.  Amongst  its proprietary technologies, there are T.EN Zimmer polyesters technologies (relating to polyethylene furanoate, plytrimethylene terephthalate, polybutylene adipate teraphtalate and polybutylene succinate). According  to  a  technology  assessment  performed  by Solvay, Epicerol® technology represents an investment of 30% less CAPEX versus traditional propylene-based processes but yields 61% less direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions and represents a 57% decrease in energy consumption.

## 2.2.1.2. Products

Answering the rapid growth of energy demand, productization of plants enables a faster delivery and reduces overall costs, thereby making projects more economically viable for clients. It allows Technip  Energies  to  improve  its  margins  and revenue  mix.  Notably,  through  its  Research  &amp;  Development programs, Technip Energies keeps developing and improving its product portfolio.

## SnapLNG TM

Serving  the  booming  Liquefied  Natural  Gas  (LNG)  market, Technip Energies has developed and commercialized SnapLNG TM , a modularized and fully electrified solution for 2 to 3 million tpa LNG trains. SnapLNG™ combines experience in compact modularization, mid-scale liquefaction, high power / high voltage electrification and the management of large modularized projects. The electric version of SnapLNG™,  developed  with  Air  Products,  is  a  productized, functional liquefaction plant  designed  to  minimize  cost, emissions and  schedule. Low  cost  is achieved through standardization, digitalization, assembly in the high productivity environment of specialized module yards and a very substantial reduction of onsite construction man hours.

## Loading Systems

Loading  Systems  provides  land-based  and  marine-based loading and transfer systems services to oil &amp; gas, petrochemical, chemical and decarbonization industries using articulated  rigid  loading  arms  and  swivel  joint  technologies. While its marine systems are typically constructed on a fixed jetty platform, the Company has developed - and is now the leader in - advanced loading systems that can be mounted on a vessel or offshore structure. This facilitates ship-to-ship and tandem loading and offloading operations in open seas or exposed locations. Loading Systems has pioneered cryogenic loading arms necessary for the transport of liquefied  gases  such  as  LNG,  emergency  release  systems (ERS) and quick connect/disconnect couplings (QC/DC). Technip  Energies'  patented  technology  can  be  applied  in exposed  locations to enable offloading  with  permanent movements,  helping  clients  reduce  costs  for  breakwater. Loading Systems has also developed the first electric marine loading arm, the first automatic connection and the EasyDrive, an enhanced solution to improve the manipulation and connection of the arm. The Company has also delivered the  world's  first  CO2  loading  arms  for  an  iconic  project  in Norway. Technip Energies is developing products and services,  including  digital  solutions,  to  help  the  industry address  the  energy  transition.  The  Group  keeps  investing significantly in technology and innovation in order to support customers with the best products and services.

The Group's worldwide service network consists of professionals based in locations across the globe who ensure a  close,  personal  approach  to  each  client  to  meet  their needs. Loading Systems' services include:

- ■ highly  trained  field  service  technicians  for  installation, commissioning and maintenance;
- ■ preventive maintenance inspections;
- ■ modular or tailor-made training programs;
- ■ large  range  of  supplies  for  new  and  long-lived  systems spare parts;
- ■ upgrade, repair and revamp expertise; and
- ■ digital  services  solutions  (e.g.  remote  inspections  with connected glasses).

<!-- image -->

20

## VALUE CREATION, BUSINESSES AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

OUR OFFERING: TECHNOLOGY, PRODUCTS &amp; SERVICES AND PROJECT DELIVERY

## Digital offering

To accelerate its digital transformation and leverage in-house capabilities in developing and integrating differentiating software  for  its  customers,  Technip  Energies  launched  its Digital Services Factory in 2021, with agile product development teams to scale up and develop new solutions. Our  Digital  Factory  is  now  fully  operational  with  several applications fully developed and in production.

<!-- image -->

Our  digital  offering  includes  Spyro®  a  cloud-based  service available to operators for purposes of improving the performance of ethylene plants. Ultra Front End™ (UFE™), a digital solution to reduce the carbon footprint of all projects and operations, is another example of a digital service that we offer to our clients.

## initiative supported by the Digital Services Factory

- It facilitates the initial field development conceptual phases
- It generates and compares options from the first inception of a project to ensure maximum value is realized
- Proven process provides confidence that the optimum development option has been selected

<!-- image -->

Reduce impact of changes to project

## Clarity in decisions

Unlock value in development

Intuitive client interface

Technip Energies also delivers digital products such as Plant Operator Digital Simulator (PODS), a 3D solution to improve the safety of on-site operations.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Customer Business values

- Improve operations safety by improving operator training
- Reduce Opex by reducing time on site and accelerating access to information

## TEN Business values

- Improve project design review
- Generate cash flow for digital business with a leading market technology
- Improve TEN visibility on digital business with robust marketing capabilities

## Technical Differentiator

- Agnostic of 3D model
- Connection to digital twin and life data
- Physical engine, performance and graphical quality

## INO15 floater

Technip Energies has developed the INO15™ floater technology  for  the  Floating  Offshore  Wind  business.  This cost-competitive  product  sets  Technip  Energies  as  a  key player in floating offshore wind projects worldwide.

## 2.2.1.3. Services

Leveraging  on  its  project  delivery  expertise  and  know-how, Technip  Energies  aims  to  further  develop  and  promote  its services offering. These offers allow Technip Energies to be positioned  along  the  whole  value  chain,  from  inception  to plant operations:

- ■ the Group is offering early engineering services, embedded in the T.EN X - Consulting &amp; Products brand. These early engineering studies notably Conceptual Studies, pre-FEED and  FEED  are  proposed  not  only  as  a  pull-through  for project  delivery  but  also  to  grant  Technip  Energies  an early access to clients;
- ■ using its EPC know-how  and  de-risking its activity, Technip Energies is offering Engineering  Procurement Services and Construction Management (EPsCm) in various markets;
- ■ the  Group  provides  Operations  &amp;  Maintenance  (O&amp;M) services for any type of energy-related assets. By leveraging  on  the  Group's  advanced  digital  expertise,  it allows  the  Company  to  pursue  smarter  ways  to  design, build,  monitor  and  optimize  the  performance  of  assets. With this type of services, Technip Energies is positioned itself on a longer-term business cycle. Plant performance services ensure the Company's technologies and products reach  their  full  potential  during  the  operations  phase  of the plant.

## Genesis

Within T.EN X - Consulting &amp; Products, a cross-market brand regrouping different offerings (including consulting and products) that by nature can serve multiple markets. Genesis is a market-leading consulting services business focused on providing high-value advisory services to the energy industry. It offers a unique combination of techno-economic, environmental  and  strategic  consulting  services,  allowing partners to make the most sustainable investments.

For more than 30 years, through early engagement, Genesis has  been  supporting  clients  to  develop  key  energy  projects across  the  world.  This  support  is  proving  to  be  ever  more valuable as the energy transition journey raises many constraints and uncertainties. With Genesis' unique expertise and  experience,  the  Company  identifies  and  helps  develop sustainable  solutions  through  early  advisory,  development and asset lifecycle services.

Genesis' mission is to be the trusted advisor of companies in their transition journey.

Genesis has capitalized on its strong ESG consulting capability  and  technical  know-how  to  advise  its  clients towards net zero and assist them in developing projects with the best energy efficiency to environmental impact ratio. To support  this  aim,  and  through  its  growing  digital  capability, Genesis  has  developed  its  proprietary  Gen-CAT™  tool  that focuses on carbon assessment and carbon emissions management and studying the lifecycle assessment of clients' facilities. The software is modeling the overall environmental  impact  of  a  given  plant  throughout  its  life cycle, and assisting clients to improve the energy efficiency of  their  operations.  A  component  of  its  Ultra  Front  End™ Suite (UFE™), it enables a greater level of collaboration with customers as they evaluate their asset development opportunities. Looking forward, Genesis aims to combine its deep  technical  knowledge  with  a  new  strategic  consulting offer to provide more holistic business advice to clients and to diversify into new sectors.

Genesis' early engagement supports Technip Energies brand recognition in diverse markets,  with  varied clients,  and provides  an  opportunity  for  pull-through  of  additional  work streams for Technip Energies.

## Project Management Consultancy (PMC)

Capitalizing on project management  core  competencies, Technip Energies' Project Management Consultancy provides a  range  of  project  management  consulting  services.  PMC services allow the Group's clients to achieve investment and safety objectives, as well as de-risk execution from technology  selection  to  final  delivery.  This  work  is  typically delivered on a reimbursable basis, providing the Group with a high-value and low-risk stream.

Furthermore,  PMC  grants  Technip  Energies  early  access  to clients  in  the  initial  stages  of  their  projects  by  providing services focused on implementation of transparent, auditable governance  processes,  thereby  enabling  such  projects  to build  a  positive  international  reputation  and  improve  their bankability. Technip Energies' PMC serves clients in multiple sectors including oil &amp; gas, energy transition, mining &amp; metals, fertilizer, infrastructure through early engagement until asset commissioning, operations, and maintenance.

Technip  Energies  has  grown  its  PMC  business  organically from a standing start ten years ago. The Company has now carried  out  approximately  13  million  man-hours  working  for its customers, including large roll-on projects such as Petronas' Refinery and Petrochemical Integrated Development  in  Malaysia.  Recent  activity  levels  have  been approximately  1.5  million  man-hours  a  year,  and  the  Group aims to double this over the medium term.

<!-- image -->

OUR OFFERING: TECHNOLOGY, PRODUCTS &amp; SERVICES AND PROJECT DELIVERY

## 2.2.1.4. Major TPS highlights in 2022

Listed below are the key TPS highlights for 2022.

## Key TPS Operational highlights

## Q4 2022

Shell Skyline Ethylene Furnace Revamp Engineering,

## Procurement and module Fabrication (Netherlands)

Second batch of modules arrived in the Netherlands.

## Neste Renewable Fuels Expansion (Singapore)

Mechanical  completion  and  handover  to  customer  of  the entire project achieved in December 2022.

## Neste Renewable Products Refinery Expansion Capacity Growth Project, Rotterdam (Netherlands)

Civil work started in December 2022.

## Neste Renewable Products Refinery Expansion - Site Development Project, Rotterdam (Netherlands)

500,000 manhours achieved without LTI celebrated in November 2022.

## CPChem / QatarEnergy Golden Triangle Polymers project (USA)

60% model review is complete. Procurement is well advanced.

## Q3 2022

## Neste Renewable Fuels Expansion (Singapore)

Project is completed in phases and several parts have been handed  over  to  Neste  while  all  the  remaining  construction activities will be completed before end of 2022.

## Shell Skyline Ethylene Furnace Revamp EPF (Netherlands)

First modules shipped to the Netherlands. Second shipment to leave yard by end of October.

## bp Greater Tortue Ahmeyim FPSO (offshore Senegal / Mauritania)

On the Hub/FLNG interface of the project, Loading Systems completes major installation; the largest ever manufactured loading arms are equipped with our 'Easy Drive' technology.

## Q2 2022

## Deepak Phenolics - Iso-propyl Alcohol (IPA) plant (India)

Our Badger technology is used for Deepak Phenolics' second IPA plant in Dahej, India.

## Northern Lights CO2 Transport and Storage Project (Norway)

Loading  Systems  achieves  successful  Factory  Acceptance Tests  on  the  world's  first  3  loading  arms  for  the  Liquefied CO2 storage project.

## LFB Arras (France)

First phase of high-profile plasma fractionation pharmaceutical project is nearing completion, with the second  phase  underway.  Combined,  both  phases  represent 2.5 million direct manhours on site.

## Q1 2022

## Fast Pyrolysis Bio-oil (FPBO) project for Pyrocell AB (Sweden)

In  partnership with BTG Bioliquids, completion and start-up of pyrolysis plant to produce bio-oil from sawdust.

## ZPC ethylene cracker (China)

Performance  tests  passed  on  mega  ethylene  cracker  plant based on Technip Energies' proprietary technology and process design.

## Channelview Carbon Emission Reduction LyondellBasell's (USA)

Genesis  to  support  LyondellBasell  on  efforts  to  reduce  its carbon footprint at its Channelview, TX site in North America to advance a low-carbon economy - a key milestone for the company.

## Key TPS Commercial highlights

## Q4 2022

## ExxonMobil's Baytown Blue H2 (USA)

Technip  Energies  awarded  a  FEED  contract  for  the  world's largest low-carbon hydrogen project for ExxonMobil in Baytown,  Texas,  USA.  The  integrated  complex  will  produce approximately one billion cubic feet of low-carbon hydrogen per  day  and  capture  more  than  98%,  or  around  7  million metric  tonnes  per  year  of  the  associated  CO2  emissions, making it the largest project of its kind in the world. Technip Energies  has  strong  experience  in  blue  hydrogen  projects which  remove  carbon  and  replace  natural  gas  or  other higher-carbon  fuels  with  low-carbon  hydrogen  to  support decarbonization. As a result, Scope 1 and 2 emissions from the Baytown complex can be reduced by up to 30%.

## Kuwait Oil Company PMC (Kuwait)

Technip Energies awarded  a large contract for Project Management Consultancy by Kuwait Oil Company (KOC). The five year framework agreement contract covers FEED, project management, and associated services for KOC's major projects. This contract represents a renewal of the first fiveyear  framework  agreement  that  was  awarded  to  Technip Energies by KOC in 2014.

## CPChem / QatarEnergy Golden Triangle Polymers Ethane Cracker (USA)

Technip  Energies  awarded  a  contract  for  the  supply  of proprietary  cracking  furnaces  for  the  2,000  kilo  tonnes  per annum  ethane  cracker  for  the  Golden  Triangle  Polymers project,  a  joint  venture  between  Chevron  Phillips  Chemical (CPChem) and QatarEnergy, along the Gulf Coast in Orange, Texas. This latest award is in line with our early engagement strategy with CPChem and QatarEnergy, which resulted in the selection of our proprietary ethylene technology and includes the successful completion  of the ethylene license  and Process Design Package. The modularized cracking furnaces will  feature  seven  of  the  largest  capacity  furnaces  that Technip Energies has ever designed. The cracker is designed using modern emissions reduction technology and processes that  result  in  lower  greenhouse  gas  emissions  than  similar facilities  in  the  United  States  and  Europe.  This  contract award represents  over  €250  million  of  revenue  for  Technip Energies.

## TotalEnergies Grandpuits Zero-Crude Platform (France)

Technip Energies awarded a contract by TotalEnergies for the production of Sustainable Aviation Fuels (SAF) at Grandpuits platform  in  France.  This  contract  covers  the  Engineering, Procurement  services  and  Construction  assistance  for  the conversion  of  the  Grandpuits  refinery  into  a  zero-crude platform  oriented  towards  SAF.  Once  in  operation,  this facility will have the capacity to produce 210,000 tonnes per year of SAF from sustainable feedstock such as used cooking oil and animal fat.

## Renexia Med Wind Project (Italy)

Technip  Energies  awarded  a  FEED  by  Renexia  for  the  Med Wind floating offshore wind project, located in the Mediterranean Sea, 60 kilometers off the west coast of Sicily. The scope of work covers the FEED  for 190 floating foundations  and  moorings  for  the  wind  turbines  and  the conceptual design for the floating offshore sub-stations. The design  of  the  floating  foundation  will  be  based  on  Technip Energies'  proprietary  floater  technology  INO15™,  a  threecolumn semi-submersible floater that is well suited to large series production. The Med  Wind  project will have an installed  power  capacity  of  2.8  GW,  which  is  equivalent  to powering more than 3 million Italian households.

## Infinite Green Hydrogen Production Project (Australia )

Technip  Energies  awarded  a  FEED  by  Infinite  Green  Energy Ltd  for  their  MEG-HP1  Early  Production  Facility,  a  10  MW green  hydrogen  production  project  in  Northam,  Western Australia. MEG-HP1 Early Production Facility will be powered by  the  Northam  Solar  Farm,  located  approximately  100 kilometres east of Perth. The 10 MW  green hydrogen production  facility  will  be  located  in  close  proximity  to  the solar  farm  and  will  produce  up  to  4.3  tonnes  per  day. Hydrogen production offtake is focused on the heavy transport  sector,  targeting  back-to-base  logistics  operators and local governments with in-depot refueling.

## Uniper's H2Maasvlakte 100 MW green hydrogen project (Netherlands)

Technip  Energies  awarded  FEED  by  Uniper.  As  part  of  the scope of work, a multidisciplinary team from Technip Energies will deliver the full FEED package, including a design for  a  large-scale  water  electrolysis  system,  the  balance  of plant  as  well  as  site  integration.  A  milestone  that  brings Uniper`s  flagship  hydrogen  project  in  the  Netherlands  one important  step  closer  to  realization.  H2Maasvlakte  aims  to gradually scale up to a total electrolysis capacity of 500 MW for green hydrogen by 2030. The first 100 MW is scheduled to be  commissioned  in  2025.  Uniper's  flagship  H2Maasvlakte project will make a very important contribution to the Dutch government's goal of building 500 MW  of electrolyzer capacity for green hydrogen by 2025 and achieving 3-4 GW by 2030.

## Collaboration with Baker Hughes on a 1 to 2 Mtpa range modularized LNG solution

Technip Energies and Baker Hughes, announced a Memorandum of Understanding that sets the groundwork for their cooperation on the joint development of a new above 1 and up to 2 million tonnes per annum range LNG modularized  solution  for  the  onshore  market.  With  the ambition to reduce time-to-market for LNG to meet today's energy  demand,  this  joint  development  aims  to  provide  an additional offering to the two companies' respective proprietary LNG  modularized  solutions: Baker Hughes'  1 million  tonnes  per  annum  range  LNG  Mid-scale  Modular Solution, with a production capacity of 0.8 to 1 million tonnes per  annum,  and  Technip  Energies'  'SnapLNGTM'  with  a production capacity of 2 to 3 million tonnes per annum. The agreement  builds  on  their  long-standing  collaboration  and proven  track  record  of  executing  LNG  projects,  recognizing the important growth in mid-size LNG as demand increases for  modular  LNG  projects  capable  of  generating  more  gas capacity.

## Q3 2022

## INEOS' ethylene Project One cracker (Belgium)

Awarded  a  large(1)  contract  for  the  proprietary  equipment supply  for  INEOS  Olefins  Belgium  NV's  1,450  kiloton  per annum ethane cracker in Antwerp, Belgium. This latest award is in line with our early engagement strategy and consolidates the successful completion  of  the  Ethylene License  and  extended  FEED  previously  awarded  to  Technip Energies  by  INEOS.  The  cracker  is  designed  using  Technip Energies'  latest  enhancement  on  technologies  to  achieve  a CO2  footprint  less  than  50%  of  the  best  10%  of  European crackers. The furnaces are modularized and designed to fire high hydrogen fuel, and to transition to 100% hydrogen firing in  the  future,  in  addition  to  the  plant  being  carbon  capture ready. The plant design maximizes the use of modularization, using Technip Energies' extensive experience in modularized LNG projects.

## Gray Whale 3 Floating Offshore Wind Project (South Korea)

Awarded a FEED in consortium with Subsea 7 and Samkang M&amp;T  by  Corio  Generation  and  TotalEnergies  for  their  Ulsan Gray  Whale  3  Offshore  Windfarm  project,  located  offshore the  East  Coast  of  South  Korea.  The  FEED  contract  covers engineering  for  the  floater,  mooring,  and  inter-array  cable (IAC) in collaboration with a wind turbine supplier. The design of  the  floating  foundation  will  include  Technip  Energies'  inhouse  floater  technology  INO15™.  With  a  capacity  of  15 megawatts,  INO15™  technology  is  a  three  columns  semisubmersible  floater  which  is  well  suited  for  large  series production.  Gray  Whale  3,  aiming  to  develop  a  504  MW floating offshore wind farm located around 60 to 70 kilometers from Onsan Port in Ulsan, is one of three offshore wind projects with a total installed capacity of 1.5 gigawatts that  Corio  Generation  and  TotalEnergies  are  promoting  off the coast of Ulsan.

## License of first Blue H₂ by T.EN™ plant to LG Chem (South Korea)

Technip  Energies  announces  that  LG  Chem  selected  our proprietary  blue  hydrogen  technology  to  supply  its  Daesan complex  in  South  Korea.  The  Blue  H2  by  T.EN™  hydrogen plant will capture a significant amount of carbon dioxide, and reduce  carbon  emissions  from  the  petrochemical  complex. LG  Chem  intends  to  utilize  the  captured  CO2.  The  56,000 Nm 3 /h capacity hydrogen plant will utilize Technip Energies' proprietary steam reforming technology to convert methanerich offgas from the naphtha cracking process into hydrogen. The hydrogen plant will include a selective catalytic reduction (SCR) unit for control of NOx emissions. The new hydrogen  unit  will  be  integrated  with  LG  Chem's  naphtha cracking  complex  (NCC)  to  allow  LG  Chem  to  convert  the petrochemical pyrolysis complex to a more sustainable lowcarbon process.

## Acquisition of Biosuccinium® technology for biosourced and fully biodegradable polymers production

This  acquisition  from  DSM  adds  a  technology  solution  to Technip  Energie's  growing  sustainable  chemicals  portfolio. This technology synergizes with recently developed proprietary biopolymer technologies and provides a commercially  referenced  production  of  bio-based  succinic acid (bio-SAc) that serves as feedstock for the production of polybutylene succinate (PBS). PBS itself is fully biodegradable

<!-- image -->

and,  if  based  on  bio-SAc,  is  an  ideal  bio-based  sustainable packaging material for food contact applications. It addresses consumers' and governments' concerns for better materials with  lower  carbon  footprints  and  environmental  impacts. Biosuccinium®  technology  will  be  the  only  technology  for production of bio-based succinic acid to be licensed on the market.

## Advance technology collaboration with Agilyx with the launch of TruStyrenyx™ for chemical recycling of polystyrene

TruStyrenyx™  brand  is  the  only  all-in-one  solution  for  the chemical  recycling  of  polystyrene.  TruStyrenyx™  combines Agilyx's  pyrolysis  process  and  Technip  Energies  purification technology, yielding a recycled styrene monomer with exceptional  high  purity.  Styrene  monomer  is  used  to  make numerous plastics and other polymers. It is one of the three primary components of ABS (acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene), can make the pure polymer polystyrene, and is an ingredient in  various  synthetic  rubbers.  This  launch  follows  successful results  from  pilot  plant  testing  conducted  on  difficult-torecycle  waste  polystyrene,  including  flame-retardant-laden waste polystyrene.

## Q2 2022

## IVERSON efuels green ammonia production project (Norway)

Selected  to  perform  the  engineering  design  of  a  complete green ammonia plant at Sauda, Rogaland, Norway. Phase 1 of the project includes a green ammonia  plant including utilities,  offsites  and  electrical  substation  connected  to  the existing  power  grid,  and  pipeline,  ammonia  storage  and offloading  system.  The  planned  green  ammonia  production will  be  used  as  fuel  for  the  maritime  sector.  The  Iverson project will have  an  initial electrolysis capacity  of  300 megawatts to produce 600 metric tonnes of green ammonia per day. IVERSON eFuels AS targets with a significant scaleup  production  in  the  future.  IVERSON  eFuels  AS  is  Special Purpose Vehicle between CIP, Hy2gen and Trafigura.

## ExxonMobil LaBarge carbon capture &amp; storage facility (USA)

In  Consortium  with  Saulsbury  Industries,  Technip  Energies has been awarded a contract for the Engineering, Procurement  and  Construction  (EPC)  to  expand  the  carbon capture and storage (CCS) at ExxonMobil's LaBarge, Wyoming facility.  The  LaBarge  plant  has  already  captured  more  CO2 than any other facility in the world. The plant has capacity to capture more than 6 million metric tonnes per year, and this expansion project will enable the capture of more than one million additional metric tonnes of CO2 per year. The expansion  will  consist  of  a  modification  of  the  existing  gas treatment  facility  to  increase  the  carbon  capture  capacity and the installation  of  pipeline  to  transport  the  CO2  to  the reservoir  where  it  will  be  stored.  Technip  Energies  will  be responsible  for  the  engineering  and  procurement  services, while Saulsbury Industries will perform construction and the pipeline installation.

## Viridian Lithium - lithium refining and conversion project (France)

Bankable Feasibility Study (BFS) contract for construction of the  first  lithium  refining  and  conversion  plant  in  Europe. Located in Lauterbourg, France, the plant will produce up to 100,000 tonnes of Battery Grade lithium chemicals per year which is the equivalent capacity to power two million electric vehicles - to enable a secure and sustainable battery supply chain  for  the  transition  to  electric  mobility.  The  contract consists of a BFS and preferential rights on the construction of the plant and its three foreseen extensions.

## Commercial launch of GO.H₂ by T.EN™ - a full suite of flexible solutions for offshore green hydrogen production

This suite of solutions - based on renewable power sources such  as  wind  and  solar  -  is  flexible  with  building  blocks tailored to meet clients' needs depending on substructures, hydrogen  products  and  derivatives  produced,  functionality and locations. The offshore facility can be a fixed structure or  a  floater.  The  green  hydrogen  is  produced  using  a  sea water desalination unit, followed by electrolysis and exported to  shore  by  a  transport  pipeline  or  offloaded  on  a  carrier vessel. For harsher environments, the substructure can be a spar or a semi-submersible. For high capacities and further from shore, the hydrogen is converted by adding an ammonia or a Liquid Organic Hydrogen  Carrier (LOHC) unit and transferred  to  a  floating  storage  and  offloading  vessel.  By adding hydrogen storage and fuel cells, the facility ensures a stable  and  continuous  power  supply  for  electrified  oil  and gas facilities powered by wind turbines. For smaller capacities,  the  systems  can  be  located  on  the  floating offshore wind substructure or on the substation. Intermittency  management  is  addressed  from  design  phase through adequate system architecture and technology bricks, power  and  hydrogen storage and control strategies. In operations,  an  energy  management  system  (EMS)  enables online  production  optimization  through  predictive  control models.

## Joint development and collaboration agreement with Alterra Energy to jointly develop sustainable plastics projects

Agreement to integrate Alterra's commercially available liquefaction process technology with Technip Energies' pyrolysis oil purification technology to maximize adoption of recycled  feedstock  and  improve  circular  economy  solutions for  the  global  petrochemical  industry.  The  combination  of advanced recycling and purification technologies enable more efficient  processing  and  reuse  of  hard-to-recycle  plastic. Alterra  provides  an  innovative,  patented,  thermochemical liquefaction, converting hard-to-recycle plastic into pyrolysis based oil ('PyOil'). Technip Energies brings extensive knowledge  of  ethylene  furnace  and  steam  cracker  design, preparation and purification of heavy feedstocks for refining and petrochemical facilities, all of which is combined in their Pure.rOil™ purification technology ensuring safe, reliable and an optimized integration with individual crackers. The combination  of  both  companies'  solutions  ensures  Alterra's recycled PyOil is drop-in ready feedstock to further accelerate  the  replacement  of  hydrocarbon-based  oil  with recycled  feedstock  in  the  production  of  new  plastic-based materials.

## Q1 2022

## Participation in record €200 million investment in green hydrogen pioneer Hy2gen AG

Hy2gen AG, the green hydrogen investment platform, will use the capital raised for the construction of facilities in several geographies  including  Europe,  producing  green  hydrogenbased  fuels  -  or  'e-fuels'  -  for  maritime  and  ground transport, aviation and industrial applications. The investment  is  led  by  Hy24  together  with  Mirova,  CDPQ  and strategic investor Technip Energies.

## Investment in Floating Offshore Wind Company X1 Wind

Technip Energies, as lead investor in this funding round, has acquired  a  16.3%  stake  in  X1  Wind,  a  renewable  energy startup that has designed  an innovative and  disruptive offshore wind turbine floater with major environmental and operational benefits.

## Asset Purchase Agreement with Iowa Corn Promotion Board (ICPB)

Asset  Purchase  Agreement  under  which  Technip  Energies acquires ICPB's patents, technology, and  rights for the process  technology  to  produce  monoethylene  glycol  (MEG) from surplus corn plant-based feedstocks. Corn-based MEG

is used to produce renewable plastics. Technip Energies will advance the technology development, construct and operate a  pilot  plant  to  commercialize  the  technology  and  make  it available for licensing.

## Technology, Products &amp; Services (TPS) - Adjusted IFRS (1)

| (In € millions)  2022  2021  % Change  Revenue  1,400.6  1,302.8  7.5%  Recurring EBIT  130.0  119.3  9.0%  Recurring EBIT Margin %  9.3%  9.2%  10 bps  (2)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Financial  information  is  presented  under  adjusted  IFRS  framework,  which  records  Technip  Energies'  proportionate  share  of  equity  affiliates  and restates the share related to non-controlling interests (see section 2.3. Operating and financial review), and excludes restructuring expenses, merger and integration costs, and litigation costs.

(2) Basis points.

## 2.2.2.  PROJECT DELIVERY

Project Delivery at Technip Energies combines early engagement, engineering, procurement &amp; supply chain, construction  management  and  commissioning  &amp;  start-up.  It helps  clients  in  modeling  multiple  development  scenarios and project concepts in order to optimize technological and design  specifications  given  the  site,  end-market  and  other constraints and opportunities of specific projects.

reduced  project  execution  risk  and  overall  CAPEX  spend. Adaptive  lifecycle  planning  and  scheduling  also  allow  for tighter  execution  scheduling  and  contribute  to  securing  a lower carbon impact. Thus, being engaged in the early phases of projects, Technip Energies commits to stakeholder management, bringing more value all along the value chain.

Early phase engagement enables the Company to bring value to clients as they can appraise and select the most compatible pre-FEED solution. By focusing on early engagement, Technip Energies offers the potential for

Once the most suitable technology and design solution has been identified, the Company applies its execution capabilities by leveraging on its FEED and EPC services.

Thereafter, Technip Energies has the ability to span the entire value chain:

<!-- image -->

Technip Energies, within its One T.EN Delivery organization, targets a balanced portfolio, applies diversified contract models and has a commercially selective approach. See sections 2.2.2.1. to 2.2.2.9.

<!-- image -->

20

## VALUE CREATION, BUSINESSES AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

OUR OFFERING: TECHNOLOGY, PRODUCTS &amp; SERVICES AND PROJECT DELIVERY

## 2.2.2.1. One T.EN Delivery

One T.EN Delivery ( 'OTD' ) is the global delivery organization of Technip Energies. It supports the Company's offer at the tender, estimation and project execution stages, by calling on the  Group's  operating  centers'  respective  competencies  to respond competitively to business needs. One T.EN Delivery also allows the Company to develop and promote technologies, as well as expands the Company's technological footprint and know-how in the energy transition.

OTD comprises a network of 28 Operating Centers organized under seven Operating center Clusters. Technologies' engineering and Delivery Excellence are part of OTD Organization.

One  T.EN  Delivery's purpose  and  key missions can be summarized as follows:

- ■ focus on delivering projects and proposals;
- ■ perform Engineering, Construction and Project Management  services  for  Company-owned  technologies, capital projects and proprietary equipment;
- ■ develop and preserve the technical knowledge associated to  Technip  Energies-own  technologies  and  proprietary items to foster organic innovation and support technology and innovation and R&amp;D projects;
- ■ manage and develop knowledge, competencies and talents in coordination with People and Culture, and with Technology &amp; Innovation's input;
- ■ develop  and/or  maintain  methods  and  tools  required  to deliver projects, tenders and estimates; and
- ■ balance workload across the Group, drive global allocation of  resources,  project  management  expertise  as  well  as technology integration on complex projects, and optimize staffing and execution scheme in liaison with the Group's divisions.

<!-- image -->

## Digital Transformation

## Operational efficiency

We are continuously improving the way projects are executed by reducing schedules, reducing CAPEX, improving safety, and improving  the  quality  of  the  information  produced.  Digital solutions will also support  reduction of project  carbon footprint  and  a  continuous  monitoring  of  Greenhouse  gas emissions.

As part of the One  T.EN  Global Delivery and  Delivery Excellence  functions,  eProject  participates  in  harmonizing and standardizing processes, methods and tools for our EPC projects.

Technip  Energies  widely  uses  Visual  Intelligence  to  support EPC project execution.

A new service that aims to support project execution through a "field digital twin" built on 20/360 images and point clouds integrated with EPC data.

## facts Key

- Vision computing capabilities supporting main construction activities such as work-front management progress tracking; QC inspection; carry-over works, commissioning and handover
- Suite of integrated tools connecting project stakeholders to anticipate and de-risk execution
- A main step to enable sustainable and digital construction sites
- Already operating for six projects in countries four
- 2,000,000 sqm and 400,000 pictures
- Hundreds of users have access to the field digital twin to pilot construction activities

<!-- image -->

## VALUE CREATION, BUSINESSES AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

OUR OFFERING: TECHNOLOGY, PRODUCTS &amp; SERVICES AND PROJECT DELIVERY

Technip Energies has also developed its own software to manage Construction phases in EPC projects.

<!-- image -->

## Digital ecosystem

Technip  Energies  invests  in  developing  digital  solutions  to anticipate industry needs by closely listening to clients. This leads  us  to  set  up  digital  partnerships  with  key  actors  to deliver best-in-class solutions.

Technip  Energies  is  currently  identifying  opportunities  for creating  or  participating  in  digital  ecosystems,  creating  a long-term strategic plan that leverages ecosystems to accelerate  enterprise  goals  and  building  digital  foundations with  reusable,  modular  components  to  enable  internal  and external  developers  to  co-create  solutions  securely  and efficiently.

## 2.2.2.2. Early engagement

Early engagement with clients is now more than ever a key component of the Group's strategy as acceleration towards a carbon  neutral  economy  is  putting  the  Group's  clients  in  a more  volatile  environment  where  market  knowledge  and speed to development are key. The Company's global footprint  and  60  years  experience  help  Technip  Energies understand its clients' drivers since the very beginning of the project  ideation.  Its  intelligence  on  new  technologies  also allow  it  to  define  the  range  of  possibilities  in  the  clients' net zero ambitions.

At  the  outset  of  engagements  with  clients,  the  Company  is able  to  call  upon  on  its  portfolio  of  process  technologies, whether owned in-house or available through licenses from third  parties.  Technip  Energies  advises  clients  during  the planning  and  development  phases  of  projects,  presenting different alternatives in relation  to  key  elements  for  a project's economics such as lifecycle costs (whether capital expenditure (CAPEX), future upgrades, operating expenditure (OPEX)  or  decommissioning),  expected  production  profiles, flexibility  for  different  future  scenarios,  project  risks  and uncertainties and HSE risk assessment.

Technip Energies in-house Construction application enables the proactive piloting and management of all phases of our construction activities

## facts Key

- Global and standard web-based application for T.EN Projects
- Collaborative platform for Clients, Partners and Subcontractors
- Full control of site activities until final handover to Client
- Enhanced capabilities with mobile applications
- Full integration with 3D for better decision-making
- Powered by built-in Business Intelligence and Al features
- Enables Benchmarking for improved estimation and prediction

<!-- image -->

## People

Building and sustaining a successful digital business requires a shift in mindset and behaviors for the workforce to prosper in the future of work.

- ■ a Data upskilling program has been launched early 2022 to upskill a first cohort of 20 employees into Data Scientists. They will graduate early 2023 and a second cohort is being selected.
- ■ Technip Energies has identified the future company needs for digital skills and the appropriate training and recruitment  plans.  We  are  also  working  on  a  dedicated program to attract new digital talent.

The Company thus defines an optimized project profile. Early engagement may extend to pre-FEED and FEED stages where we  further  assist  our  clients  in  considering  and  developing key aspects of a specific project.

Having  completed  the  early  studies  also  ensure  execution success -the Company no longer takes on EPC responsibilities where  it has  not carried  out  the  FEED studies.  See  section  2.1.1.  Selectivity  and  project  execution. Finally,  early  engagement  positions  the  group  to  better answer  clients'  needs  in  later  phases,  enhancing  the  pullthrough for other services thereby consolidating its presence along all the value chain.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

OUR OFFERING: TECHNOLOGY, PRODUCTS &amp; SERVICES AND PROJECT DELIVERY

## 2.2.2.3. Engineering studies

Technip Energies project-driven capabilities include engineering studies for process, HSE  design, rotating &amp; package equipment, control system &amp; instrumentation, electrical facilities, computing, piping, civil engineering, structural &amp; architectural engineering, information management, document control, cost control and scheduling for  facilities  and  revamps.  Consistent  with  a  data-centric approach,  engineering  studies  are  managed  within  Technip Energies and use powerful proprietary engineering tools and processes.

Depending  on  the  nature  of  the  project  and  the  Group's involvement, some or all of the following engineering studies will be provided:

- ■ Basic  Engineering  Design  (BED),  which  includes  all  basic studies  required  to  support  a  Basic  Engineering  Design Package (BEDP), containing all data needed by a competent  contractor  to  perform  the  detail  engineering. Basic  engineering  studies  may  consist  of  consolidating  a process package initiated by an external process licensor;
- ■ Front  End  Engineering  Design  (FEED)  covers  mechanical data  sheets  of  the  main  equipment,  starting  from  the process specifications issued during the BED and incorporating  the  specific  requirements  of  codes  and standards  to  be  applied  to  the  project.  It  also  includes, amongst  other  items,  the  reparation  of  tender  packages

## 2.2.2.4. Procurement and supply chain

Technip  Energies  has  built  a  strong  group  of  supply  chain professionals who have extensive experience and know-how in sourcing and procurement. This is key in meeting a client's priorities, deadlines, and specifications.

The  Group  has  developed  a  proprietary  e-procurement  tool to manage the entire supply chain from information requests and clarification of offers to purchase orders. Technip Energies also manages procurement execution, logistics operations, supplier quality, and vendor performance.

Sourcing  and  Procurement  is  a  global  function  with  an international  footprint  from  Paris  and  Rome  to  Houston, Delhi  and  Kuala  Lumpur. This enables the leveraging of the supplier base and the providing of services to local operations where the majority of EPC projects are executed. Integrated  corporate  teams  are  organized  to  best  leverage the supply market, managing the majority of the global spend

## 2.2.2.5. Construction management

Construction management is at the core of Technip Energies' competencies and allows to deliver complex projects worldwide, including Coral (Mozambique), Prelude  FLNG (Australia),  Yamal  LNG  (Russia),  the  Midor  Refinery  (Egypt), Etileno XXI (Mexico), Koniambo (New Caledonia), Neste (Singapore), Jubail Refinery (Saudi Arabia) and Aasta Hansteen Spar (Norway).

Construction  is  involved  with  Engineering  and  Procurement since the early phase of projects, thereby putting safety and quality always at the heart of the Company's priorities.

for  the  main  equipment  as  well  as  all  studies  to  be performed  before  ordering  the  main  equipment.  FEED study  facilitates  an  accurate  cost  estimate,  provides  a technical  appendix  to  an  EPC  contract  and  makes  it possible  to  obtain  firm,  reliable  and  comparable  offers. FEED studies also help mitigate the EPC risk by ensuring that there is a comprehensive basis for execution of the EPC  phase  of  the  project.  Due  to  the  Group  selective approach  on  projects,  there  will  be  times  when  Technip Energies will not seek to secure the EPC work. However, by  having  delivered  a  complete  FEED  package,  a  proper foundation has been laid for the successful construction of a project, thereby securing future opportunities to bid on  and  collaborate  on  other  FEED  studies  and  EPC projects; and

- ■ Detailed  Engineering  includes,  among  other  items,  the purchasing  of  equipment  (main  and  bulk)  as  well  as  all required construction documents and drawings up to AFC (Approved  for  Construction)  stage  for  the  construction. Cost  and  schedule  control  are  also  included  within  its scope. Project sequences simulations are also carried out to  anticipate  criticalities  and  priorities  in  the  execution strategy and support the Advanced Work Packaging powered by our proprietary software 4DMS. Startup procedures are also devised at this stage.

as  well  as  the  relationship  with  Technip  Energies  'Top Suppliers'.

Committed  to  stakeholders  management,  Technip  Energies commits to dealing with clients, suppliers, and subcontractors with respect, transparency, and vigilance on human rights. Technip Energies aspires to develop business only with suppliers who comply with our Company's fundamental beliefs. The Group regularly assesses the performance  of  suppliers  to  ensure  that  standards  and expectations in the delivery, quality, and response to supply chain  matters  are  met.  Also,  assessments  are  made  to monitor suppliers' compliance with regulations and guidelines  relating  to  modern  slavery,  sustainability,  human rights, anti-bribery, tax evasion, and data protection, amongst other topics. See section 3.2.2. ESG Policies and Certifications..

Technip Energies designs customized construction strategies to suit the size and complexity of each project. Additionally, the Construction Methods Center drives innovation to continuously  improve  construction  delivery,  by  identifying new technologies, enhancing work processes and construction systems. For instance, the Group has developed and  deployed  a  software  called  EasyPlant™,  an  in-house construction  web-based  application,  managing  the  entire construction lifecycle. Moreover, the Company developed 3D Construction and Workfront Management systems combined with advanced BI (Business Intelligence). allowing to visualize, plan and control all construction activities, supporting Advanced Work Packaging best practices.

## 2.2.2.6. Commissioning and startup

Technip Energies is recognized as a leader in commissioning which is key for ensuring safe plant delivery to clients. The Company's  expertise  covers  home  office  preparatory  works and  site  pre-commissioning,  commissioning,  startup,  initial operation, as well as maintenance and training. The completion  management  system  powered  by  EasyPlant™ allows to control the entire production chain.

## 2.2.2.7. Maintenance engineering and training

Technip  Energies  develops  several  maintenance  programs and  deploys  a  variety  of  integrated  maintenance  tools  and techniques  to  increase  the  probability  that  equipment  or systems will perform correctly over an extended lifecycle.

## 2.2.2.8. Revamping &amp; Repurposing

Reaching  carbon  neutrality  requires  building  new  carbonneutral  facilities  but  also  revamping  or  repurposing  existing assets as existing plants need to see their energy efficiency improved,  as  well  as  their  greenhouse  gases  emissions reduced by notably using greener outputs. Technip Energies has  the  ability  to  offer  its  project  delivery  know-how  for brownfield project execution.

Technip  Energies'  Smooth  Startup  program  identifies  from the  early  engineering  phase  all  corrective  actions  coming from feedback and failure mode analysis with a special focus on the first startup. It aims at minimizing or eliminating the possible  causes  of  unplanned  shutdowns  to  achieve  stable operations  and  production.  In  addition,  pre-startup  safety review is  applied  to  all  projects  to  deliver  a  plant  designed within high standards and started up safely.

These  services  include  specialized  job  training,  customized training  solutions  and  dynamic  operator  training  simulation (OTS).

The  Group  is  also  offering  technologies  to  be  installed  on existing  assets,  increasing  capacity,  conversion,  selectivity, and/or reliability. Technip Energies is offering services completing its repurposing offer from the planning studies to the assistance for operations.

## 2.2.2.9.  Main Project Delivery projects under execution in 2022

Below are some of the main Project Delivery projects in the execution phase (by revenue contribution) during 2022.

## Qatar Energy North Field Expansion (Qatar)

An Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Commissioning  (EPCC)  contract  for  Qatar  Energy  (formerly Qatar Petroleum) executed with our partner for the onshore facilities of the North Field East Project (' NFE '). This project covers the delivery of 4 mega trains, each with a capacity of 8 million tonnes per annum of Liquefied Natural Gas (' LNG '), and  associated  utility  facilities.  It  includes  a  large  Carbon Capture and Sequestration facility, leading to more than 25% reduction  of  greenhouse  gas  emissions  when  compared  to similar LNG facilities. The new facilities will receive approximately 6 billion standard cubic feet per day of feed gas from the eastern sector of Qatar's North Field, which is the largest non-associated  gas  field in the world.  The expansion project will produce approximately 33 million  tonnes  per  annum  of  additional  LNG,  increasing Qatar's  total  production  from  77  to  110  million  tonnes  per annum.

## Sempra LNG Energía Costa Azul (Mexico)

An Engineering, Procurement, and Construction (EPC) contract  by  Sempra  LNG  and  Infraestructura  Energética Nova, S.A.B. de C.V. (IEnova) at their Energía Costa Azul (ECA) liquefied natural gas (LNG) facility in Baja California, Mexico, the  project  will  add  a  natural  gas  liquefaction  facility  with nameplate capacity of 3.25 million tonnes per annum to the existing  regasification  terminal  using  a  compact  and  highefficiency mid-scale LNG design.

This addition will allow for natural gas liquefaction and LNG export  capability  at  the  ECA  LNG  facility,  which  has  been operating as a regasification terminal since 2008. ECA LNG is one of Sempra  LNG's strategically located natural gas liquefaction infrastructure projects currently in development in North America.

## Assiut Hydrocracking Complex (Egypt)

An  EPC  contract  awarded  by  ANOPC  for  this  grass-root project aiming at converting existing ASORC refinery fuel oil to meet growing local demand for cleaner products. Process configurations screening, economic analysis, front end engineering design (FEED) have been performed prior to the award. The hydrocracking unit is designed to produce 47,200 barrels per day.

## Eni Coral Sul FLNG (Mozambique)

An EPCIC (Engineering, Procurement, Construction, Installation and Commissioning) for CORAL FLNG SA executed with our partners for the Coral South FLNG facility. The  floating  liquefied  natural  gas  facility  is  designed  to produce close to 3.4 million tonnes per annum of liquefied natural  gas  and  moored  in  water  depth  of  2,000  meters  in the Area 4, offshore Mozambique.

## Bapco Refinery Expansion (Bahrain)

A  contract  for  the  engineering,  procurement,  construction and commissioning (EPCC) from Bahrain Petroleum Company (Bapco)  for  the  Bapco  Modernization  Program  (BMP).  The project is located on Bahrain's Eastern coast and entails the expansion  of  the  capacity  of  the  existing  Sitra  oil  refinery from 267,000 up to 360,000 barrels per day (BPD), improve energy efficiency, valorization of the heavy part of the crude oil  barrel  (bottom  of  the  barrel),  enhancing  products  slate and meeting environmental compliance.

## bp Greater Tortue Ahmeyim FPSO (offshore Senegal / Mauritania)

An  Engineering,  Procurement,  Construction,  Installation  and Commissioning  (EPCIC)  for  BP  for  a  floating  production storage and offloading unit. The Tortue FPSO will be a newbuild  facility,  spread  moored  in  water  depth  of  120  meters, located  on  the  Mauritania  and  Senegal  maritime  border approximately  40  km  off  the  West  coast  of  Africa.  The Topsides production facilities will be sized to handle ca. 500  MMscfd  of  production  fluids  and  include  fluid reception, gas/liquid separation, gas conditioning, condensate removal and stabilization.

## Long Son Olefins Plant (Vietnam)

A contract for the licensing, engineering, procurement, construction,  commissioning and start-up of Vietnam's first olefins plant on Long Son Island, Ba Ria-Vung Tau province, Vietnam.  Designed  as  a  flexible  feed  cracker,  the  olefins plant  can  utilize  both  naphtha  and  LPG  feeds  to  produce olefins of up to 1.6 million tonnes per year depending on the feedstock  mix.  The  olefins  will  help  meet  Vietnam's  rising demand  for  petrochemical  products.  The  plant  will  also include  proprietary  licensed  units  and  will  be  based  on Technip Energies' proprietary ethylene technology).

## IOCL Paradip PTA Plant (India)

An Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Commissioning  (EPCC)  contract  by  Indian  Oil  Corporation Limited (IOCL) for its Para Xylene (PX) and Purified Terephthalic  Acid  (PTA)  complex  project  at  Paradip,  Orissa, on  the  East  Coast  of  India.  This  EPCC  contract  covers  the delivery of a new 1.2 million tonnes per annum PTA plant and associated facilities.

## MIDOR Refinery Expansion Project (Egypt)

An EPC  contract for Middle East Oil Refinery for the modernization  and  expansion  of  its  existing  complex  near Alexandria, Egypt. This EPC contract covers the

## Project Delivery - Adjusted IFRS

| (In € millions)  2022  2021  % Change  Revenue  5,023.9  5,364.4  (6.3)  %  Recurring EBIT  396.0  342.0  15.8 %  Recurring EBIT Margin %  7.9%  6.4%  150 bps   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Financial information is presented under adjusted IFRS framework, which records Technip Energies' proportionate share of equity affiliates and restates the  share  related  to  non-controlling  interests  (see  section  2.3.  Operating  and  financial  review),  and  excludes  restructuring  expenses,  merger  and integration costs, and litigation costs.

debottlenecking  of  existing  units  as  well  as  the  delivery  of new units including a hydrogen production facility based on our  proprietary  steam  reforming  technology,  as  well  as various  process  units,  interconnecting  offsites  and  utilities. The  modernized  complex  will  exclusively  produce  Euro  V products,  with  a  60%  increase  in  the  refinery's  original capacity to 160,000 barrels per day of crude oil.

## Borouge IV Ethylene Project (UAE)

An  EPC  (Engineering,  Procurement,  Construction)  contract awarded  by  Abu  Dhabi  Polymers  Co.  Ltd  (Borouge)  to  the Consortium  Technip  Energies  -  TARGET  (UAE  Construction Co).  The  new  ethane  cracker  unit  will  be  part  of  the 4 th Olefins and Polyolefins complex expanding Borouge Ruwais plant to approximately 6 MTPA polymer production. Borouge  4  ethane  Cracker  is  designed  to  accommodate  a post-combustion  CO2  capturing  unit  (CCU)  at  a  later  date. Technip Energies won the FEED competition performed prior to the award confirming our technology and its competitiveness.

## Haflsund Oslo Celsio CCS Project (Norway)

A large Engineering, Procurement, Construction (EPC) contract  by  Hafslund  Oslo  Celsio,  the  largest  supplier  of district  heating  in  Norway,  for  a  world-first  carbon  capture and  storage  (CCS)  project  at  the  waste  to  energy  plant located  in  Oslo,  Norway.  The  project  will  be  the  first  fullscale  waste-to-energy plant in the world with CO2 capture. 400,000 tonnes per year of CO2 will be captured, which is the equivalent  of  the  emissions  from  around  200,000  cars  and will reduce Oslo's emissions by 17%. As part of the Longship project,  the  CO2  will  then  be  liquified  and  exported  to Northern Lights which is the first cross-border, open-source CO2 transport and storage infrastructure network. The Carbon  Capture  plant  will  use  the  Shell  CANSOLV®  CO2 Capture System, a state-of-the-art amine-based technology for the capture of CO2 from the flue gas.

## 2.3.  OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

The  following  discussion  and  analysis  should  be  read  in conjunction  with  the  rest  of  this  Annual  Financial  Report, including the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and the auditor's report thereon, which are included in section 8.1 Consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 of this  document.  Except  as  otherwise  stated,  this  Operating and Financial Review is based on the consolidated financial statements,  which  are  prepared  in  accordance  with  the International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRS') as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ('IASB').

Rounding  and  negative  amounts. Certain figures in this document,  including financial data, have been  rounded. Accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be  an  exact  arithmetic  aggregation  of  the  figures  which precede them.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  most numerical figures are presented in millions of euros. For the convenience of the reader of this document, certain numerical  figures  in  this  document  are  rounded  to  the nearest thousand.

## 2.3.1.  BUSINESS OUTLOOK

The combination of world class execution within a long cycle Project  Delivery  business  alongside  a  short-cycle,  margin accretive  TPS  segment  provides  an  ideal  blend  for  Technip Energies  to  deliver  strong  financial  performances  across energy  cycles.  This  has  clearly  been  evidenced  since  the creation  of  Technip  Energies,  where  despite  facing  various stress  tests  including  the  global  pandemic,  supply  chain inflation and logistics constraints, and the outbreak of war in Ukraine, we have demonstrated strong resilience and continued to deliver a robust financial performance, supported by commercial astuteness, strong project execution and a resolute cash focus.

Our  asset-light  business  model  has  enabled  us  to  pivot towards new energy markets that are gathering momentum, and  the  the  strength  of  our  balance  sheet  will  allow  us  to invest  and  convert  frontrunner  positions  in  exciting  growth areas. All this means that Technip Energies is set to thrive in the  energy  transition,  while  we  continue  to  generate  high returns for our shareholders and a sustainable dividend.

The world requires an energy system that balances affordability, availability, and  sustainability -the energy trilemma. As well as the critical need to decarbonize traditional industries utilizing technologies that are ready and scalable today, including carbon capture, there is an urgent need for increased investment and accelerated project development, with particular emphasis on LNG, and low-tozero carbon solutions.

The industry and government policy have stepped up:

- ■ our customers are playing their role through their commitments  to  increased  capital  expenditures,  grow production capacities and decarbonize; and
- ■ government policies are creating the conditions for capital to be deployed in pursuit of net zero goals.

For Technip Energies, this market reality is evidenced by two key trends:

- ■ we have benefited from robust order intake in TPS during 2022, driving a 63% step change in segment backlog yearover-year,  with  notable  awards  in  renewable  fuels,  with the  Rotterdam  expansion  services  award  for  Neste,  and the ethylene proprietary equipment awards for Ineos and

The percentages (as a percentage of revenues or costs and period-on-period percentage changes) presented in the textual  financial  disclosure  in  this  document  are  derived directly  from  the  financial  information  contained  in  the consolidated financial statements. Such percentages may be computed using the numerical figures expressed in millions of euros in the consolidated financial statements. Therefore, such  percentages  are  not  calculated  on  the  basis  of  the financial information in the textual disclosure that has been subjected to rounding adjustments in this document.

In tables, negative amounts are shown between brackets.

Currency. All  references  in  this  section  to  '€'  are  to  the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty  on  the  functioning  of  the  European  Community,  as amended from time to time. All references to '$' are to the lawful currency of the U.S.

for  the  Golden  Triangle  project  which  reinforces  the revenue growth trajectory of our highest margin segment. TPS  is  a  strategic  growth  segment  for  Technip  Energies and  we  continue  to  enhance  our  position  in  the  value chain. Beyond ethylene, markets are supportive, notably in decarbonization,  clean  hydrogen  and  many  other  energy transition themes; and

- ■ through a significant expansion in both front-end engagement and commercial pipeline supporting a future acceleration in Project Delivery orders. The energy sector is  now  entering  a  multi-year  expansion  phase,  which  is necessary  to  address  the  energy  trilemma.  Against  this backdrop,  our  energy  transition  commercial  pipeline  has more than doubled compared to the position at FY 2021 results. There are two main factors  driving this:
- LNG  -  we  expect  global  gas  and  LNG  markets  to remain  strong in  2023  and  beyond,  supported  by further demand  growth in Europe and recovering demand from China. Our current front-end engagement is  very high and we are active on up to 10 global LNG prospects, and we expect final investment decisions to materialize  through  2023  and  2024.  Furthermore  we believe we are aligned with high-quality prospects with strong economic foundations across different geographies  including  the  Middle  East,  North  America and  Africa, and  we  will retain our discipline  and selectivity as we look to secure the right prospects in 2023  and  beyond.  Furthermore,  we  are  strengthening our  leadership  through  the  development  of  mid-scale offerings,  including  SnapLNG,  as  well  as  the  solution under development with Baker Hughes. These solutions enable  accelerated  time-to-market  and  decarbonized production, and are totally relevant as we expect midscale to account for as much as 30-40% of the future LNG market, and
- energy  transition  opportunities,  excluding  LNG,  which are  accelerating  with  a  more  than  doubling  of  the commercial  pipeline since the start of  2022  with notable  prospects  in  market  areas  of  blue  products (hydrogen,  ammonia etc), efuels, carbon management, and bio-refineries.

<!-- image -->

20

## VALUE CREATION, BUSINESSES AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

These  trends  fit  very  well  within  our  strategy  and  are supportive  of  a  sustained  improvement  in  orders  over  the next two years.

Furthermore,  we  intend  to  sustain  growth  in  our  accretive TPS  business  segment.  While  the  substantial  growth  in backlog through 2022 provides natural support to our trajectory, we will reinforce our ambition by:

- ■ expanding  our  labs  and  investing  into  new  technology centers;
- ■ deploying ethylene of the future, and piloting new circularity technologies; and
- ■ expanding  our  range  of  services  through  digital,  advisory and consultancy.
- ■ a  proprietary  range  of  solutions  and  products  for  CCUS from pilot to large scale; and
- ■ in the power-to-X market, we  are developing  more integrated solutions to overcome some of the challenges related  to  green  hydrogen,  green  ammonia  and  e-fuels markets.

As we look ahead, we believe that T.EN is uniquely positioned to be the bridge between electron and molecule.

In summary, very strong business momentum is reinforced by a  positive  commercial outlook across our end markets. The increased  investment  and  development  is  enabling  us  to prepare our future core and enhance our value proposition in high growth markets. All this is enabling Technip Energies to deliver on our purpose to engineer a sustainable future.

This increased investment and development is enabling us to prepare our future core. During 2023, we will introduce:

We provided on March 2, 2023, the following financial guidance for 2023:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

EBIT MARGIN()

6.7%-7.299

Financial information is presented under adjusted IFRS (see section 2.3.3).

(1) Adjusted recurring EBIT: adjusted profit before net financial expense and income taxes adjusted for items considered as non-recurring.

For 2023, we are guiding to full company Adjusted Revenues in a range of €5.7 to €6.2 billion. This includes an expected contribution from Arctic LNG 2, where we anticipate completing a full contractual exit from the project within the first  half  of  2023.  The  significant  expansion  in  TPS  backlog supports continued revenue momentum, while the anticipated  strength  in  order  intake  in  Project  Delivery  in 2023 / 2024 will likely drive growth beyond 2023.

For Adjusted Recurring EBIT, we expect a margin of 6.7% to 7.2%.  The  low-end  of  this  range  is  consistent  with  the framework we outlined at our Capital Markets Day in January 2021. The  consistency  and  quality  of our portfolio  and strength in execution fully supports our margin outlook.

The key drivers influencing margin are as follows:

- ■ the strategic growth focus on TPS is expected to sustain momentum in our highest-margin segment. TPS generated year-over-year  backlog  growth  of  63%  in  2022  -  we expect this to convert to a higher rate of revenue growth in 2023 versus 2022. TPS profitability remained strong and at 9.3% in 2022;
- ■ Project Delivery should benefit from a balanced blend of earlier stage (such as Qatar NFE and Borouge 4) and later stage  projects  (such  as  MIDOR  and  Longson)  maturities within  our  portfolio.  With  continued  confidence  in  our execution, we continue to expect solid margin contribution notwithstanding the end of contribution from Yamal LNG, where we successfully concluded the warranty phase during 2022; and
- ■ we  will  continue  to  benefit  from  our  SG&amp;A  cost  base reduction and lean cost structure.

Below  the  Adjusted  Recurring  EBIT  line,  the  rising  interest rates environment around the world will benefit us thanks to the  large  cash  position  on  our  balance  sheet.  This  benefit started to materialize in H2 2022 with higher interest income on  our  deposits.  Assuming  no  material  change  to  interest rates, we should receive a full-year benefit in 2023.

Finally,  we  expect  an  effective  tax  rate  -  on  an  adjusted basis - in the range of 26% to 30%, benefiting from a more favorable mix of earnings from lower tax jurisdictions, as well as a reduction in French corporation tax.

<!-- image -->

EFFECTIVE TAX RATE 26-30%

## Medium-term financial framework

Confirming strong revenue growth potential and stability in margin outlook

<!-- image -->

Financial information is presented under an adjusted IFRS framework, which records Technip Energies' proportionate share of equity affiliates and  restates  the  share  related  to  non-controlling  interests  (see  Appendix  9.0  of  FY  2022  Results  Release),  and  excludes  restructuring expenses, merger and integration costs, and litigation costs.

(1) Adjusted recurring EBIT: adjusted profit before net financial expense and income taxes adjusted for items considered as non-recurring.

In  the  medium-term,  we  see  a  positive  financial  outlook based  on  the  strength  of  our  backlog,  a  rich  and  diverse commercial opportunity set and the active deployment of our strategy.

For Project Delivery, we anticipate:

- ■ revenues in the €5.0 to €6.0 billion range;
- ■ while customer final investment decisions are not wholly in our control from a timing perspective, we nonetheless have confidence in improving order intake trends based on the maturity of our front-end engagement pipeline, particularly in LNG and energy transition;
- ■ we also expect to sustain best-in-class profitability in the 6.5% - 7.5% range due to the quality of our backlog, our discipline and selectivity when targeting new awards, and our excellence in execution.

The Technology Products &amp; Services segment is targeted for strategic growth:

- ■ we see revenues trending to a level of around €2 billion;
- ■ while  the  growth  in  segment  backlog  provides  natural support  to  our  trajectory,  we  have  additional  levers  to drive the growth - this includes investment, where we are targeting to spend 1% of total company revenue on R&amp;D to expand our range of technologies and enable new commercial  offerings  to  be  launched.  This  will  support greater penetration of fast-growing energy transition markets;
- ■ we are also targeting improved TPS segment profitability with  adjusted  recurring  EBIT  of  more  than  10%  as  the revenue mix evolves towards higher value, accretive activities.

Overall,  our  medium-term  framework  confirms  the  revenue growth and attractive margin potential at Technip Energies.

## Additional context related to Russia and Arctic LNG 2

During the third quarter of 2022, an Exit Framework Agreement  relating  to  the  Arctic  LNG  2  Project  was  signed with the client. We are currently implementing the terms of this agreement, and we anticipate completing this process in the first half of 2023. Our orderly exit from Arctic LNG 2 in Russia  is  thus  progressing  well.  All  operational  personnel have been demobilized from the project during 2022.

We do not expect any negative net financial  exposure  as  a result of our exit from Arctic LNG 2.

## Other Considerations

As relates to upcoming financing activity, as the Company's 1.125%  senior  unsecured  notes  have  a  term  of  2028,  the Company  has  flexibility  for  purposes  of  considering  future financing  requirements.  See  Note  22.  Debt  (long  and  shortterm)  to  section  8.1.  Consolidated  financial  statements  for the year ended December 31, 2022.

In terms of recruiting, the Company foresees a net intake of 2,500 new hires in 2023, approximately 20% of which would be recent graduates.

## 2.3.2.  CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

## Components of results of operations

## Revenue

The  Company's  principal  revenue  streams  originate  from either  Project  Delivery  activities  or  Technology,  Products  &amp; Services  activities,  which  correspond  to  Technip  Energies' two operating segments.

The Project Delivery segment provides comprehensive engineering, procurement and construction delivery capabilities globally. The Company's key capabilities leverage its operational and technical excellence as a global provider of  engineering,  procurement  and  construction  services  for the  markets  described  in  the  introductory  chapter  of  this Annual Report under section 1.5 Our Markets -from traditional to emerging. EPC contracts are undertaken under various  contractual  schemes  and  include  fixed  lump-sum, reimbursable and hybrid contracting models based on selectivity and risk assessment work carried out by Technip Energies' teams during the early engagement phases.

The activities  within  the  Company's  Technology,  Products  &amp; Services businesses are more versatile, combining proprietary technologies  with  associated  licensing  fees  and  equipment such as LNG Loading Arms and associated knowledge-based services into a global business for ethylene, refining, petrochemicals, inorganic and specialty chemicals as well as gas monetization. From technology definition, early engagement through scope definition, advanced technologies and  project  lifecycle  support,  the  Company  works  closely with  clients  to  provide  the  optimal  approach  to  maximize their  return  on  investment.  Consulting  and  services  may  be provided  under  the  Company's  specialist  consulting  brand, Genesis,  or  through  the  Company's  Project  Management Consulting or engineering services businesses.

See sections 2.2.1. Technologies, Products &amp; Services and  2.2.2  Project  Delivery  for  more  detailed  descriptions  of the capabilities of both business segments.

## Cost of sales

The  principal  components  of  the  Company's  cost  of  sales include:  (i)  contract  procurement  and  sub-contract  costs, (ii)  staff  costs  on  contracts,  including  salaries,  bonuses, benefits and share-based compensation expense and facilities  costs,  and  (iii)  rental,  utilities  and  maintenance costs.

## Selling, general and administrative expense

Selling expenses primarily consist of costs incurred to win a contract  including  commercial  teams  costs,  studies  for  the bidding  process,  tender  preparation  costs  and  advertising expenses.

General and administrative expenses consist mainly of salaries,  bonuses,  benefits  and  share-based  compensation expense for the Company's management and administrative employees,  professional  services  fees,  office  facilities  and other support overhead costs.

## Research and development expense

Research and development expenses include direct personnel,  material,  and  service  costs  as  well  as  certain indirect and other costs incurred in research and development activities.

## Impairment, restructuring and other expense

Impairment, restructuring and other expense consist of oneoff  costs  incurred  mainly  related  to  impairment  on  leased offices, severance and separation costs.

## Other operating income (expense), net

Other operating income (expense), net, mostly reflects foreign currency gains and losses, including gains and losses associated with the remeasurement of net cash positions.

## Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees

Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees reflects the  Company's  percentage  share  of  operating  results  from equity method  investments. This typically represents a portion of project revenue  for those projects that the Company performs as part of a joint venture and where it is a minority participant in the project joint venture.

## Financial income (expense), net

Financial income (expense), net, mainly includes revaluation of  Yamal  Joint  Venture  Partners'  MRL  based  on  revised profitability  estimates  of  the  project.  To  a  lesser  extent, financial income (expense), net also comprises net proceeds from deposits of cash and cash equivalents.

## Income tax (expense)/profit

Income  tax (expense)/profit reflects  management's  best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid,  including current and deferred income taxes.

The Company's effective tax rate can fluctuate depending on the applicable country's mix of earnings, which may change based on changes in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates.

## Recent significant transactions

The comparability of the year-to-year results of the Company's operations can be significantly affected by acquisitions  and  divestments  and  other  transactions.  The transactions of significance during 2022 and 2021 are described below.

## Significant transactions in 2022

The  Group  did  not  have  any  significant  acquisitions  and divestitures  during  the  twelve  months  ended  December  31, 2022.

## Results of operations

The tables below set out the results of operations of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Revenue  6,282.3  6,433.7  Costs and expenses  Cost of sales  (5,398.0)  (5,521.4)  Selling, general and administrative expense  (327.4)  (300.7)  Research and development expense  (49.5)  (38.6)  Impairment, restructuring and other expense  (1.4)  (32.0)  Other operating income (expense), net  (2.1)  15.0  Operating profit (loss)  503.9  556.0  Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees  78.1  33.1  Profit (loss) before financial expense, net and income tax  582.0  589.1  Financial income  48.0  16.6  Financial expense  (188.2)  (218.4)  Profit (loss) before income tax  441.8  387.3  Income tax (expense)/profit  (127.6)  (126.7)  Net profit (loss)  314.2  260.6  Net (profit) loss attributable to non-controlling interests  (13.5)  (16.0)  NET PROFIT (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO TECHNIP ENERGIES GROUP  300.7  244.6   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Significant transactions in 2021

On April 27, 2021, the Technip Energies Group's participation in  Inocean  AS  was  increased  to  100%  by  acquiring  the remaining 49% of Inocean AS that the Group did not already own for €2.0 million. Inocean AS was already fully consolidated.

The carrying amount of non-controlling interest, at the date of acquisition, was €0.5 million.

The Group did not have any other significant acquisitions and divestitures  during  the  twelve  months  ended  December  31, 2021.

## Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021

## Revenue

The Company's revenue decreased by 2.4%, or €151.4 million, to €6,282.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from €6,433.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to lower activity on Arctic LNG 2, partially compensated by the ramp-up  of  major  LNG  and  downstream  projects  in  the  Project  Delivery  segment  and  Technology,  Products  &amp;  Services benefiting from a strong momentum in terms of order intake captured in 2022.

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  % Change  Project Delivery  4,884.3  5,132.5  (4.8)  %  Technology, Products &amp; Services  1,398.0  1,301.2  7.4 %  TOTAL REVENUE  6,282.3  6,433.7  (2.4)  %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Project  Delivery  revenues  decreased  by  4.8%,  due  to  lower activity on Arctic LNG 2 where our orderly exit on the project was confirmed by the exit framework agreement signed with the client (with a full exit anticipated to be completed within the  first  half  of  2023).  It  is  partially  compensated  by  the ramp-up of major LNG and downstream projects.

The increase  in  Technology,  Products  &amp;  Services  by  7.4%  is driven by growth in services and process technology activities, including licensing, proprietary equipment (notably for PBAT, a biodegradable polymer, and  ethylene), and sustainable chemistry. It continued to benefit from a sustained period of strong order intake.

In  terms  of  geographic  location,  the  increase  in  revenue  is primarily  attributable  to  the  Africa  &amp;  Middle  East  and  Asia Pacific regions. The following table sets forth our revenue by geographic location for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022 and 2021.

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  % Change  Europe &amp; Russia  2,240.7  3,592.5  (37.6)  %  Africa &amp; Middle East  2,378.9  1,394.0  70.7 %  Asia Pacific  1,039.7  867.9  19.8 %  Americas  623.0  579.3  7.5 %  TOTAL REVENUE  6,282.3  6,433.7  (2.4)  %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our  revenue  in  Europe  &amp;  Russia  decreased  by  37.6%  to €2,240.7  million  mainly  due  to  Arctic  LNG  2  following  the signed exit framework agreement and a portfolio of projects progressing towards completion. This is partially compensated  by  Africa  &amp;  Middle  East  revenues  that  have increased  by  70.7%,  or  €984.9  million,  mainly  due  to  the higher  contribution  of  Qatar  North  Field  Expansion  LNG project and downstream activities.

Asia  Pacific  revenue  increased  by  19.8%  or  €171.8  million, mainly due to execution of downstream  projects, and Americas revenue increased by 7.5% or €43.7 million primarily driven by the ramp-up of LNG activities.

## Cost of sales

Cost  of  sales  decreased  by  2.2%,  or  €123.4  million,  to €5,398.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from €5,521.4  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021.  The decrease is directly related to the evolution of the projects detailed above under 'Revenue' part.

## Selling, general and administrative expense

Selling,  general  and  administrative  expense  increased  by 8.9%, or €26.7 million, to €327.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from €300.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to a foreign exchange impact and an increase  of  tendering  activities  in  line  with  the  Group's strategy of market expansion and diversification.

## Research and development expense

Research  and  development  expense  increased  by  28.2%,  or €10.9 million, to €49.5 million for the year ended December  31,  2022,  from  €38.6  million  for  the  year  ended December  31,  2021,  with  a  continuous  focus  on  proprietary technologies'  development  in  the  energy  transition  domain, such  as  hydrogen,  carbon  management,  floating  offshore wind  as  well  as  in  sustainable  chemistry  and  circularity.  In addition, investments continued on digitalization initiatives to enhance project delivery and services capability.

For  further  information  on  the  Company's  innovation  and research and development activities, see section 2.1.4. Technology &amp; Innovation.

## Impairment, restructuring and other expense

Impairment,  restructuring  and  other  expense  decreased  by 95.6%, or €30.6 million, to an expense of 1.4 million for the year  ended  December  31,  2022,  from  an  expense  of  €32.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to impairment costs on buildings leased, severance costs and expired  risks  in  2022,  partially  offset  by  an  increase  of  the separation costs linked to 2021 Spin-off activities.

## Other operating income (expense), net

Other  operating  income  (expense),  net,  decreased  by  €17.1 million  to  a  net  expense  of  €2.1  million  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2022 from a net income of €15.0 million for the year  ended  December  31,  2021.  The  decrease  is  mainly coming from the variation of foreign currency (loss) gain.

## Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees

Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees increased  by  €45.0  million,  to  €78.1  million  for  the  year ended  December  31,  2022  from  €33.1  million  for  the  year ended December 31, 2021. Most of the variation between 2021 and 2022 is explained by the ramp-up of Qatar Energy North Field  Expansion  project  and  achievement  of  milestones  on the project Coral FLNG.

## Financial income (expense), net

Financial expense, net decreased by 30.5%, or €61.6 million, to €140.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from a  net  expense  of  €201.8  million  in  2021.  The  variation  is explained  by  the  increase  in  interest  incomes  from  cash deposit which benefited from  higher interest rates, and from a lower redeemable financial liability fair value measurement compared to last year.

## Order Intake and Backlog

Order  Intake  represents  the  estimated  sales  value  of  confirmed  customer  orders  received  during  the  reporting  period.  For service or consulting contracts in which the customer is charged a fixed rate based on the time spent this corresponds to the value transferred to the customer, the Company recognizing Order Intake when it has the right to invoice as service has been rendered.

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Order intake  3,668.4  10,383.3   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Order Intake as of December 31, 2022 decreased by €6,714.9 million compared to December 31, 2021, mainly due to the postyear major LNG award effect from Qatar North Field Expansion, partially compensated by the high-level order intake in the Technologies, Products &amp; Services segment. Order Backlog is calculated as the estimated sales value of unfilled, confirmed customer  orders  at  the  reporting  date.  Order  Backlog  is  recognized  for  both  lump-sum  turnkey  contracts,  as  well  as reimbursable contracts up to the firm contract amount agreed with the client that is expected to be recovered from the client to satisfy the Company's performance obligation.

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Order backlog  12,494.2  15,916.9   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Order Backlog at December 31, 2022 decreased by €3,422.7 million compared to December 31, 2021 primarily due to the orderly exit of the Arctic LNG 2 project and the continuous execution of projects' portfolio which was partially compensated by the increase of the Technologies Products &amp; Services which benefited from a strong year of order intake.

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Income tax (expense)/profit

Income  tax  increased  by  0.7%,  or  €0.9  million,  to  €127.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from €126.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This tax expense reflects an effective tax rate of 28.9% versus 32.7% in  2021.  The  decrease  in  the  effective  tax  rate  is  largely explained  by  the  decrease  in  the  French  income  tax  rate (from 28.41% to 25.83%) and a favorable mix of earnings (i.e. breakdown of the countries from which the  Company sources  earnings)  weighted  by  incremental  taxes,  such  as non-creditable foreign withholding taxes or local tax reported as income tax.

<!-- image -->

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

## 2.3.3.  NON-GAAP MEASURES

## Alternative performance measures - Definitions

Certain  parts  of  this  Annual  Financial  Report  contain  the following  non-IFRS  financial  measures:  Adjusted  Revenue, Recurring EBIT, Adjusted Recurring EBIT, Adjusted Recurring EBITDA,  Adjusted  net  (debt)  cash,  Adjusted  Order  Backlog, and  Adjusted  Order  Intake,  which  are  not  recognized  as measures  of  financial  performance  or  liquidity  under  IFRS and which the Company considers to be APMs.

The APMs presented are not measures of financial performance under IFRS, but measures used by management to  monitor  the  underlying  performance  of  the  Company's business and operations and, accordingly, they have not been audited or reviewed. Further, they may not be indicative of the  Company's  historical  operating  results,  nor  are  such measures  meant  to  be  predictive  of  the  Company's  future results.  These  APMs  are  presented  in  this  Annual  Financial Report because management  considers them important supplemental measures of the Company's performance and believes that similar measures  are  widely used  in the industry  in  which  the  Company  operates  as  a  means  of evaluating a company's operating performance and liquidity.

However,  not  all  companies  calculate  APMs  in  the  same manner or on a consistent basis. As a result, these measures and  ratios  may  not  be  comparable  to  measures  used  by other companies under the same or similar names. Accordingly,  undue  reliance  should  not  be  placed  on  the APMs  contained  in  this  Annual  Financial  Report  and  they should  not  be  considered  as  a  substitute for revenue, operating  profit  for  the  year,  cash  flow  or  other  financial measures computed in accordance with IFRS.

The presentation of the APMs in this Annual Financial Report should not be construed as an implication that the Company's future results will be unaffected by exceptional or non-recurring items.

The APMs are determined by integrating line by line for their respective  share  incorporated  construction  project  entities that are not fully owned by the Company, as follows:

- ■ Jointly  controlled  entities  or  equity  affiliates  accounted for under the equity method under IFRS, are contributing line by line at their respective proportionate share, reflecting  the  portion  owned  by  the  Company.  Over  the periods  presented  in  this  Annual  Financial  Report,  the entities  for  which  adjustments  are  performed  are  ENI CORAL FLNG, BAPCO Sitra Refinery and Arctic LNG 2. The entities are accounted for under the equity method under IFRS and are included line by line at 50%, 36% and 33.3% respectively, proportionally to the Company's share. From 2020, the limited value engineering scope of the Rovuma project  is  accounted  for  under  the  equity  method  under IFRS  and  the  Company's  33.3%  proportional  share  is consolidated in the applicable line items. From 2021, Nova Energies entity and two affiliates of the NFE joint venture are  accounted  for  under  the  equity  method  under  IFRS and Company's 50% proportional share is consolidated in the  applicable  line  items.  In  2022,  Nova  Energies  has contributed for the first six months of the year;
- ■ Controlled  entities  fully  consolidated  under  IFRS  and where non-controlling interests exceed 25% are contributing  proportionally  in  the  APMs  to  reflect  the Company's  share  in  these  entities.  As  of  and  for  all  the periods  presented  in  this  Annual  Financial  Report,  an adjustment is performed for Yamal LNG, which is included line by line at 50%, proportionally to the Company's share, whereas under IFRS the entity is  fully  consolidated  over these periods.

Each of the APMs is defined below:

- ■ Adjusted Revenue: Adjusted Revenue represents the revenue recorded under IFRS as adjusted according to the method described below. For the periods presented in this document,  the  Company's  proportionate  share  of  joint venture revenue from the following projects was included: the revenue from ENI CORAL FLNG, Yamal LNG and NFE is included at 50%, the revenue from BAPCO Sitra Refinery is included at 36%, the revenue from the In-Russia construction  and  supervision  scope  of  Arctic  LNG  2  is included  at  33.3%,  the  revenue  from  the  joint-venture Rovuma  is  included  at  33.3%,  the  revenue  from  Nova Energies is included at 50% for the first six months of the year. The Company believes that presenting the proportionate share of its joint-venture revenue in construction  projects  carried  out  in  joint  arrangements enables management and investors to better evaluate the performance of the Company's core business period-overperiod by assisting them in more accurately understanding the activities actually performed by the Company on these projects.
- ■ Recurring  EBIT: represents  the  profit  before  financial expense, net and income taxes recorded under IFRS and adds  or  removes,  as  appropriate,  items  considered  as non-recurring from EBIT, including: (i) restructuring expenses, (ii)  separation  costs  associated  with  the  Spinoff  transaction  and  (iii)  costs  arising  out  of  significant litigation  that  have  arisen  outside  of  the  ordinary  course of  business.  The  Company believes that the exclusion of such expenses or profits from EBIT enables investors and management  to  evaluate  the  Company's  operations  and consolidated results of operations period-over-period, and to  identify  operating  trends  that  could  otherwise  be masked to both investors and management  by the excluded items.
- ■ Adjusted  Recurring  EBIT: represents  Recurring  EBIT  as adjusted to reflect, line-by-line for their respective share, incorporated  construction  project  entities  that  are  not fully owned by the company (applying the method described under Adjusted Revenue).
- ■ Adjusted Recurring EBITDA: corresponds to the Adjusted Recurring  EBIT  as  described  above  after  deduction  of depreciation  and  amortization  expenses  and  as  adjusted to  reflect  for  their  respective  share  construction  project entities  that  are  not  fully  owned  by  the  Company.  The Company believes that the exclusion of these expenses or profits  from  these  financial  measures  enables  investors and management to more effectively evaluate the Company's operations and consolidated results of operations  period-over-period,  and  to  identify  operating trends that could otherwise be masked to both investors and management by the excluded items.

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

- ■ Adjusted Order Intake: Order intake corresponds to signed contracts which have come into force during the reporting period.  Adjusted  Order  Intake  adds  the  proportionate share  of  orders  signed  related  to  equity  affiliates  (ENI Coral FLNG, BAPCO Sitra Refinery, Arctic LNG 2 for the InRussia  construction  and  supervision  scope,  the  jointventure  Rovuma,  two  affiliates  of  the  NFE  joint-venture, and  the  Nova  Energies  joint  venture)  and  restates  the share  of  order  intake  attributable  to  the  non-controlling interests  in  Yamal  LNG.  This  financial  measure  is  closely connected with the Adjusted Order Backlog in the evaluation  of  the  level  of  the  Company's  forthcoming activities by presenting its proportionate share of contracts  which  came  into  force  during  the  period  and that will be performed by the Company.
- ■ Adjusted  Order  Backlog: Order  backlog  is  calculated  as the estimated sales value of unfilled, confirmed customer orders  at  the  relevant  reporting  date.  Adjusted  Order Backlog  takes  into  account  the  Company's  proportionate share  of  order  backlog  related  to  equity  affiliates  (ENI Coral FLNG, BAPCO Sitra Refinery, Arctic LNG 2 for the InRussia construction and supervision scope, the joint venture  Rovuma,  two  affiliates  of  the  NFE  joint-venture, and  the  Nova  Energies  joint-venture)  and  restates  the share  of  order  backlog  related  to  the  Company's  noncontrolling  interest  in  Yamal  LNG.  The  Company  believes that the Adjusted Order Backlog enables management and investors  to  evaluate  the  level  of  the  Company's  core business forthcoming activities by including its proportionate  share  in  the  estimated  sales  coming  from construction projects in joint arrangements.
- ■ Adjusted net (debt) cash: reflects cash and cash equivalents,  net  of  debt  (including  short-term  debt),  as adjusted according to the method described above under Adjusted Revenue. Management uses this APM to evaluate the  Company's  capital  structure  and  financial  leverage. The  Company  believes  Adjusted  net  (debt)  cash,  is  a meaningful financial measure that may assist investors in understanding the Company's financial condition and recognizing underlying trends in its capital structure.

## 2.3.4.  BUSINESS SEGMENTS HIGHLIGHTS

## Project Delivery - Adjusted IFRS

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  % Change  Revenue  4,884.3  5,132.5  (4.8%)  Adjustments (1)  139.6  231.9  (39.8%)  Adjusted revenue  5,023.9  5,364.4  (6.3%)  EBIT  527.3  529.2  (0.4%)  Adjustments (2)  (2.0)  2.3  (187.0%)  Recurring EBIT  529.4  531.5  (0.4%)  Adjustments (1)  (133.4)  (189.5)  (29.6%)  Adjusted recurring EBIT  396.0  342.0  15.8%  ADJUSTED RECURRING EBIT MARGIN %  7.9%  6.4%  150 bps   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) For an explanation of the adjustments see '2.3.3. Non-GAAP measures' section above.

(2) Recurring EBIT adjustments add or remove, as appropriate, items considered as non-recurring from EBIT, including: (i) restructuring expenses, (ii) separation costs associated with the Spin-off transaction and (iii) costs arising out of significant litigation that have arisen outside of the ordinary course of business. The Company believes that the exclusion of such expenses or profits from EBIT enables investors and management to evaluate the  Company's  operations  and  consolidated  results  of  operations  period-over-period,  and  to  identify  operating  trends  that  could  otherwise  be masked to both investors and management by the excluded items.

Adjusted Revenue decreased year-on-year by 6.3% to €5,023.9 million due to lower activity on Arctic LNG 2 where our orderly exit from the project was confirmed by the exit framework agreement signed with the client (with a full exit anticipated to be completed within the first half of 2023). It is  partially  compensated by the ramp-up of major LNG and downstream projects.

Adjusted Recurring EBIT increased year-on-year by 15.8% to €396.0 million.

Adjusted Recurring EBIT margin increased by 150 basis points to 7.9% benefiting from robust business execution across all the Project Delivery portfolio that is more than offsetting the 2021 contribution by projects in completion phase.

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Change  Order Intake  1,500.5  9,055.8  (7,555.3)  Adjustments (1)  181.5  (584.3)  765.8  ADJUSTED ORDER INTAKE  1,682.1  8,471.5  (6,789.4)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) For an explanation of the adjustments see '2.3.3. Non-GAAP measures' section above.

Adjusted Order Intake at December 31, 2022, decreased by €6,789.4 million compared to December 31, 2021, mainly due to the major LNG award in 2021 of the Qatar North Field Expansion project, which was only partially compensated in 2022 by new order intake in the energy transition space.

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Change  Order Backlog  10,471.4  14,671.4  (4,200.0)  Adjustments (1)  256.5  472.6  (216.1)  Adjusted Order Backlog  10,727.9  15,144.0  (4,416.1)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) For an explanation of the adjustments see '2.3.3. Non-GAAP measures' section above.

Adjusted Order Backlog at December 31, 2022, decreased by €4,416.1 million compared to December 31, 2021, following the reduction on Adjusted Order Intake and the Arctic LNG 2 exit framework agreement.

## Technology, Products &amp; Services (TPS) - Adjusted IFRS

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  % Change  Revenue  1,398.0  1,301.2  7.4 %  Adjustments (1)  2.5  1.5  - %  Adjusted revenue  1,400.6  1,302.8  7.5 %  EBIT  129.2  118.0  9.5 %  Adjustments (2)  (0.7)  1.2  (158.3)  %  Recurring EBIT  130.0  119.2  9.1 %  Adjustments (1)  -  0.1  - %  Adjusted recurring EBIT  130.0  119.3  9.0 %  ADJUSTED RECURRING EBIT MARGIN %  9.3 %  9.2 %  10 bps   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) For an explanation of the adjustments see '2.3.3. Non-GAAP measures' section above.

(2) Recurring EBIT adjustments add or remove, as appropriate, items considered as non-recurring from EBIT, including: (i) restructuring expenses, (ii) separation costs associated with the Spin-off transaction and (iii) costs arising out of significant litigation that have arisen outside of the ordinary course of business. The Company believes that the exclusion of such expenses or profits from EBIT enables investors and management to evaluate the  Company's  operations  and  consolidated  results  of  operations  period-over-period,  and  to  identify  operating  trends  that  could  otherwise  be masked to both investors and management by the excluded items.

Adjusted Revenue increased year-on-year by 7.5% to €1,400.6  million,  driven  by  growth  in  services  and  process technology activities, including licensing, proprietary equipment (notably for PBAT, a biodegradable polymer, and ethylene), and sustainable chemistry. It continued to benefit from a sustained period of strong order intake.

Adjusted Recurring EBIT increased  year-on-year  by  9.0%  to €130.0 million.

Adjusted Recurring EBIT margin increased year-on-year by 10 basis  points  to  9.3%,  benefiting  from  higher  activity  levels with accretive associated margin.

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Change  Order Intake  2,167.9  1,327.5  840.4  Adjustments (1)  (5.1)  (9.1)  4.0  ADJUSTED ORDER INTAKE  2,162.8  1,318.4  844.4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) For an explanation of the adjustments see '2.3.3. Non-GAAP measures' section above.

Adjusted Order Intake at December 31, 2022, increased by €844.4 million compared to December 31, 2021, mainly benefiting from new contracts in Technology downstream and Services around sustainable chemistry and carbon capture markets.

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Change  Order Backlog  2,022.8  1,245.6  777.2  Adjustments (1)  (0.6)  (1.2)  0.6  ADJUSTED ORDER BACKLOG  2,022.2  1,244.3  777.9   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) For an explanation of the adjustments see '2.3.3. Non-GAAP measures' section above.

Adjusted Order Backlog at December 31, 2022, increased by €777.9 million compared to December 31, 2021, following the growth on Adjusted Order Intake.

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Corporate and other items

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Change  EBIT  (74.5)  (58.1)  (16.4)  Adjustments (1)  1.4  28.4  (27.0)  Recurring EBIT  (75.9)  (29.7)  (46.2)  Adjustments (2)  1.0  (0.6)  1.6  ADJUSTED RECURRING EBIT  (74.8)  (30.3)  (44.5)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Recurring EBIT adjustments add or remove, as appropriate, items considered as non-recurring from EBIT, including: (i) restructuring expenses, (ii) separation costs associated with the Spin-off transaction and (iii) costs arising out of significant litigation that have arisen outside of the ordinary course of business. The Company believes that the exclusion of such expenses or profits from EBIT enables investors and management to evaluate the  Company's  operations  and  consolidated  results  of  operations  period-over-period,  and  to  identify  operating  trends  that  could  otherwise  be masked to both investors and management by the excluded items.

(2) For an explanation of the adjustments see '2.3.3. Non-GAAP measures' section above.

Adjusted Recurring EBIT The impact of corporate cost on Adjusted Recurring EBIT was a decrease year-on-year by 146.9% to €74.8 including the cost of €30 million related to an exceptional bonus of half a month's salary to be paid in January 2023 to eligible employees.

## Adjusted net (debt) cash

The following table provides a reconciliation of the Company's Adjusted Cash and cash equivalents to Adjusted net (debt) cash, utilizing details of classifications from the Company's consolidated statement of financial position:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Change  Cash and cash equivalents  3,477.4  3,638.6  (161.2)  Adjustments (1)  313.8  171.5  142.3  Adjusted cash and cash equivalents  3,791.2  3,810.1  (18.9)  Less: Adjusted debt  719.0  683.3  35.7  ADJUSTED NET (DEBT) CASH  3,072.2  3,126.8  (54.6)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) For an explanation of the adjustments see '2.3.3. Non-GAAP measures' section above.

Adjusted net cash decreased by 2% or €54.6 million between December 31, 2022, and 2021, from €3,126.8 million to €3,072.2 million primarily due to the decrease by €18.9 million of adjusted cash and cash equivalents and the increase by €35.7 million of debt (see 8.1.6. Notes to consolidated financial statements - Note 22. Debt (long and short-term)

## Off-balance-sheet arrangements and contingent liabilities

The Company has no special-purpose financing or partnership entities or other off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect  on  the  Company's  financial  condition,  changes  in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.

## Impact of foreign currency fluctuations

For purposes of mitigating the effect of changes in exchange rates, Technip Energies holds derivative financial instruments to  hedge  the  risks  of  certain  identifiable  and  anticipated transactions and recorded assets and liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

## 2.3.5.  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

## General

Cash management is centralized and the Company's liquidity needs  are  mainly  managed  through  internal  cash  pooling arrangements with a central treasury management subsidiary, T.EN Eurocash SNC. The Company's cash and cash equivalents  is  comprised  of  cash  held  by  Technip  Energies legal entities. Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated financial  statements  reflect  the  ownership  by  the  legal entities that are part of the Technip Energies Group.

At  December  31,  2022,  the  Company  has  cash  and  cash equivalents  of  €3,477.4  million  compared  to  €3,638.6  at December 31, 2021.

## Cash flows

Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Cash provided (required) by operating activities  184.4  934.4  Cash provided (required) by investing activities  (57.6)  (53.0)  Cash provided (required) by financing activities  (396.3)  (558.6)  Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents  108.3  126.1  (Decrease) Increase in cash and cash equivalents  (161.2)  448.9  Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period  3,638.6  3,189.7  Cash and cash equivalents, end of period  3,477.4  3,638.6   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash flows provided (required) by operating cash flows During 2022, the Company generated €184.4 million in cash flows from operating activities as compared to €934.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting in a €750.0 million decrease compared to 2021, which is primarily driven by 2022 working capital outflows of €414.6 million associated to the projects progress.

Cash flows provided (required) by investing activities Investing activities used €57.6 million and €53.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively,  primarily  due  to  acquisition  of  property,  plant,  equipment  and  intangible assets.

Cash flows provided (required) by financing activities Financing activities used €396.3 million and €558.6 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Compared to 2021, the outflow decrease of €162.3 million was mainly due to the 2022 cash inflow and outflow neutralization of the commercial papers, partially offset by maiden dividend payment of €79.0 million.

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

At  December  31,  2022,  the  Company  has  debt  of  €719.0 million  compared  to  €683.3  million.  For  further  details  see 8.1.6. Notes to consolidated financial statements - Note 22. Debt (long and short-term).

We believe our financial resources are sufficient to meet our present requirements.

<!-- image -->

## Debt and liquidity

The Company's sources of liquidity are its Facilities Agreement  (as  defined  below)  providing  for  a  Revolving Facility and a Bridge Facility (the latter having been prepaid and  cancelled  in  full  when  the  Company's  inaugural  senior unsecured Notes (as defined below) were issued), and T.EN Eurocash  SNC's  (which  is  one  of  the  Company's  wholly owned  subsidiaries)  commercial  paper  program  and  cash pooling resources.

The  Company  does  not  intend  to  draw  upon  the  Revolving Facility in the ordinary course. The available capacity thereunder is reduced by any outstanding commercial paper borrowings issued by T.EN Eurocash SNC.

from TechnipFMC, on February 16, 2021, the Company drew down €620 million from the Bridge Facility.

This utilization was prepaid and the Bridge Facility cancelled in full by its sole borrower, Technip Energies N.V., on May 31, 2021, upon its issuance of €600 million aggregate principal of 1.125% unsecured notes due in 2028 (the ' Notes ') on May 28, 2021.    Subject  to  certain  conditions,  the  Company  may request  the  aggregate  commitments  under  the  Revolving Facility  be  increased  by  up  to  €250  million  to  reach  €1.0 billion.

On  February  10,  2021,  the  Technip  Energies  N.V.  and  T.EN Eurocash  SNC  entered  into  a  senior  unsecured  Bridge  and Revolving  Facilities  Agreement  (the  ' Facilities  Agreement ') with  Crédit  Agricole  Corporate  and  Investment  Bank,  as agent, and the lenders party thereto. The Facilities Agreement provides for the establishment of a Bridge Facility in an amount of up to €650 million (the ' Bridge Facility '), to which  Technip  Energies  N.V.  is  the  sole  borrower  and  a Revolving Facility in an amount of €750 million (the ' Revolving Facility ') to which Technip Energies N.V. and T.EN Eurocash SNC are the Borrowers. At the time of the Spin-off

The Revolving Facility provides for an initial three-year tenor as  from  the  Initial  Availability  Date  (February  15,  2021)  and can be extended twice by one year each time. The first and the second extensions of the Revolving Facility were successfully completed on December 6, 2021 and December 16,  2022,  respectively.  As  a  consequence,  the  termination date of the Revolving Facility is February 13, 2026.

The Revolving Facility  is  available  in  Euros  only.  Borrowings under  the  Revolving  Facility  bear  interest  at  the  EURIBOR rate  applicable  to  the  relevant  interest  period  (floored  at zero), plus an applicable margin.

The applicable margin will vary depending on the Company's credit rating as follows:

| Rating  Applicable margin  Lower than or equal to BB+  0.95% p.a.  Equal to BBB-  0.75% p.a.  Equal to BBB  0.60% p.a.  Equal to BBB+  0.45% p.a.  Higher than or equal to A-  0.35% p.a.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The applicable margin for the Revolving Facility loans is also adjusted depending on the successful completion by the Company of the ESG key performance indicators (as described below) in accordance with the following grid:

| Number of ESG key performance indicators ('KPIs') for which successful completion has been achieved  Margin  Adjustment  No successful completion has been achieved for any of the KPIs  +0.025% p.a.  Successful completion has been achieved for one (1) KPI  +0.0125% p.a.  Successful completion has been achieved for two (2) KPIs  -0.0125% p.a.  Successful completion has been achieved for three (3) KPIs  -0.025% p.a.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  ESG  key  performance  indicators consist in (i) the evaluation and reduction of carbon footprint, (ii) the support provided to ESG ratings and (iii) the improvement of gender diversity.  On  May  24,  2022,  the  applicable  margin  for  the Revolving Facility has been adjusted by -0.025% following the successful  completion  of  all  three  ESG  KPI's  for  the  year 2021.

The Revolving Facility contains usual and customary representations and warranties, mandatory prepayments and events of default for investment-grade credit facilities of this type. It also contains covenants restricting Technip Energies N.V.'s and  certain of its subsidiaries' ability to provide additional securities and incur additional indebtedness, enter into  asset  sales,  or  make  certain  investments.  It  does  not include any financial covenant.

On  May  28,  2021,  the  Company  issued  its  inaugural  €600 million  of  1.125%  senior  unsecured  notes  due  in  2028  (the ' Notes '),  the  proceeds  of  which  is  for  general  corporate purpose, including the refinancing (which occurred on 31 May

2021) of the €620 million drawings under the Bridge Facility made available to the Company in connection with the Spinoff  from  TechnipFMC.  The  interest  on  the  Notes  is  paid annually on May 28 of each year, beginning on May 28, 2022. The Notes were admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris and rated 'BBB' by S&amp;P Global. On March 11, 2022, S&amp;P revised its rating for both the Notes and the longterm corporate rating of the Company to 'BBB-'.

The negotiable European commercial paper program of T.EN Eurocash has been downsized to €750 million from €1 billion following  the  Spin-off  from  TechnipFMC.  The  program's rating by S&amp;P Global was revised to 'A-3' from 'A-2' on March 11,  2022.  As  of  December  31,  2022,  the  outstanding  balance was €79.9 million (see 8.1.6. Notes to consolidated financial statements - Note 22. Debt (long and short-term)).

Technip Energies also pools the cash resources of its subsidiaries through T.EN Eurocash SNC.

## Contractual obligations

The  following  table  summarizes  the  Company's  contractual obligations and other commercial commitments at December  31, 2022, as well as the effect that these obligations  and  commitments  are  expected  to  have  on  the

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

Company's  liquidity  and  cash  flow  in  future  periods,  on  an actual basis.

| Payment Due by Period  (In millions of €)  Total  Less than  1 year  1-3 years  3-5 years  After 5 years  Financial Debts  719.0  123.7  -  -  595.3  Leases liabilities  (1)  267.2  72.1  88.6  60.1  46.4  Pension and other post-retirement benefits  (2)  109.7  8.8  17.5  14.4  69.0  Unrecognized tax benefits  (3)  83.3  0.1  1.7  3.0  78.5  Other contractual obligations  (4)  98.1  98.1  -  -  TOTAL CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS  1,277.3  302.8  107.8  77.5  789.2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The Company leases real estate, including land, buildings and warehouses, machinery/equipment, vehicles, and various types of manufacturing and data processing equipment. Lease liabilities were accounted for according to the lease standard IFRS 16 and represent the present value of the remaining lease payments. For further information regarding assumptions used to determine the lease liabilities, for further information refer to Note 16. of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Document.

(2) The Company expects to contribute approximately €1.4 million to the Company's pension plans during 2023. Required contributions for future years depend on factors that cannot be determined at this time.

(3) It  is  reasonably  possible  that  €0.1  million  of  liabilities  for  unrecognized  tax  benefits  will  be  settled  during  2023,  and  this  amount  is  reflected  in income  taxes  payable  in  the  Company's  consolidated  balance  sheet  as  of  December  31,  2022.  Although  unrecognized  tax  benefits  are  not contractual obligations, they are presented in this table because they represent demands on the Company's liquidity.

(4) Other contractual obligations represent a mandatorily redeemable financial liability. In the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company obtained voting control interests in legal contract entities belonging to the Company's then-existing Onshore/Offshore business segment, which entities owned and accounted for the design, engineering and construction of the Yamal LNG plant. Prior to the amendments of the contractual terms that provided the Company voting interest control, the Company accounted for these entities under the equity method of accounting based on its previously held interests in each of these entities. A mandatorily redeemable financial liability of €165.9 million was recognized as of December 31, 2016 for the fair value of the non-controlling interests. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company revalued the liability to reflect current expectations about the obligation.  Refer  to  Note  26.  of  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  included  in  section,  8.1.  Consolidated  financial  statements  for the year ended December 31, 2022, of this document for further information regarding the fair value measurement assumptions of the mandatorily redeemable financial liability and related changes in its fair value.

For other contingencies, see section 8.1. Consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, Note 29. Commitments and contingent liabilities.

## Effects of transactions with related parties

The  consolidated  financial  statements  comprise  transactions  (receivables,  payables,  revenues  and  expenses)  with  related parties including entities related to the Company's directors and main shareholders as well as the partners of the Company's joint ventures and affiliates.

For details on related parties' disclosures, see section 8.1. Consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, Note 27. Related party transactions.

## 2.3.6.  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

The Company's significant accounting policies are set out in Note 1.6. Summary of significant accounting policies, section  8.1.    Consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  year ended  December  31,  2022, which  consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS.

Given the uncertainties inherent in  the  Company's  business activities,  it  must  make  certain  estimates  and  assumptions

## 2.3.7.  OTHER MATTERS

The  Group  is  involved  in  various  pending  or  potential  legal actions,  disputes  and  proceedings,  whether  initiated  by  the Company or by third parties (including governmental authorities)  any  of  which  could  result  in  sanctions  of  a financial,  administrative  or  criminal  nature.  Management  is unable  to  predict  the  ultimate  outcome  of  these  actions because of their inherent uncertainty. However, management believes that the most probable, ultimate resolution of these matters  will  not  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  the Technip Energies Group's financial position or profitability.

In late 2016, TechnipFMC was contacted by the Unites States Department of Justice (' DOJ ')  regarding  its  investigation  of offshore platform projects awarded between 2003 and 2007, performed  in  Brazil  by  a  joint  venture  company  in  which TechnipFMC was a minority participant. Subsequently TechnipFMC  raised  with  the  DOJ  certain  other  projects performed  by  TechnipFMC  subsidiaries  in  Brazil  between 2002 and 2013. The DOJ has also inquired about projects in Ghana and Equatorial Guinea that were awarded to TechnipFMC  subsidiaries  in  2008  and  2009,  respectively. TechnipFMC cooperated with the DOJ in its investigation into the potential violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act  (the  ' FCPA ')  in  connection  with  these  projects,  and contacted and cooperated with the Brazilian authorities (the Federal  Prosecution  Service  (the  ' MPF '),  the  Comptroller General  of  Brazil  (the  ' CGU ')  and  the  Attorney  General  of Brazil (the ' AGU ')) as relates to their investigation concerning the  projects  in  Brazil.  Technip  Energies  is  subject  to  an ongoing investigation by the French Parquet National Financier (' PNF ') related to the above-referenced projects in Equatorial  Guinea  and  Ghana.  Technip  Energies  was  later informed  by  the  PNF  that  the  PNF  was  also  investigating certain historical projects in Angola.

On June 25, 2019, TechnipFMC announced a global resolution to pay a total of $301.3 million to the DOJ, the SEC, the MPF and the CGU/AGU to resolve anti-corruption investigations of that  require  difficult,  subjective  and  complex  judgments. Because of uncertainties inherent in such judgments, actual outcomes and results may  differ from the Company's assumptions  and  estimates,  which  could  materially  affect the consolidated financial statements.

which  $281.3  million  was  related  to  the  Technip  Energies business. The final amount due in accordance with the global resolution  was  paid  by  Technip  Energies  during  the  second quarter  of  2021.  As  part  of  this  resolution,  TechnipFMC entered  into  a  three-year  deferred  prosecution  agreement with the DOJ related to charges of conspiracy to violate the FCPA in relation to conduct in Brazil and other matters (the ' DPA '). In addition, Technip USA, Inc (since renamed Technip Energies USA, Inc.), a U.S. subsidiary, pled guilty to one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA related to conduct in Brazil.

As  part  of  the  Spin-off  arrangements  and  pursuant  to  the terms of the Separation and Distribution Agreement, Technip Energies has had to assume certain obligations and liabilities arising  out  of  the  DPA.  TechnipFMC  and  Technip  Energies were not required to have a compliance monitor in place but were  required  to  report  annually  on  their  anti-corruption programs to authorities during the DPA's three-year term.

Technip  Energies  N.V.  and  Technip  Energies  USA  submitted the final  report  as  well  as  the  certifications  required  under the DPA on May 25, 2022. The DPA expired on June 25, 2022, and was dismissed by the Eastern District Court of New York on  January  5,  2023.  Separately,  Technip  Energies  N.V.  and Technip Energies USA were also the subject of a Cease and Desist Order by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (' SEC ').  The three-year term of the Cease and Desist Order ended on September 23, 2022. On October 3, 2022, Technip Energies  N.V.  and  Technip  Energies  USA  submitted  to  the SEC  the  final certification of their  compliance  with  all undertakings set forth in the Cease and Desist Order.

To date, the investigation by the PNF has related to certain historical  projects  in  Equatorial  Guinea,  Ghana  and  Angola and  has  not  reached  a  resolution.  Technip  Energies  and TechnipFMC  are  cooperating  and  Technip  Energies  remains committed to finding a resolution with the PNF.

## VALUE CREATION, BUSINESSES AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

In  2003,  Petrobras  B.V.  (' PNBV ')  and  FSTP,  a  Joint  Venture between Keppel (75%)  and  Technip  Brasil  Engenharia  (25%) signed  a  contract  for  construction  of  the  P-52  offshore platform  (the  ' Project ').  In  2007  the  Brazilian Tribunal  de Contas da União (' TCU ') contested the validity of an amendment  to  the  contract  which  compensated  FSTP  for additional  costs  incurred  in  relation  to  the  Project  (the ' Contested  Payments ').  To  ensure  project  completion  and avoid  suspension  of  payments  pending  the  outcome  of proceedings  initiated  by  the  TCU  to  recover  the  Contested Payments, FSTP issued a USD 126M letter of credit in favor of PNBV, with the Company being responsible for 25%. Proceedings  relating  to  the  Contested  Payments  have  been ongoing since 2007. Technip Energies and Keppel continue to contest  TCU's  efforts  to  have  PNBV  recover  the  Contested Payments.

## Subsequent event

Please  refer  to  Note  32.  Subsequent  events  in  section  8.1. Consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and to section 8.2.4.17. Events after end of  reporting  in  the  Technip  Energies  Company  financial statements.

There  is  no  certainty  that  a  settlement  with  PNF  will  be reached.  The  PNF  has  a  broad  range  of  potential  sanctions under anticorruption laws and regulations that it may seek to impose  in appropriate circumstances including, but not limited  to,  fines,  penalties,  the  appointment  of  a  monitor, and  modifications  to  business  practices  and  compliance programs.  Any  of  these  measures,  if applicable to the Company,  as  well  as  potential  customer  reaction  to  such measures,  could  have  a  material  adverse  impact  on  its financial position or profitability. The financial consequences of these investigations are to be retained by TechnipFMC by way of an indemnity provided by TechnipFMC to the Company under the Separation and Distribution Agreement. If  no  resolution  is  reached  with  the  PNF,  Technip  Energies subsidiaries  could  be  subject  to  criminal  proceedings  in France, the outcome of which cannot be predicted.

For further information please refer to section 4.3.4.1. We are subject to an ongoing investigation by the French Parquet  National  Financier  related  to  historical  projects  in Equatorial Guinea, Ghana and Angola and to section 5.7. Compliance Investigations and Legal Proceedings.

## Sustainability

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| •  OUR APPROACH  80  3.1.  TECHNIP ENERGIES ESG  ROADMAP  81  3.1.1.  2022 Sustainability Highlights and  Key Figures  81  3.1.2.  ESG Roadmap and Scorecard  82  3.1.3.  ESG Commitments and Ratings  84  3.1.4.  Technip Energies Business Model  86  3.1.5.  A Focus on CO2 Management  88  3.1.6.  Join forces and bridge expertise  across industries  90  3.2.  ESG GOVERNANCE AND  STAKEHOLDER  ENGAGEMENT  91  3.2.1.  ESG Governance  91  3.2.2.  ESG Policies and Certifications  92  3.2.3.  Stakeholder Engagement  94  3.3.  TECHNIP ENERGIES ESG  PERFORMANCE  98  3.3.1.  Climate and Environment  99  3.3.2.  People  106  3.3.3.  Trust  115  3.4.  MATERIALITY AND UN SDGS  121  3.4.1.  Methodology  121  3.4.2.  Materiality Matrix  121  3.4.3.  UN SDGs  123  3.5.  ESG RISKS AND  OPPORTUNITIES  125  3.5.1.  ESG Risk Management  125  3.5.2.  ESG Risks and Opportunities  126  3.6.  IMPACT BOOK  131  3.6.1.  Definitions and Methodologies  131  3.6.2.  ESG Indicators  136  3.6.3.  EU Green Taxonomy  146  3.6.4.  TCFD Correspondence Table  151  3.6.5.  SASB Correspondence Table  152  3.6.6.  GRI Content Index  153   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## OUR APPROACH

## Preamble

Technip  Energies  is  a  leading  engineering  and  technology company for the energy transition.

As  a  young  company,  with  over  60  years  of  experience,  we believe  we  have  a  critical  role  to  play  to  accelerate  the energy transition in a sustainable way.

This is our Purpose: Breaking boundaries together to engineer a sustainable future . Our Values reflect our culture and the way we act, as a responsible player.

Energy transition is our business. With 15,000 talented professionals, in 35 countries, engaged in delivering projects and developing technologies, products, and services, we have the  skills  and  pioneering  ambition  to  transform  the  energy industry  and  make  a  positive  impact  for  our  stakeholders. Our  teams  work  every  day  alongside  our  clients,  partners, suppliers, and other stakeholders to drive innovative solutions  to  combat  climate  change  and  deliver  reliable, affordable, and sustainable energy.

' Together by T.EN ' is our ESG Roadmap which guides us on our sustainability journey. It sets the path and measures the progress that we make.

We think energies, we think tomorrow.

## Executive Summary

This  section  of  the  Annual  Report  forms  Technip  Energies second  Sustainability  Report,  which  is  aligned  with  the  GRI (Global Reporting Initiative) Sustainability Reporting Standards,  the  Task  Force  on  Climate-Related  Financial Disclosures (TCFD), and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Standards (SASB).

As an integral part of our 2022 Annual Report, it highlights to our stakeholders our commitment to embed sustainability in our strategy; it supports our business and drives our future success.

A high level of extra-financial performance needs ambitious commitments. They are built around 3 pillars: the preservation of the climate and environment, the safety and development of our people, and a strong governance, transparency and accountability.

We are committed to drive positive changes for our shareholders, endorsing the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

Our  first  ESG  Scorecard  was  published  last  year.  Here  we report our progress and strengthen our ambition.

Highlights of our key achievements in 2022 include:

- ■ On climate and environment: In 2022, we reduced scope 1 &amp; 2 emissions by 11% compared to 2019, and we are on track to reach net zero by 2030. For the first time, we  can  report  our  scope  3  upstream  emissions  and  we made great progress (87%) in the evaluation of our scope 3  upstream  and  downstream  emissions.  Our  role  goes beyond our own direct and indirect emissions, to combat climate  change,  we  are  committed  to  help  our  clients avoid 15 million tCO2 eq by 2025. In 2023, we will publish our  scope  3  downstream  emissions  with  targeted  action plans to reach net zero by 2050 by decarbonizing our core business and developing new sustainable businesses.
- ■ People are our assets: Safety is at the heart of what we do.  Since  2022,  our  main  construction  sites  now  have  a behavior-based safety (BBS) program in place. While our safety targets are not new, they are now included in our ESG Scorecard to make them completely visible.

We  have  increased  the  number  of  women  in  leadership positions from 12% to 18% and we target to reach 25% by 2025. We believe that setting targets is key to improving gender diversity, so we aim for women to make up 35% of our workforce by 2030, to reach gender parity by 2050. We will  achieve  this  by  supporting  women  in  STEM  and ensuring  gender  parity  in  new  graduate  recruitments  to build up a pipeline of future leaders.

In 2022, the number of volunteer hours increased by 50%. To leverage this  level  of  dedication  from  our  employees, for  the  first  time  we  set  a  new  target  to  develop  social initiatives to benefit 750,000 people in our local communities.

- ■ On trust: Our reputation is built on trust. This comes from strong governance, transparency, and accountability. It is core to our relationship with all our stakeholders, in the objectives that we set and in the way we perform. Which is  why human rights due diligence and ESG performance will increasingly form part of our qualification criteria for suppliers and subcontractors to be monitored and audited.

In section 3.3. Technip Energies ESG  Performance,  we present concrete examples of the progress being made.

In  2022,  we  benchmarked  our  approach  and  engaged  with rating  agencies  to  improve  disclosure  and  identify  areas  of progress, with the ambition of being a leader for our sector. Each rating agency reported a year-on-year improvement. We are  proud  to  be  rated  AAA  industry  leader  by  MSCI  for Technip  Energies  and  to  have  been  awarded  a  Platinum medal by EcoVadis for Technip Energies France.

In  2022,  through  continuous  stakeholders'  engagement  and to strengthen our commitments and accelerate our sustainable  journey,  we  have  refined  our  ESG  Scorecard focus on impact-driven targets, which are detailed in section 3.1.2. ESG Roadmap and Scorecard.

Samir  Karoum,  Chief  Strategy  and  Sustainability  Officer: 'Like  the  energy  transition,  the  route  to  sustainability  is  a journey. But to achieve the goals of the Paris agreement, we must  act  fast  and  ramp  up  the  rhythm.  Our  2022  report describes  the  progress  we  have  made  towards  our  original targets  and  the  initiatives  that  are  underway  to  meet  our commitments.  Our  ESG  scorecard  for  2022-2025  has  been simplified  and  structured  to  be  best  in  class.  We  have strengthened  these  commitments  and  recentered  our  focus on  impact-driven  targets  to  accelerate  our  sustainability journey. In 2023 we will strive to make even greater progress, as we help to accelerate our clients' transition towards a new energy system and deliver robust financial performance.'

## 3.1. TECHNIP ENERGIES ESG ROADMAP

## 3.1.1. 2022 SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS AND KEY FIGURES

<!-- image -->

## 2022 sustainability highlights

- ■ ESG Scorecard reviewed and focused on impacts
- ■ 11% reduction for scope 1 &amp; 2 GHG emissions compared to 2019
- ■ Scope 3 upstream and avoided GHG emissions reported
- ■ 83% of R&amp;D budget allocated to energy transition
- ■ Act4nature International Commitment
- ■ 71%  of  participation for our first global  engagement survey, 'My Voice'
- ■ 18% women in leadership
- ■ More than 21,000 volunteering hours
- ■ AAA MSCI ESG Score
- ■ EcoVadis  Platinum  medal  awarded  to  Technip  Energies France

<!-- image -->

## 3.1.2.  ESG ROADMAP AND SCORECARD

The route to sustainability is a journey, one that is continuously assessed, improved, and driven forward. We are not alone in this journey, all stakeholders share an interest, which  is  why  it  is  at  the  heart  of  our  Purpose  and  aligned with our Values. ' Together by T.EN ' encapsulates our shared sense of responsibility.

## Our ESG Roadmap

<!-- image -->

The role of our ESG Roadmap and Scorecard is to translate the  priorities  of  today  into  tangible  actions  for  a  better tomorrow  which  aligns  the  interests  of  our  clients,  people, communities, and planet. It has been developed to measure performance and track progress; it is designed to evolve.

In  2022,  we  have  refined  our  ESG  approach  to  further  our ambitions and accelerate results.

Our revised ESG Scorecard sets out our engagements around three strategic pillars: to preserve the Climate and Environment,  to  ensure  the  safety  and  development  of  our People, and  to instill Trust through strong governance, transparency and accountability. It includes seven  new impact-driven targets:

- ■ net  zero  by  2050  for  our  indirect  emissions;  scope  3 upstream emissions are now quantified and reported; the emissions of our clients (scope 3 downstream) are being assessed  and  action  plans  being  built  to  establish  clear and ambitious targets;
- ■ avoided CO2 emissions for our clients are now measured and targeted;
- ■ zero  fatalities and  a Total Recordable  Incident Rate (' TRIR ')  per  200,000  hours  worked  below  0.10  are  now formalized goals;
- ■ improving  gender  diversity  in  our  workforce  and  in  the leadership;
- ■ investing in our people by setting a target of 40 hours of learning per year, on average, by employee by 2025;
- ■ developing  social  initiatives  to  benefit  750,000  people  in our local communities.

All targets are presented in the Scorecard below.

Our ESG Roadmap is a living tool, it evolves, and is designed to  help  to  create  long-term  value  for  our  stakeholders  and contributes  to  our  journey  towards  a  more  sustainable future.

'We  are  moving  in  the  right  direction  and  delivering  on  our commitments,  but  to  make  an  impact,  we  must  accelerate our actions and push for opportunities to make a difference. Sustainability  is  a  strength  and  opportunity  that  drives  our future  success.  Technip  Energies  has  what  it  takes  to  build the future of energy, deliver a positive impact on society, and bring  sustainable  benefits  to  all  its  stakeholders.  Energy  is our  reality,  transition  is  our  business.' Sandra  Melki,  VicePresident Marketing &amp; Sustainability

(1) 13 categories out of 15 (as per the Greenhouse Gas Protocol) are disclosed.

<!-- image -->

Throughout this report, we will provide the progress status at end of 2022 for each target that was defined in the 2022 ESG Scorecard. In section 3.3. Technip Energies ESG Performance, we present concrete examples of the progress being made.

<!-- image -->

## 3.1.3.  ESG COMMITMENTS AND RATINGS

## ESG Commitments

Technip  Energies  is  committed  to  carrying  out  its  business activities in an ethical and transparent manner. In furtherance of this, we engage with international organizations on economic, social, and environmental issues.

## ■ UN Global Compact

Since 2021, Technip Energies is a signatory to the United Nations  Global  Compact.  By  joining  the  Global  Compact, we embrace the Global Compact's Ten Principles - which cover human rights, labor standards, the environment, and anti-corruption efforts - and contribute towards achieving Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) by 2030. See more at section 3.4.3. UN SDGs.

## ■ Building Responsibly

The  Company  has  reaffirmed  its  commitment  to  a  safe and  open  work  environment  as  a  member  of  Building Responsibly  since  2019,  and  in  2021,  as  member  of  the Steering Committee  of  this important industry body. Building Responsibly is a group of leading engineering and construction  companies  that  are  working  together  to promote  the  rights  and  welfare  of  workers  across  the industry,  and  Technip  Energies  has  been  instrumental  in the  development of tools and standards associated with the Building Responsibly Worker Welfare Principles.

## ■ Act4nature International

Technip Energies joined Act4nature International in September 2022 to reinforce its action towards conservation of nature and biodiversity.

Act4nature  International  is  a  pragmatic  alliance  initiated by businesses and stakeholders, including business organizations, NGOs and scientific institutions, to accelerate  concrete  actions  in  favor  of  nature.  To  join Act4nature International, businesses agree to 10 'common' commitments and define individual SMART commitments to be assessed by a steering group of Act4nature stakeholders. Members also commit to publicly report on the progress of their initiatives within two years of joining.

As a member of Act4nature International, Technip Energies  has  made  the  following  commitments  in  its action plan:

- Integrating biodiversity into its  global  strategy  and activities;
- Not participating  in  any  new  projects  which  would  be located  in  areas  identified  by  International  Union  for Conservation of Nature's (' IUCN ') as being most sensitive;
- Reporting  the  exposure  of  Technip  Energies'  projects and assets sites to biodiversity risk.

## ■ Syntec-Ingénierie

Syntec-Ingénierie is a professional federation of consulting engineering companies  in France. In 2021, Technip Energies signed La Charte de l'Ingénierie pour le Climat (The  Climate  Engineering  Charter).  Through  this charter,  the  signatories  undertake  to  be  proactive  in  the missions  and  projects  they  carry  out  to  reduce  their carbon  footprint  and  to  sustainably  adopt  low-carbon internal  practices  and  reduce  their  own  greenhouse  gas emissions.

The three commitments of engineering companies for the climate are:

- Acting  concretely  in  favor  of  the  climate  through  the projects entrusted to us;
- Sustainably  reducing  the  carbon  footprint  of  our  own activities; and
- Supporting our employees' commitment in favor of the climate.

## ■ EpE - Entreprises pour l'environnement

Entreprises  pour  l'Environnement (EpE)  is  an  association consisting  of  approximately  60  French  and  international large  companies  from  all  sectors  of  the  economy  which work  together  to  better  integrate  the  environment  into both their strategies and their day-to-day management.

In December of 2022, Technip Energies became a member and  shared  its  vision  of  the  environment  as  a  source  of opportunities and progress, with a broad understanding of 'environment' covering: raw materials, energy and climate change,  water,  biodiversity,  pollution,  waste,  and  health issues.

EpE believes that caring for the environment is a source of long-term value for businesses. It provides its members with a forum for best-practice-sharing and debates within the business world itself, as well as with various stakeholders such as NGOs, policy-makers or academics. EpE is committed to improving its members' practices and stimulating innovation and commitment to the environment, enhancing the business world's credibility on environment  by  publicizing  its  pioneering  achievements, and to planning ahead and analyzing sustainability issues as  an  internationally  recognized  think-tank  and  platform of expertise.

## ESG Rating Agencies

ESG analysts monitor Technip Energies' sustainability performance constantly. Through the application of different methodologies,  our  performance  is  assessed  in  relation  to environmental, social, and governance topics for inclusion in sustainability indices. These indices are used by the financial community as strategic tools to support investors in identifying risks and opportunities linked to sustainability in their  investment  portfolio,  and  supporting  the  development of sustainable investment strategies.

We are working to continually improve our positioning in ESG ratings,  aiming  to  reach  a  sector  leadership  position,  by improving disclosure on ESG matters following international reporting  frameworks  such  as  GRI  Standards,  TCFD  and SASB.

Our ESG ratings disclosed in 2022 are presented in the following graph and table:

<!-- image -->

| Sustainability external  ratings  MSCI  ESG Rating  EcoVadis  EthiFinance  Sustainalytics  S&amp;P Global  CSA  CDP Climate  Change  ISS-ESG  2022 Technip Energies  score  AAA  78/100  51/100  33.3  34  D  C-  Industry average score  A  46/100  50/100  37.7  23  C  C+  Percentile  --  99 th  --  24 th  --  --  --  Progress vs. 2021  AA to AAA  +10 points  +20 points  -4.4  +23 points  --  D+ to C-  Highlights  Industry  leader  Platinum  Medal for  Technip  Energies  France  Among top  1% of  companies  assessed by  EcoVadis  Performance  above  industry  average  Performance  above industry  average  Performance  above  industry  average  1  st  year of  reporting  Score publication date  16/12/2022  22/12/2022  27/12/2022  29/10/2022  22/12/2022  13/12/2022  01/02/2023   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 3.1.4.  TECHNIP ENERGIES BUSINESS MODEL

Our business model is designed to support the energy transition framework.

Alongside our clients,  partners  and  suppliers,  we  imagine  and  build  ambitious  projects,  technologies,  products  and  services which help them to reduce their climate and environmental impact, reach their net zero targets, and deliver affordable, reliable and sustainable energy.

In this way, we contribute to creating financial and sustainable long-term value for our stakeholders.

## Breaking boundaries to engineer a sustainable future

## Global Trends

## ENERGY DEMAND

Growing population driving energy demand growth in a context where energy security and affordability is a top priority as well as the reduction of our CO2 emissions.

## ECONOMY

Global economy recovering gradually from the pandemic but currently facing inflationary trends and war context in Ukraine.

## Gas &amp; Low Carbon Energies

- Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) and Floating (FLNG)
- Gas processing
- CO2 management, Carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS)
- Low-carbon hydrogen and associated derivatives

## Sustainable Fuels, Chemicals Circularity

- Fuels and biofuels
- Petrochemicals and biochemicals
- Ethylene
- Circularity

## New Energies

- Green hydrogen and Power-to-X
- Floating offshore wind

## DIGITAL AND TECHNOLOGY

Digital tools and technologies are now inextricably linked to the energy transition. "Digitalize to decarbonize" can accelerate the drive to carbon neutrality by using intelligent technology to leverage data and increase connectivity and accessibility:

## RACE FOR TALENTS

## Project Delivery

- Engineering; Procurement and Construction (EPC)
- Additional services as defined in contract
- Technology integration on projects

## Technology; Products and Services (TPS)

- Technology: licensing; process technologies; proprietary equipment
- Products: proprietary solutions and products (e.g. Loading Systems;, SnapLNGTM)
- Services: engineering design, consulting; project management consultancy; digital services, operations &amp; maintenance

## SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

Growing demand for "green skills' to develop a low carbon economy and expectations for diversity; inclusion; and digital connectivity to create a better work-life balance.

The energy industry and the planet are facing critical challenges such as climate change, inequality; and dwindling natural resources. These call for the most innovative energy solutions and must be addressed together by singular; inclusive and allencompassing community with a shared sense of responsibility to build a better tomorrow.

Our ESG Roadmap sets out the framework for sustainable energy transition centered around 3 strategic pillars: Climate &amp; Environment; People; and Trust. With a focus on impact-driven targets, it is designed to track progress, further our ambitions; accelerate results; and deliver a more sustainable tomorrow.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Enhance selectivity and excellence in project execution without compromising on safety

- Technology Master; an intimate understanding of technology; proprietary or partners
- Early engagement as a route to define and optimize project execution
- Build key relationships with partners; customer intimacy and strong market/geography knowledge
- Align with ESG Roadmap

## Build a sustainable energy transition business

- Apply our outstanding molecule transformation skills and engineering capabilities
- Drive change within the energy mix towards cleaner and more affordable energies
- Differentiate by developing; scaling-up and delivering new and affordable solutions and technologies

## Grow consultancy services and products

- Across the growing energy transition opportunity set
- Digital transformation as core enabler for sustainable and profitable business performance
- Reduce time to market
- Develop off-the-shelf solutions

## Foster Technology &amp; Innovation

- Build groundbreaking technologies and protect intellectual properties
- Redirect technologies and innovation towards decarbonizing the energy value chain
- Open innovation with industry partners and technology startups

## Leverage our financial framework

- Positive cash throughout project lifecycle flow
- Large backlog and extensive commercial pipeline
- Asset light business with limited CAPEX
- Robust balance sheet with strong liquidity and limited leverage

## value Bring

## Shareholders &amp; Investors

- Reduce our business risk exposure
- Create sustainable financial value

## Clients

- Partner with clients towards a net zero trajectory
- Anticipate needs and expectations
- Anticipate energy market trends
- Develop mutual trust

## Supply chain &amp; Partners

- Elaborate industry standards
- Promote knowledge sharing
- Partner with industry for technological innovation

## Innovation drivers

- Exchange know-how for a low carbon future
- Support R&amp;D and innovation from the lab to industrialization

## Employees &amp; Contractors

- Prioritize safety to protect employees and contractors
- Ensure open dialogue
- Develop learning; diverse and inclusive workplace

## Local communities

- Support volunteers
- Contribute to education initiatives
- Donate to social charities
- Respect local environment

<!-- image -->

## 3.1.5. A FOCUS ON CO2 MANAGEMENT

In  our  efforts  to  reduce  carbon  footprint  and  avoid  CO2 emissions, Technip  Energies develops and  offers to its customers a range of low-carbon solutions to support their net  zero  pathways.  Our  solutions  include  removing  CO2 emissions  such  as  carbon  capture  and  storage  (' CCS '),  or carbon capture, utilization and storage (' CCUS ').

## The role of Carbon Capture, Utilization and Storage ('CCUS') in net zero pathways

Recently, the International Energy Agency (' IEA ') stated that: 'Reaching net zero will be virtually impossible without CCUS' .

Energy  use  in  industry  generates  around  25%  of  global greenhouse gas emissions. Burning fuel to generate energy or to  produce  commodities (such as iron and steel, chemicals and petrochemicals, cement, and other industrial processes) generates  flue  gases  rich  in  CO2  that  are  rejected  into  the atmosphere. Carbon capture and storage (' CCS ') is the postcombustion process of separating CO2 from flue gases, and conditioning the gas for transportation and permanent storage  in  deep  underground  fields.  Carbon  capture  and utilization (' CCU ') is the use  of captured  CO2  for  the manufacturing of sustainable chemicals and e-fuels, as well as for the manufacturing of fertilizers (urea), for greenhouses (enhanced biomass growth) and in the food industry.

'By  removing  CO2  emissions  from  energy-intensive  industrial processes,  carbon  capture  has  an  important  role  in  the roadmap  to  net  zero  emissions  by  2050.  In  its  2022  World Energy Outlook, the IEA estimates that 1.2 Gt of CO2 will need to  be  captured  by  2030,  rising  to  6.2  Gt  by  2050.  Today's

## The CCUS value chain by Technip Energies

<!-- image -->

## Cost attractiveness is key for success

A  carbon  capture  unit  that  captures  emissions  from  a  gas turbine  power  plant  has  its  specific  energy  demand  to  be able to operate. It impacts the performance or increases the fuel consumption of the baseline plant. For CCS projects to be attractive, the cost of captured carbon (as CO2) needs to be below the cost of emitting carbon into the atmosphere. While  carbon  pricing  was  close  to  €100  per  metric  ton  in 2022 under the European Emissions Trading System (' ETS '), the total cost of capturing, transporting and storing carbon is still above this level in many cases.

capacity is 40 Mt, which means a 30-fold increase is required over  the  next  8  years.' Gauthier  Perdu,  Head  of  Carbon Capture Technologies.

## Technologies

Of  the  various  technologies  available  for  carbon  capture, absorption  is  the  most  mature,  while  other  processes  are still  in  development.  Absorption  uses  a  liquid  solvent  to separate  the  CO2  from  the  flue  gas,  and  today  represents around  90%  of  the  carbon  capture  technology  selected  for CCS. Developed in the 1990s, CANSOLV™ is a leading aminebased CO2 capture technology amongst technology suppliers with a track record of operating of carbon capture units at scale (&gt; 500 kta).

Technip  Energies  has  an  exclusive  alliance  since  2012  with Shell Catalysts  &amp;  Technologies,  which  owns  CANSOLV TM technology,  for  power  and  heat  generation  facilities.  This strategic  alliance  was  strengthened  in  2022  when  Technip Energies joined Shell's Energy Transition Campus Amsterdam to  form  a  joint,  co-located  delivery  team  dedicated  to improve  the  affordability  of  carbon  capture  projects  for customers.  We  have  the  shared  ambition  to  address  the growing demand of carbon capture facilities by developing all opportunities that makes the technology less energy intensive,  but  also  by  reducing  the  project  costs.  Our  value proposition considers energy efficiency, heat integration, solvent  management,  modularization,  standardization,  and innovative engineering solutions.

A  combination  of  higher  carbon  prices  and  clean  energy subsidies,  for  example  as  per  the  Inflation  Reduction  Act (' IRA ') in  the  USA,  will  support  the  demand  for  such projects.  Technology  breakthroughs,  project  scale-ups  and industrialization of engineering and construction are all essential to lower the cost of carbon capture and reach net zero targets.

## CCS projects by Technip Energies in 2022 at a glance

## Hafslund Oslo Celsio

- ■ Contract: Pre-FEED, FEED, Pilot and EPC
- ■ Client: Hafslund Oslo Celsio
- ■ Location: Oslo, Norway
- ■ Description: World-first carbon capture and storage project at waste-to-energy plant
- CANSOLV™ CO2 capture technology;
- 400,000  tonnes  per  year  of  CO2  to  be  captured  and liquefied (equivalent to the emissions of approximately 200,000  cars)  reducing  Oslo's  area  emissions  by  17% with an abatement rate of 95%;
- EPC  phase  started  in  July  2022  in  Technip  Energies operating center of Lyon in France;
- 50% net carbon direct removal (CDR) since 50% for the feed load to incinerator is biogenic;
- Liquefied  CO2  exported  to  Northern  Lights  -  the  first cross-border CO2 storage hub in the North Sea;
- Technip  Energies  also  provides  the  liquid  CO2  marine arms to the CO2 loading systems for transfer of CO2 to and from marine ships;
- The final investment decision (' FID ') of the project was also  supported  by  the  successful  operation  of  CO2 capture pilot unit;
- Start-up scheduled in 2026.

## Qatargas North Field East (NFE)

- ■ Contract: EPCC
- ■ Client: Qatargas
- ■ Location: Ras Laffan, Qatar
- ■ Description: The largest carbon capture and sequestration (CCS)  facility  in  the  Middle  East  part  of  the  North  Field East (NFE) onshore LNG project in Qatar
- Capture of CO2 from feed gas to 4 x 8 MTPA LNG trains;
- This  carbon  capture  and  sequestration  (CCS)  facility will contribute to the project achieving more than 25% reduction of greenhouse gas emissions when compared to similar LNG facilities.

## LaBarge

- ■ Contract: EPC
- ■ Client: ExxonMobil
- ■ Location: LaBarge, Wyoming, USA
- ■ Description: Expansion of the carbon capture capacity and storage facility of an existing gas treatment facility
- Capture of more than 1 MTPA;
- Installation  of  pipeline  to  transport  the  CO2  to  the reservoir where it will be stored;
- Technip Energies in consortium with Saulsbury Industries.

## Partnership with Svante - CO2 Capture with Solid Sorbent Technology

Technip  Energies  and  Svante  are  laying  the  groundwork  to promote  a  promising  technology  for  the  next  generation  of carbon capture units.

Svante has developed an innovative emission-free, dry-based sorbent  technology  with  a  rotating  filter  to  separate  CO2 from the flue gas. Its powerful nano-filters and rapid cycle absorbents  structured  screens  provide  high  CO2  removal capacity and enable a continuous process. Svante is making substantial investments in R&amp;D and in the industrialization of large systems to meet what is anticipated to be a substantial demand in the coming years. The ambition is to accelerate the  commercial  development  in  Europe  and  Middle  East, leveraging Technip Energies excellence in engineering design, project execution and delivery.

To know more about Technip Energies' markets and solutions, and especially our solutions regarding CO2 management,  refer  to  section  1.5.  Our  Markets  -  from traditional to emerging and 1.5.1. Gas &amp; Low Carbon Energies.

<!-- image -->

## 3.1.6.  JOIN FORCES AND BRIDGE EXPERTISE ACROSS INDUSTRIES

Working in an ecosystem to accelerate the energy transition journey, we are convinced that engaging with players within and across different industries is one of the most important ways to drive change. Here are some highlights of the partnerships and cooperation agreements we have signed in 2022.

| Company  Date  Topic  Description  Hy24, Mirova, CDPQ  17/02/2022  Investment in  Hy2gen AG  We are  jointly  investing  in  the  world's  largest  private  investment  platform  for  green  hydrogen  Hy2gen.  Our  investment  will  be  deployed in  the  construction  of  several  facilities  producing  green  hydrogen-based fuels across the globe.  Greenko  15/03/2022  Green Hydrogen  in India  Memorandum of understanding signed to explore  green  hydrogen  project  development  opportunities  in  India.  This  strategic  partnership  reinforces  our  efforts  to  deliver  a  low-carbon  future,  by leveraging expertise in feasibility studies, EPC and technology to  support green hydrogen projects.  Equinor  16/06/2022  Floating  Offshore Wind  Development  Strategic  collaboration  to  team  up  at  the  early  design  phase  of  floating  offshore  wind  farm  projects,  to  unlock  value  from  integration and maximum use of our fabrication capacities.  NPCC  19/07/2022  Energy  transition in  MENA  Joint venture establishing NT ENERGIES LLC, a new joint company,  to  operate  decarbonization  projects  to  support  the  energy  transition in the MENA region.  Agilyx  25/08/2022  Plastic recycling  Following the success of our joint pilot plant with Agilyx, we have  launched the TruStyrenyx™ brand, the only all-in-one solution for  the  chemical  recycling  of  polystyrene.  This  joint  venture  is  leveraging our purification process combined with Agilyx conversion  technology.  APChemi  08/09/2022  Plastic recycling  Cooperation  agreement  to  commercialize  APChemi's  advanced  'Pyromax'  technology  to  convert  plastic  waste  to  high-quality  pyrolysis  oil  technology  beyond  India.  This  strategic  partnership  extends our growing plastic waste-to-olefins solution portfolio.  ON shoes,  LanzaTech  and Borealis  15/09/2022  Carbon shoes  Collaboration  with  three  innovative  companies  to  produce  CleanCloud TM  , the first ever shoe made using carbon emissions as a  primary raw material. This partnership shows how recycled carbon  technology can contribute to a circular economy.  MetGen  28/09/2022  Refining  Collaboration  with  MetGen  to  industrialize  their  METNIN ®  technology  for  the  valorization  of  lignin,  which  is  a  biorefinery  waste. Instead of burning lignin, the technology transforms a high-  volume  waste  into  a  sustainable  and  renewable  alternative  to  petrochemicals and oil-based materials.  Shell Catalysts &amp;  Technologies  14/10/2022  CCS  We  strengthened  our  strategic  alliance  to  accelerate  carbon  capture and storage ('  CCS  ') projects by providing a combination of  the  latest  technology  and  project  management  excellence.  This  collaboration  will  drive  the  joint  promotion,  marketing,  licensing  and  execution  of  projects  using  Shell's  CANSOLV  TM  CO2  capture  system technology.  Baker Hughes  17/11/2022  LNG  Memorandum  of  understanding  to  cooperate  on  the  joint  development  of  a  new  large-range  liquefied  natural  gas  ('  LNG  ')  modularized solutions for the onshore market. This partnership will  contribute to reducing time-to-market for LNG.  Skyborn Renewables  08/12/2022  Offshore wind  Consortium  to  answer  the  call  for  tender  on  the  offshore  Mediterranean  project.  The  partnership  is  based  on  our  common  ambition to develop an innovative and competitive offshore wind  sector,  capitalizing  on  Technip  Energies'  historical  strength  in  optimizing  design  and  reducing  risk,  and  on  Skyborn  Renewables'  experience in the development of offshore wind projects.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.2.  ESG GOVERNANCE AND STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

## 3.2.1.  ESG GOVERNANCE

## A strengthened ESG governance model

We  are  increasing  transparency  and  accountability  across Technip Energies.

## Technip Energies ESG Governance

<!-- image -->

## Board of Directors

ESG  leadership  starts  with  our  Board  of  Directors  and extends  throughout  Technip  Energies.  Considering  the  key challenges and opportunities ESG presents to Technip Energies, the Board has appointed an ESG Committee.

The ESG Committee oversees the Company's policies, programs, and strategies related to environmental stewardship, climate change, responsible investment, corporate citizenship, health and safety, human  rights, human  capital  management,  ESG  risk  management,  and other ESG matters, as well as other social and public matters of  significance  to  the  Company.  The  ESG  Committee  also reviews and monitors the development and implementation of the Company's ESG Roadmap and reviews the Company's public  disclosures  with  respect  to  ESG  matters.  See  also section 5.1.9.3. ESG Committee.

## Board Diversity Policy

With  the  appointment  of  Colette  Cohen  to  the  Board  of Technip  Energies  in  May  2022,  the  Board  is  comprised  of seven  male  (including  the  Executive  Director)  and  three female members. The company has achieved its initial goal of a Board composition of at least 30% female and at least 30% of male members as set out in its Diversity Policy effective February 16, 2021.

Technip  Energies  remains  committed  to  strengthening  the diversity of its Board composition and its aim is that, on or before  the  date  of  the  Company's  2024  Annual  General Meeting, the Board be comprised of at least 40% female and at least 40% male members as set out in its revised Diversity

Policy  dated  March  1,  2022.  Should  all  of  the  proposed Director  nominees  be  appointed  at  the  Annual  General Meeting of May 10, 2023, the Board would be comprised of 40%  female  Directors  and  60%  male  Directors,  thereby reaching the Company's target.

See more information in section 5.4.2. Diversity Policy.

## Executive Committee

Our  Executive  Committee  members  are  tasked  with  the implementation of our ESG strategy across our businesses.

Arnaud Pieton, our Chief Executive Officer is accountable for our performance in ESG and sustainability.

Samir Karoum, Chief Strategy &amp; Sustainability Officer, oversees  strategy, sustainability  as  well  as  investments, partnerships, strategic marketing and digital. Under his organization, the Vice-President Marketing &amp; Sustainability is responsible for delivering on our ESG commitments, increasing our ambition on sustainability and positioning it at the core of our actions and performance.

To accelerate the integration of sustainability into our actions,  in  2022,  we  decided  to  reinforce  our  governance model with the creation of two bodies, an ESG Council and an ESG Operational Committee.

- ■ The ESG Council validates the ESG roadmap and scorecard, and communication strategy including the ambitions on climate, environment, people and trust, and regularly assesses its implementation to ensure the proper application of processes. The ESG Council is a subcommittee  of  the  Executive  Committee,  chaired  by  the CEO, and includes eight other members: the Chief Strategy &amp; Sustainability Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Legal Officer, the Chief Operating Officer,  the  Chief  Technology  Officer,  the  SVP  People  &amp; Culture, the SVP of Communications and the SVP Commercial.
- ■ The ESG  Operational  Committee has  16  members,  from the extended Executive Committee, including SVPs of Business Lines and SVP One T.EN Delivery, and leaders of  corporate  functions  with  various  ESG  implementation responsibilities,  including  QHSES,  People  Development, Compensation &amp; Benefits, Real Estate &amp; Facilities, Accounting, Risk Management, Investor Relations, Commercial,  Project  Delivery,  Technology  &amp;  Innovation, Legal  &amp;  Compliance,  Procurement,  Information  &amp;  Digital Services, and Communications. Chaired by the VP Marketing &amp; Sustainability, its role and mission are to:
- Build  and  update  the  ESG  Roadmap,  including  the definition of ambitions and commitments, and convert the roadmap into tangible action plans with milestones and means;
- Develop  awareness  and  learnings  about  global  and external ESG business trends;
- Follow the progress of the ESG Roadmap.

The  organization  for  each  pillar  of  our  ESG  Roadmap  is described in the respective sections of 3.3. Technip Energies ESG Performance.

To  reinforce  accountability  and  transparency  across  the Company,  ESG  metrics  are  integral  to  our  Remuneration Policy. See more details in chapter 6. Remuneration report.

<!-- image -->

## 3.2.2.  ESG POLICIES AND CERTIFICATIONS

Technip  Energies'  aim  of  building  a  better  tomorrow  is intrinsically linked to the respect of its Values. Our Code of Business  Conduct  serves  as  a  fundamental  guide  to  be followed by our directors, officers, and employees. In addition,  the  Company  has  implemented  internal  policies that complement our Code of Business Conduct and support our management systems.

Standards defined in these internal policies assign quantifiable measures and define acceptable levels of quality.  They  aim  to  make  a  policy  more  meaningful  and effective.  Procedures  establish  the  proper  steps  to  take  to operationalize  a  policy  and/or  standard.  Finally,  guidelines provide  additional  recommendations  to  clarify  expectations in relation to a given procedure.

We  are  also  committed  to  global  standards,  such  as  the United  Nations  Guiding  Principles  on  Business  and  Human Rights,  the  Universal  Declaration  of  Human  Rights  and  the International  Labor  Organization  Fundamental  Conventions, and  we  implement  ISO  standards  management  systems  in our operations all over the world.

## Code of Business Conduct

The  Code  of  Business  Conduct  is  built  on  our  Values  and reflects  the  way  we  do  business.  It  describes  the  decisionmaking and behaviors expected from our directors, officers, employees and stakeholders. It is intended to give additional guidance to ensure that we  do  business and  conduct ourselves ethically.

In  addition  to  our  Code,  we  have  policies  and  procedures. Those are published on our website at https:// www.technipenergies.com/en/about/integrity-compliance.

## Quality, Health, Safety, Environment and Security

Within  the  challenging  and  highly  competitive  global  energy industry, Technip Energies excels by making Quality, Health, Safety, Environment and Security (' QHSES ') a top priority.

Our  Global  HSE  and  Security  Policy  available  at  https:// www.technipenergies.com/sites/energies/files/2021-02/

global\_hse\_security\_policy.pdf sets our commitment to operate  in  a  manner  that  protects  the  environment  by providing  sustainable  solutions  to  minimize  our  carbon  and environmental  footprint  while  improving  our  energy  and resource  efficiency.  Our  policy  also  ensures  that  health, safety,  environment  and  security  is  managed  as  an  integral part  of  our  business  and  is  based  on  a  genuine  care  and concern for people and the environment. We  do not compromise on quality, safety, health, security, or environmental sustainability to achieve our financial objectives.

We  are  committed  to  continuously  improving  our  QHSES performance, supporting our clients in their own journey, and ensuring that we dedicate appropriate resources and expertise  to  eliminate  hazards,  reduce  risks,  and  prevent environmental  pollution  related  to  our  activities  through design, process improvement and technologies - so that we improve the world for future generations.

A key element of our QHSES management system is our set of global QHSES management standards, which are applicable to all our sites and projects. Our ISO management systems, all certified by independent  third parties, are covering a significant part of our operations worldwide:

- ■ ISO  9001  quality  management  system  for  100%  of  our operations;
- ■ ISO 14001 environmental management system for 81% of our operations, and
- ■ ISO  45001  occupational  health  and  safety  management system for 74% of our operations.

See more in sections 3.3.1.2 Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity,  3.3.2.1.  Safeguard  people  and  reinforce  wellbeing and 3.6.2. ESG Indicators.

## Human Rights

As a member  of the Steering Committee of Building Responsibly, an organization of leading companies  that promote Human Rights and welfare of workers in construction and engineering, we are closely involved in the definition  of  standards  and  the  development  of  tools  to support the industry supply chain.

Technip Energies Italy is certified to the SA8000 Standard, a leading social certification, based on the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and International Labor Organization (' ILO ') conventions, to manifest its commitment to basic human values in the workplace. These requirements are  embedded  into  its  project  management  process  and apply on major projects such as the MIDOR  Refinery Expansion  project  in  Egypt,  the  Assiut  Refinery  project  in Egypt and the Neste Singapore Expansion project.

Technip Energies Italy is audited on a quarterly basis by an external  and  independent  third  party  approved  by  Social Accountability International (' SAI ').

## 'SmartWorking'

Thanks to digital technology almost everyone can work from almost anywhere. But this accessibility to work creates other challenges.  Our  response  is  called  'SmartWorking',  which means  working  differently  to  facilitate  team  collaboration, even when we are all in different locations. This includes a Group policy for working from home which offers a flexible approach  and  is  designed  to  contribute  towards  creating  a better work/life balance.

We  are  committed  to  keeping  offices  open  and  promoting social  interaction  to  have  a  positive  impact  for  employees' well-being and enhance performance.

## Information Security, Data Privacy and Protection

Technip Energies' commitment to information security is not only specified in policies and standards, but also considered in the day-by-day activities of all Technip Energies' employees and contractors. Information security is recognized and accepted as everyone's responsibility.

Technip Energies has been engaged recently in being certified ISO  27001  and  is  actively  maintaining  a  global  certification program  that  involves  all  applicable  operating  centers  over the  world.  ISO  27001  focuses  on  a  company's  information security management system (' ISMS ') and assesses the way in which information security is integrated into their business processes.  It  helps  prove  to  customers  that  information security is a top priority for the company.

Our ISO 27001 certification applies at corporate level and is managed as a global initiative.  To  reach  this  goal,  we  went through several steps:

- ■ Implementing an ISMS;
- ■ Establishing our ISMS governance;
- ■ Performing an internal audit to evaluate the ISMS;
- ■ Undergoing an external ISO 27001 audit by an accredited third party.

In 2022, 20 entities were certified in France, the Netherlands, Italy, United Kingdom, UAE, Qatar, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, China, and India.

Moreover, Technip Energies uses the US National Institute of Standards  and  Technology  (NIST)  Cybersecurity  Framework as a reference for cybersecurity operations and for continuous improvement in performance.

## Supplier &amp; Subcontractor Integrity Expectations

We aspire to develop business relationships with like-minded partners  who  are  guided  by  a  similar  set  of  principles  of business conduct, based on trust and integrity.

Our Suppliers and Subcontractors are required to follow the applicable  laws  of  each  country  in  which  they  operate  and observe  the  principles  of  the  Technip  Energies  Code  of

Business Conduct, as well as the Technip Energies Supplier &amp; Subcontractor  Integrity  Expectations  available  at  https:// www.technipenergies.com/sites/energies/files/2021-03/ T.EN\_Supplier\_Integrity\_Expectations.pdf.

## Tax Policy

At Technip Energies, we manage tax affairs with integrity in compliance with the laws and regulations of all the countries where we operate.

Through its subsidiaries, branches and joint ventures, Technip  Energies  runs  activities  in  more  than  35  countries. The Company operates in a constantly shifting environment and is subject to complex sets of tax laws that may conflict when taken together or may be interpreted differently. This environment creates potential tax risks which require close monitoring.

We  are  committed  to  implement  sustainable  tax  and  legal structures aligned with our business activities and not aimed at driving mainly tax benefits. We recognize that all the taxes we pay or collect for governments are part of our corporate social  responsibility  and  foster  a  sustainable  ecosystem  for industry.

In this respect, Technip Energies included in the 2022 version of  its  Code  of  Business  Conduct  a  section  describing  the principles  guiding  the  Tax  Policy  which  have  been  approved by the ESG Committee of the Board and must be respected by all stakeholders.

To  support  the  effective  implementation  of  the  Tax  Policy, Technip Energies also maintains stringent internal procedures,  which  ensure  a  good  understanding  of  the  tax consequences  of  business  decisions  and  help  to  manage sources of tax risks more efficiently.

Finally,  we  are  convinced  that  maintaining  transparent  and collaborative  communication with the tax authorities in  the countries where we operate is key to build positive long-term relationships and secure our business.

To  know  more,  refer  to  the  Governance  section  of  Technip Energies' website, the Code of Business Conduct, and to this report section 4.3.5. Taxation risks and Note 13. Income tax.

<!-- image -->

## 3.2.3.  STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Our stakeholder's views and expectations are very important and will help drive Technip Energies' success. We identified our  material  ESG  topics  with  our  stakeholders  participation in  our  ESG  materiality  assessment  during  2021  (refer  to section 3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs).

We  have  taken  into  consideration  stakeholder  feedback  to build  our  ESG  Roadmap  and  we  continue  to  evolve  our strategy  and  operations  according  to  this  feedback  and  to engage  with our stakeholders through active  and  open dialogue.

Our main stakeholders are:

- ■ Clients;
- ■ Shareholders,  investors, credit institutions and  equity analysts;
- ■ Employees,  including  work  councils,  unions  or  employee representatives;
- ■ Supply chain and partners (suppliers, contractors, subcontractors, joint venture, consortium, technology integrators);
- ■ Innovation  drivers  (academia,  universities  and  research organizations, incubators, industry experts, startups, professional networks); and
- ■ Civil society (local communities, non-governmental organizations, media, public interest groups).

The engagement objectives and the way we engage with each of them are detailed in the table below.

Early 2023, Technip Energies created a new position of Public Affairs  Director  who  will  be  in  charge  of  designing  and implementing our Public Affairs strategy, ensuring that Technip Energies' activities, positions and point of views are well known and understood by relevant stakeholders, especially when it comes to the development of new policies and regulations.

In  2023,  a  complete  stakeholder  engagement  plan  will  be rolled out.

## 2022 key figures

- ■ Participation in 47 trade shows
- ■ 8.7/10 overall rating from our clients
- ■ 71%  of  participation for our first global  engagement survey, 'My Voice'
- ■ Climate Fresk: 30 internal facilitators trained; 116 workshops organized in Australia, France, India, and Malaysia; 1,330 participants, including 1,132 in Paris

## Engaging with our clients and partners

In 2022, Technip Energies participated in 47 trade shows to support  our  strategy,  present  our  solutions  and  meet  with clients and partners.

Technip Energies' expertise in advancing the energy transition was on full display in November 2022 as an exhibitor at the (' COP 27 ')  2022 United Nations Climate Change Conference in  Sharm  El-Sheikh,  Egypt.  It  was  a  great  opportunity  to promote the company's engineering and technology capabilities  in  effectively  tackling  global  climate  change.  In addition to exchanging with NGOs, administrators, and government representatives from around the world to confront  ideas  on  how  to  ensure  the  sustainability  of  our planet,  it  was  also  the  opportunity  to  engage  with  young students.  We  need  the  young  generation  of  engineers,  data scientists,  and  researchers  to  work  for  a  cleaner  energy industry.

Marco Villa, Chief Operating Officer: 'Transforming the global energy system from fossil-based to low-carbon sources is the critical  success  factor  in  limiting  global  warming.  Technip Energies is helping clients to reduce their carbon footprint by integrating energy management, energy efficiency, and carbon  capture  technologies  at  the  design  and  engineering phase  of  each  project.  We  are  actively  working  to  scale  up technology development and deployment to achieve a sustainable energy system.'

Christophe Belorgeot, Senior Vice-President of Communications: ' Our participation at COP 27 in Egypt was the  opportunity  to  highlight  our  public  commitments:  to preserve biodiversity as a member of Act4Nature International;  to  support  the  Global  Wind  Energy  Council manifesto to scale  up  investments  in  wind  power;  and  as  a founding member of the Alliance for Industry Decarbonization, which  held  its  first  executive  roundtable  at  the  COP  27 decarbonization day. We need a strong Alliance to foster the much-needed paradigm shift towards a sustainable industry . '

## Measuring client satisfaction

Our quality and commercial teams measure client satisfaction  at  different  times  of  our  projects:  during  the win-it phase, by collecting feedback on tenders we have won or lost and during the do-it phase. Surveys cover quality but also  HSE,  project  management  and  execution,  relationship with clients, schedule and compliance, adequacy of resources, commercial management, and post-delivery performance. We collect more than 200 surveys per year and get a high approval rating of 8.6/10 in 2021 and 8.7/10 in 2022 as  per  our  Quality  Global  Standard  Method.  It's  a  great achievement, that we aim to improve in the future.

## 'My Voice', our first global engagement survey

Active  listening  is  part  of  our  core  values  and  the  way  we maintain a continuous and fruitful dialogue with employees. In  2022,  we  launched  'My  Voice',  our  first  global  employee engagement survey to reflect  on  how  to  improve  employee experience and journey. The turbulent and fast-paced environment  the  company  and  its  employees  have  been exposed to since the recent creation of Technip Energies as an  independent  company  has  led  the  Executive  Team  to launch a global engagement survey and measure the pulse of employee  experience  as  people  are  the  main  asset  of  the company. Using analytics to precisely identify the issues that matter,  the  objective  of  'My  Voice'  is  also  to  support managers to retain and grow performing teams, and thereby contribute to building a better workplace and advancing an inclusive culture in every location.

'My Voice' has been addressed to all permanent employees with questions about all main dimensions driving engagement, including manager relationships, well-being, career  development,  change  management,  communications, future vision, and client focus. The methodology was developed with an external partner, to measure engagement while protecting confidentiality. More than 71% of employees took  part  in  the  survey  in  November  2022.  Aggregated answers  have  been  analyzed,  presented  to  the  Executive Committee  and  leadership  teams  to  prepare  initiatives  for 2023.

A  global  internal  webinar  has  been  organized  to  inform  all employees  about  the  key  strengths,  such  as  safety,  client focus and manager relationships as well as the main areas of attention the company will address in 2023. The results are also  analyzed  at  country  level  to  further  identify  priorities and address systematically local engagement plans to improve  where  it  matters  and  show  tangible  progress.  It  is

further  complemented  in  2023  by  a  dedicate  'Engagement Team  Talk',  a  format  run  by  managers  with  their  direct teams  to  share  main  insights  about  their  team  results  and act  on  few  team  items  ahead  of  the  next  global  survey planned in Q3 2023.

## Engaging our employees with the Climate Fresk

A  series  of  climate  change  workshops  have  proved  a  big success in several of our main operating centers and projects.

The workshops have been created by an organization called Climate Fresk, which originated in France and is now active across the world. The aim of these scientific and collaborative  workshops  is  to  discover  the  data  of  the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (' IPCC ')  on  the causes and consequences of climate change on the environment and humanity, develop our leadership on

## Stakeholder Engagement

| Clients  •  Anticipate clients' needs and  expectations  •  Anticipate energy market  trends  •  Partner up with clients toward  a net zero trajectory  •  Develop mutual trust  •  Environmental footprint of  projects  •  Safety &amp; security of teams  •  Diversity &amp; equal opportunities  •  Safety &amp; quality of our  solutions  •  Low to zero-carbon  technologies &amp; solutions  •  Corporate governance &amp;  transparency  •  Business ethics  •  Climate change mitigation &amp;  adaptation  •  Employee well-being &amp; health  •  Integration of ESG criteria in  the corporate decisions  •  Regular industry events and  trade shows  •  Hosting technology  discussions  •  Seminars for clients  •  Face to face and virtual  meetings  •  Joint communications with  clients, e.g. participation in  panel discussions  •  Customer satisfaction surveys  Shareholders,  investors, credit  institutions and  equity analysts  •  Reduce our business risk  exposure  •  Create sustainable financial  value  •  Safety &amp; security of teams  •  Diversity &amp; equal opportunities  •  Safety &amp; quality of our  solutions  •  Low to zero-carbon  technologies &amp; solutions  •  Corporate governance &amp;  transparency  •  Business ethics  •  Climate change mitigation &amp;  adaptation  •  Regular financial  communications (financial  reporting, stock exchange  releases)  •  Conference calls  •  Roadshows, individual or  group meetings  •  Capital Markets Day  Key stakeholder  group  Engagement objectives  Topics of interest  (1)  How we engage   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

climate change and encourage us to take concrete actions at personal, collective and company levels.

Climate  Fresk  internal  facilitators  have  led  the  workshops, including  for  our  leadership  and  senior  management  teams. We began conducting sessions in Paris, France, in 2022 and continued in Perth, Australia, Delhi, India, and Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

'The  workshops  help  people  explore  the  science  behind climate change and identify actions they can take to eliminate its causes and reduce its effects. Participants have said the sessions provide a reality check that makes you think about  our  impact  on  future  generations.' Tamara  Nahon, Environmental Coordinator.

This  ties  perfectly  into  our  ESG  Roadmap,  especially  our Climate and Environment pillar.

<!-- image -->

| Employees  (including work  councils, unions  and employee  representatives)  •  Dialogue and engage with the  key assets of the Company, its  people and representatives  from labor organizations,  professional bodies for  workplace well-being and  positive work environment  •  Support our people's  development  •  Develop feedback culture  •  Environmental footprint of  projects  •  Safety &amp; security of teams  •  Diversity &amp; equal opportunities  •  Safety &amp; quality of our  solutions  •  Low to zero-carbon  technologies &amp; solutions  •  Business ethics  •  Employee engagement &amp; social  dialogue  •  Employee well-being &amp; health  •  Skills development &amp; talent  management  •  Innovative solutions, cutting-  edge technologies &amp;  digitalization  •  Employees development and  performance leadership  •  Continuous listening and  employee feedback, team and  individual discussions  •  Support for health, safety and  well-being of our people  through Pulse, our global  Health, Safety and  Environment (HSE) culture  leadership and engagement  program  •  Internal events, town hall  meetings  •  Active dialogue with  employees, business line  managers, employee  representatives  •  Employee engagement survey  •  Whistleblowing system  Supply chain  and partners  (suppliers,  contractors,  subcontractors,  joint venture,  consortium,  technology  integrators)  •  Continue engagement and  partnership across our value  chain to co-construct and  apply best practices  •  Enhance sustainability, safety  and well-being within our  projects, adhering to  competition laws and human  rights principles  •  Environmental footprint of  projects  •  Safety &amp; security of teams  •  Diversity &amp; equal opportunities  •  Safety &amp; quality of our  solutions  •  Corporate governance &amp;  transparency  •  Business ethics  •  Employee engagement &amp; social  dialogue  •  Employee well-being &amp; health  •  Skills development &amp; talent  management  •  Communication of Technip  Energies' Supplier &amp;  Subcontractor Integrity  Expectations  •  Violations or suspected  violations should be reported  through the suppliers' or  subcontractors' company  contact or via Technip  Energies' Ethics Helpline  •  Evaluating counterparty's  security and reputation risks  by way of an extensive  sustainability assessment  •  External and internal audits  •  Collaborating closely with our  contractors and suppliers to  ensure a high level of safety,  efficiency and quality  Innovation  drivers  (academia,  universities and  research  organizations,  incubators,  industry experts,  startups,  professional  networks)  •  Establish co-creation model  to facilitate industry-oriented  R&amp;D and innovation through  exchange of know-how for a  low carbon future  •  Climate change mitigation &amp;  adaptation  •  Low to zero-carbon  technologies &amp; solutions  •  Sustainable use of resources  •  Protection of biodiversity  •  Integration of ecofriendly  design in our solutions  •  Innovative solutions, cutting-  edge technologies &amp;  digitalization  •  Longstanding partnership in  sustainability, energy  transition initiatives  •  Thought leadership in support  of energy sustainability  initiatives  •  Mentoring, coaching,  knowledge sharing  •  Conferences and meetings  •  Academia tie ups  •  Graduate program  •  Technology licenses  Key stakeholder  group  Engagement objectives  Topics of interest  (1)  How we engage   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Civil society  (local  communities,  NGOs, media,  public interest  groups)  •  Collaborate with local  communities for a better socio-  economic context in our  operating environment to ensure  sustainability of our business  activities  •  Environmental footprint of  projects  •  Safety &amp; security of teams  •  Diversity &amp; equal opportunities  •  Safety &amp; quality of our  solutions  •  Low to zero-carbon  technologies &amp; solutions  •  Corporate governance &amp;  transparency  •  Business ethics  •  Climate change mitigation &amp;  adaptation  •  Responsible &amp; sustainable  supply chain  •  Stakeholder relationships &amp;  dialogue  •  Employee volunteering  program  •  Local communities initiatives  &amp; programs  •  Social charity donations  •  Consultation and dialogue  with different groups of  people in local community  Key stakeholder  group  Engagement objectives  Topics of interest  (1)  How we engage   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Refer to ESG topics listed in section 3.4.2. Materiality Matrix.

<!-- image -->

## 3.3.  TECHNIP ENERGIES ESG PERFORMANCE

Technip  Energies  is  a  leading  engineering  and  technology company for the energy transition. Our success comes from our leading technologies, our unique design and engineering capabilities, construction expertise and proprietary equipment.

Climate  &amp;  Environment,  People,  and  Trust,  form  the  three pillars of our ESG Roadmap and Scorecard.

- ■ Climate &amp; Environment: We are committed to accelerate the energy transition and drive solutions for the climate.
- ■ People: We  enable  people  to  thrive.  Our  performance depends on the actions of our people and our actions are guided by our Values.
- ■ Trust: We lead responsibly. Our reputation is built on our ability  to  deliver  and  our  limitless  drive  to  enhance  our clients' performance.

This chapter illustrates these three pillars and the actions we have put in place in 2022 to reach our targets. The status at the end of 2022 is summarized in our ESG Scorecard below.

<!-- image -->

| Pillar  SDG  Ambition  2021  2022  Target  Reduce scope 1 &amp; 2 emissions compared to 2019  -30% by 2025  CLIMATE &amp;  ENVIRONMENT  Net zero scope  &amp; 2  18.2 ktCOz eq  Net zero by 2030  Data centers ISO 5001 certified  100% by 2025  95  Report full scope 3 emissions  Completed  by 2023  R&amp;D budget allocation to Energy transition  5696  100% by 2025  Main entities ISO 14001 certified  638  100% by 2025  Water consumed on sites from reused sources  50% by 2025  Waste valorized  75%  85% by 2025  Women  hiring on yearly graduate intake  50%  51.7%  50% yearly  PEOPLE  Women in leadership positions  12%  18.1%  25% by 2025  Main countries (2) have local diversity action plan  509  100% by 2025  Eligible construction sites with BBS (3) program  509  1009  100% by 2025  Entities complying with our new core benefits  Under development  90% in 2025  standard worldwide  Employees participating in the ESG learning  92.6%  90% in 2022  International Graduate Program dedicated  to Energy Transition  259  Done by 2023  Volunteering hours  14,360  21,660  30,000 by 2025  Women on the Board of Directors  309  40% by 2024  TRUST  Link compensation to ESG Roadmap performance  annually  Completed 2021  Defined for 2022  Complete yearly  Yearly ABC training for all at risk functions  75%  92.5%  290% yearly  and gatekeepers  Continued reduction of non-mandatory commercial  intermediaries  2139  -100% by 2025  Supplier and subcontractor qualification integrates  ESG criteria  608  100% by 2023  Key suppliers and subcontractors monitored  and audited on ESG performance  Under development  100% by 2025  Human Rights Due Diligence undertaken  Under development  100% by 2025  on eligible projects   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) 13 categories out of 15 (as per the Greenhouse Gas Protocol) are disclosed.

(2) France, India, Italy, USA, UAE, Malaysia, Spain, United Kingdom, Netherlands, Colombia.

(3) Behavior-Based Safety.

Note: Technip Energies considers all targets to be achieved and completed by the end of the year committed. With the exception, the 40% of women on the Board of Directors target is planned to be achieved and reported on or before the Company's 2024 Annual General Meeting.

## 3.3.1.  CLIMATE AND ENVIRONMENT

Technip  Energies  is  a  leader  in  the  natural  gas  market,  a critical  transition  fuel.  We  are  positioned  to  unlock  cleaner energy chains, improve energy efficiency, enhance performance of traditional industries, and lead the development  of  new  sustainable  energy  projects.  It  is  our responsibility to offer environmental solutions which enhance circularity and protect biodiversity. We are leveraging  innovation  and  embracing  digital  to  develop  new sustainable energy projects and  drive solutions for the climate.

## Key highlights

- ■ 2022 report includes scope 3 upstream emissions
- ■ New target to help clients avoid 15 MtCO2 eq. by 2025
- ■ 83% of 2022 R&amp;D expenses allocated to energy transition

Bruno Vibert, Chief Financial Officer: 'Our ESG Roadmap and Scorecard capture an essential part of Technip Energies that financial  reporting  on  its  own  fails  to  capture.  It  enables  a new way of taking informed decisions and realigning investment  priorities  in  a  way  that  is  more  sustainable. Combining financial  and  extra-financial  reporting  provides  a true and transparent picture of the value that we create as a company.'

Magali Castano, Senior Vice-President People &amp; Culture: 'The nature of our industry is changing faster than ever. To attract young talent and retain skills, the company purpose needs to be  meaningful  and  aligned  with  peoples'  values.  As  an engineering and technology company our people like to find solutions and deliver results. Our pioneering spirit, our passion for the energy transition and our ambition to create a better future inspires and attracts talented professionals engaged in transforming the energy industry.'

## 3.3.1.1. Decarbonize the future

Tackling  climate  change  requires  concrete  actions  to  meet the  commitments  set  out  in  the  Paris  Agreement.  As  an Engineering and Technology company with the ambition to be a global leader of the energy transition, it is our responsibility to  drive  solutions  for  the  climate  which  have  a  real  and positive long-term impact. This is the first pillar of our ESG Roadmap which sets clear targets, actions, and performance indicators  to  create  value  and  positively  impact  our  planet. Our climate strategy is designed to leverage our key competencies.

The  assessment  of  our  entire  value-chain  emissions  is  an integral part of our sustainability strategy and ESG Roadmap. We  are committed  to measuring our carbon footprint, including scopes 1, 2, 3, and avoided emissions, on an annual basis.

## 2022 key figures

- ■ 11% reduction in scope 1 &amp; 2 GHG emissions (18,179 tonnes of CO2 eq) compared to 2019
- ■ Scope  3  upstream  GHG  emissions  reported  one  year ahead of target
- ■ 7.3 million tonnes of CO2 eq of avoided emissions

## Climate Governance

Our Board is committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance for climate-related issues and their implications  on  business  strategy  and  related  plans  as  well the long-term value creation for all stakeholders.

The  Board  and  the  Executive  Committee  are  tasked  with addressing  climate  issues  and  energy  transition  through strategic  investment,  integration  into  the  business  strategy and management of risks and opportunities throughout the organization.

## Scope 1 &amp; 2

Our  primary  sources  of  greenhouse  gas  (' GHG ')  emissions, both  direct  (scope  1)  and  indirect  (scope  2),  are  from  the operations of our offices and industrial sites (manufacturing sites and R&amp;D/lab centers). Our Vice-President of Real Estate and  Facilities  is  responsible  for  collecting  data,  calculating scope  1  &amp;  2  GHG  emissions,  monitoring  and  managing  the energy consumption, enhancing energy efficiency, implementing strategies to optimize our buildings infrastructure  GHG  emissions,  and  ultimately  reducing  our carbon footprint to meet our scope 1 &amp; 2 reduction targets: -30% by 2025 and net zero by 2030.

The team is composed of experts in buildings management and energy efficiency. In 2022, they improved the scope 1 &amp; 2 GHG  emissions  calculations  methodology,  data  quality  and data  control,  and  defined  the  scope  1  &amp;  2  GHG  emissions reduction roadmap and action plans.

In  2022,  the  company  significantly  increased  the  part  of renewable electricity in our portfolio (48% of the electricity purchased in 2022) and reduced the surfaces of our offices by 12%. We signed our first climate and energy performance partnership with Icade for the Origine building, our headquarters  in  Paris.  We  plan  to  build  other  partnerships with  the  landlords  and/or  building  operating  companies  to align on common objectives.

## Scope 3

In 2021, we set up a dedicated Climate Change and Actions team to develop the quantification methodologies to allow us to  publish  our  scope  3  emissions  and  set  the  basis  for reduction targets and action plans.

The  Climate  Change  and  Actions  team  is  composed  of professionals and engineers with confirmed knowledge of our activities' value chain and projects. Building on expertise and methodologies already deployed within other existing disciplines, such as project management and engineering, the team  has  been  able  to  adapt,  extend  and  combine  similar processes to quantify GHG emissions accurately and efficiently. For example, we have leveraged existing methodologies including cost control and cost estimation to develop the methodology for estimating the scope 3 emissions.

The  combination  of  these  competencies  has  allowed  us  to achieve a leading position in carbon management services for our clients.

<!-- image -->

## Technip Energies Carbon Footprint Mapping and 2022 Key Figures

<!-- image -->

(*) Engineering, Procurement and Construction Projects.

The  carbon  footprint  calculation  methodology  and  detailed figures per scope is provided in section 3.6. Impact Book.

## Carbon Footprint - Scope 1 &amp; 2 direct emissions and energy purchased

To reach our target to reduce scope 1 &amp; 2 emissions by 30% in 2025 and achieve net zero by 2030, we have established a global Five-Point Action Plan to optimize buildings infrastructure (offices and  industrial sites)  and  improve energy  efficiency.  This  is  now  being  rolled  out  across  our main operating centers.

- ■ Surfaces: Optimize  offices  surfaces  and  maximize  their occupancy;
- ■ Energy: Reduce  the  purchased  energy  consumption  of buildings by 15% in 2025 (in absolute terms) compared to 2021, by 40% in 2030, by 50% in 2040 and by 60% in 2050;
- ■ Efficiency: Select  energy-efficient  buildings  and  renovate the  least  efficient  buildings  to  meet  the  best  standards (i.e. LEED  platinum  or  equivalent), obtain ISO  50001 certifications for owned buildings by 2025, perform energy efficiency and carbon technical audits of our buildings on a regular basis, with the target to have all buildings larger than 500 m 2 audited in 2025;
- ■ Renewables: Maximize  the  use  of  renewable  energies. Replace fossil fuels with renewable or low-carbon energy in 50% of offices by 2025, and 100% of offices by 2030;
- ■ Training/Awareness: Train reference teams in energy management and decarbonization. Promote best practices and  guidelines  to  encourage  everyone's  energy  efficiency and  reduce  the  use  of  energy-intensive  and/or  polluting equipment.

Our offices  in  Houston,  the  Middle  East  and  India  have  the highest scope  1 &amp; 2 emissions  due  to  the  use  of  air conditioning  in  hot  and  humid  weather  conditions  and  in certain cases, poor quality of the infrastructure. In Houston, we plan to rationalize our legacy office spaces at lease end and we target to move to a single, low-emissions site.

In  the  Middle  East,  we  plan  to  work  with  the  landlord  and reduce  our  energy  consumption  and  carbon  emissions  by renovating  the  infrastructure.  In  India,  we  have  audited  the sites that we own, and the plan is to renovate those sites in the next 2-3 years and maximize the production of renewable energy at site. The offices in Mumbai and Chennai have  already  contracted  renewable  electricity  suppliers  in 2022. The challenge is to continue to reduce our emissions and energy consumption while integrating business growth.

## Energy sobriety plan

The offices of all main operating centers started to deploy an ambitious  energy  sobriety  plan  from  October  2022.  The preliminary  results  are  very  encouraging.  These  group  and local  initiatives  are  all  pilot  sites  to  help  us  in  our  learning curve  to  evaluate  the  measures  having  the  greatest  impact while  maintaining  comfort  for  the  occupants  and  business operations.

As an example, in France, the EcoWatt program was launched  in  2022  to  reduce  the  strain  on  the  electricity network. The program alerts users to peaks in demand and recommends actions to reduce consumption and spread the load.

'In  line  with  the  EcoWatt  program,  we  have  committed  to implement  a  series  of  permanent  measures  to  reduce  the energy consumption of our Paris and Lyon sites. The minimum guaranteed temperature is set to 19°C, and we are reducing or improving the use of certain equipment  and  raising awareness  of eco-actions. We  have  closed one of our buildings in Paris in December 2022, with the transfer of more than 650 people to our Origine headquarters, which benefits from  geothermal  and  solar  photovoltaic  renewable  power. The  preliminary  results  show  a  decrease  of  15%  to  20%  in electricity  consumption  in  Paris  in  November  and  December 2022. More savings are expected from January 2023 after the move of all Paris-based employees to Origine.'

Frédérique Le Moigne, Vice-President Real Estate and Facilities

## Carbon Footprint - Scope 3 indirect emissions

Unlike manufacturing  companies,  Technip Energies, with some exceptions, does not operate nor own any production assets  but  provides  design,  technologies  and  management services  for  its  clients.  This  unique  company  profile  means that  scope  1  and  2  emissions  are  relatively  limited  when compared to scope 3 emissions. However, the quantification of scope 3 emissions is a complex and technically challenging topic,  especially  for  the  greenhouse  gas  (' GHG ')  emissions related to the projects developed for our clients.

The dedicated Climate Change and Actions team, composed of professionals and engineers with confirmed knowledge of our value chain and project activities, developed quantification  methodologies.  These  methodologies,  which have been reviewed and validated by an external third party, allows us for the first time to publish our scope 3 upstream emissions and set the basis for future reduction targets and action plans.

Details on the methodology are provided in section 3.6. Impact Book.

## Approach to quantify scope 3 emissions

Building  on  expertise  and  methodologies  already  deployed within other existing disciplines, including project management and control, process and technology, engineering, procurement,  transport, construction, digital, and  HSE,  the  Climate  Change  and  Actions  team  has  been able  to  adapt,  extend  and  combine  similar  processes  to quantify GHG emissions accurately and efficiently.

Using  the  large  volume  of  information  already  collected  in our databases for the needs of these activities, we can apply emissions factors to known quantities, to estimate the scope 3 indirect emissions of our activities and ensure its completeness. In this way, we use our engineering expertise to  make  the  quantification,  based  on  physical,  quantified, actual  and  certified  data  developed  and  used  by  other disciplines. This approach guarantees a good level of accuracy  of  the  calculated  figures  based  on  proven  and reliable processes, and data sources tested internally and by our clients.

These  methodologies  are  based  on  the  Greenhouse  Gas Protocol requirements while the ISO and EN standards have been  used  as  guidance.  An  appropriate  emission  factors database  has  been  developed  based  on  available  external databases,  data  from  suppliers  and  in-house  calculated emission factors. The methodologies involve over 30 processes, which are all documented, checked internally and reviewed by an external third-party.

The  combination  of  these  competencies  has  allowed  us  to achieve a leading position in carbon management services for our clients.

We  can  use  these  methodologies  to  estimate  the  carbon footprint  of  future  projects  during  pre-investment  stages from conceptual to FEED and EPC proposals. These approaches are sufficiently detailed that the parameters can be  used  at  the  design  phase  to  lower  a  project's  overall carbon footprint, providing value for our clients and contributing to our sustainability offer.

'Establishing robust methodologies to quantify and calculate scope  3  emissions  has  been  a  team  effort,  leveraging  and combining the skills and expertise from across the operations and  business  lines.  In  2023,  we'll  be  looking  to  apply  this approach to manage other environmental factors. By accurately  quantifying  indirect  emissions  and  environmental impacts,  we  can  take  effective  and  targeted  measures  to reduce  them.  In  this  way,  Technip  Energies  is  committed  to reducing  its  overall  environmental  footprint  and  that  of  its clients.' Nathalie  Balland-Ferreres,  Head  of  Climate  Change and Actions

Scope  3  indirect  emissions  have  been  separated  into  two scopes:  upstream  (i.e.  the  project  development  phase)  and downstream  (i.e.  the  project  operation  phase).  Figures  for each  scope  3  category  are  available  in  section  3.6.2.  ESG Indicators of the Impact Book.

## Scope 3 Upstream

While  scopes  1  &amp;  2,  with  the  addition  of  business  travel, employee commuting and other activities related to our own assets and people, represent Technip Energies' carbon footprint as an engineering and services company, our scope 3 upstream represents Technip Energies' carbon footprint as an EPC contractor.

Indirect  emissions,  mainly  from  our  procurement,  transport and  subcontracted  construction  activities  amounted  to  1.5 million tonnes of CO2 equivalent (' tCO2 eq ')  in  2021  and  1.8 million tCO2 eq in 2022. The increase is explained by higher EPC activities in 2022 compared to the previous year.

These emissions also include business travel, which declined drastically in 2020 and 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic; they  increased  in  2022  but  remain  below  pre-pandemic levels.

For  the  projects  that  are  under  development,  the  carbon footprint reported reflects the progress achieved during the year in the same way that annual revenue is reported in our financial results.

## Scope 3 Downstream

Quantification  of  indirect  emissions  from  our  clients'  plant operations will be reported in 2023.

## Emissions avoided thanks to our solutions

This measure captures the emission reductions of our clients that have been achieved through our projects. Because of the different nature and variety of the projects and solutions that Technip Energies provides, we have decided, for this year, to focus the reporting of avoided emissions on carbon capture projects  only.  Each  of  these  projects  are  compared,  as reference scenario or baseline, to the same project without the  carbon  capture  unit.  In  the  coming  years,  the  types  of emission reductions will be enlarged.

We currently have three carbon capture projects in the EPC stage: the Qatargas NFE project in Qatar, the Hafslund Oslo Celsio project in Norway, and the ExxonMobil LaBarge Refinery Expansion project in Wyoming, US. We have calculated that these three projects have allowed clients to avoid  1.8  million  tCO2  eq  in  2021  (thanks  to  one  project started) and 7.3 million tCO2 eq  in 2022 (thanks to three ongoing projects). By 2025, these savings are expected to reach 15 million tCO2 eq.

<!-- image -->

## 3.3.1.2 Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity

For Technip Energies, tackling climate change and protecting the environment goes beyond the scope of our own operations. It forms an integral part of the products, services, and  solutions  that  we  offer  our  clients.  In  line  with  our ambition to be a global leader of the energy transition, it is our  responsibility  to  offer  environmental  solutions  which enhance circularity and protect biodiversity.

## 2022 key figures

- ■81% of our main operating centers are certified ISO 14001
- ■19% of water consumed on sites comes from reused sources
- ■87% of waste generated on construction sites are recovered

## Governance

The Company is committed to operating in compliance with all applicable environmental regulations, laws, and international codes and standards, wherever we operate. As outlined in our Global HSE and Security Policy, environmental management is everyone's responsibility at Technip Energies.

The ESG Committee advises and recommends to the Board appropriate environmental practices, initiatives and programs and oversees the Company's progress in implementing these. The effective implementation of environmental policy depends  on  management's  commitment,  the  accountability of every entity, an ongoing dialog with key stakeholders and a chain  of  responsibility  that  extends  across  the  Company workforce.

Our  environmental  management  system  and  standards  are the  responsibility  of  our  Chief  Operation  Officer  (' COO '), supported  by  our  Vice-President  of  Quality,  Health,  Safety, Environment and Security (' QHSES '). All entities and projects within  the  Company  are  managed  by  dedicated  QHSES managers and directors, with a team of QHSES engineers and supervisors responsible for the application of environmental rules and standards in their respective areas to ensure that our  environmental  requirements  are  implemented  correctly. All  employees  receive  environmental  training  in  accordance with our Code of Business Conduct.

A  Global  Environmental  Manager  is  tasked  with  monitoring the performance and coordinating a network of environmental  specialists  from  all  main  operating  centers. The  environment  network  designs  environmental  programs, supports  the  enhancement  of  our  overall  environmental performance  and  develops  global  environmental  initiatives involving all our countries and projects.

## A solid environmental management system in place

## A dedicated environmental team

Environment  specialists  from  all  regions  and  business  lines assess  the  environmental  risks  and  opportunities  of  our projects and assets, harmonize and coordinate environmental practices across our work processes and report quantitative and qualitative data from our operations.

The  environmental  team,  comprising  about  130  specialists worldwide,  is  directly  involved  on  projects.  They  notably conduct  technical  studies,  including  environmental  aspects identification (' ENVID '), which is a multi-disciplinary analysis of  project  impacts,  carried  out  at  the  design  and  execution stage.

## Extending ISO 14001 certification across our operating centers

The  ISO  14001  standard  sets  out  the  requirements  for  an Environmental Management System to provide global consistency in the face of increasingly complex environmental risk. At December 31, 2022, 25 (or 81%) of our main  operating  centers  were  ISO  14001  certified,  including main  offices,  managed  projects  and  industrial  sites  with more  than  50  employees.  We  are  on  track  to  achieve ISO 14001 certification of all our main entities by 2025.

## Measuring environmental performance

The  scope  of  environmental  reporting  for  Technip  Energies includes 75 sites in 2022, of which half are temporary project sites  (construction  and  yards)  and  the  rest  are  permanent offices  and  industrial  assets.  For  all  of  them,  the  following environmental data are reported on a monthly basis:

- ■ Energy,  water  and  material  consumption  (by  substance and source type);
- ■ Air,  effluent  and  waste  emissions  (by  substance  and management type);
- ■ Biodiversity impacts.

Detailed indicators are given in section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators of the Impact Book.

## Responsible energy, water and waste management on projects

Technip Energies is actively seeking to optimize the resources in use in all the sites that we manage and in the project designs that we offer to clients.

## Energy management

Our Global HSE and Security policy includes a clear commitment to continuously improve our energy and resource efficiency whether in the designs we provide or in the way we execute projects. The annual energy consumption of  our  offices,  industrial  sites  and  projects  we  execute  for our  clients  (construction  sites  and  yards)  is  presented  in section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators of the Impact Book.

The energy consumption of our projects increased in absolute value in 2022 compared to 2021. This is mostly due to few mega projects, located in remote areas, which depend on  diesel  generators  for  their  energy  supply,  notably  at decisive stage such as commissioning.

In 2022, the share of clean electricity in our energy consumption  continued to increase significantly due to electricity from renewables being available from the grid, or from  internal  production  (solar  or  energy  recovery  from compressors notably).

## Water management

As per our ESG Scorecard, we target 50% of water consumed by our sites to come  from reuse sources (rainwater, internally treated wastewater and treated wastewater coming  from  another  organization)  by  2025.  In  2022,  we reached  19%  compared  to  21%  in  2021.  It  should  be  noted that for projects, the water management  opportunities depend on the construction and commissioning phases.

Guidelines have been developed to improve water management and reuse all waters, wherever possible, whatever  the  project  phase.  In  addition,  we  are  developing awareness initiatives to enhance the site practices regarding water management.

## Hydrotesting and system cleaning

During  the  construction  and  commissioning  phases  of  a project,  hydrotesting  and  system  cleaning  represents  the largest  volume of water consumption. Hydrotesting involves testing the critical components of a plant such as the piping systems,  gas  cylinders,  boilers,  and  pressure  vessels.  It  is done  by  completely  filling  the  components  with  a  liquid, usually water and pressurizing the system to test for leaks. During  commissioning  activities,  water  is  used  to  clean  the systems  (pipes  mainly),  with  or  without  inhibitors,  such  as flushing, hydro-jetting, chemical cleaning, steam blowing.

- ■ In Singapore, the NESTE project team took advantage of a government program to supply 'certified reused water' to industries.  In  2022,  80%  of  the  water  consumed  by  this site  came  from  this  source  (note:  this  is  defined  in  our reporting as wastewater coming from another organization).  In  addition,  the  project  team  introduced innovative  measures  to  collect  and  filter  stormwater  for reuse.

## Waste management

As  per  our  ESG  Scorecard,  we  target  85%  of  waste  to  be recovered by 2025. In 2022, we reached 87% thanks to the reuse  of  soil,  rocks  and  dredging  materials  generated  by various projects during site preparation and excavation phases. These materials are fully reused directly within the construction sites, mostly for backfilling.

The volume of waste to be managed varies a lot along the different phases of project development. The early phases of site preparation involve managing huge quantities of soil and rocks which are generally easy to recycle or reuse. During the commissioning  phases,  there  is  less  solid  waste  and  more wastewater,  which  requires  alternative  recycling  processes. The availability of local facilities  to  treat  and  recycle  waste has also a great impact on the project ability to improve the performance of sites in terms of waste recovery.

- ■ In Mexico, the ECA project site achieved a performance of 98%  waste  soil  and  rocks  valorized.  Crushed  rocks  and soil have been reused locally.
- ■ In Egypt, the MIDOR project has seen its waste recovery performance improved from 68% in 2021 to 77% in 2022, mostly due to a systematic recycling of wood and scrap metal.

## Environmental incident management

The prevention of environmental incidents is of the utmost importance to our Company, to our clients and to the society in general. At Technip Energies, all operating centers, assets and projects have an environmental incidents reporting system within their HSE management system, in compliance with our internal mandatory standards.

In 2021, we initiated a new program to raise awareness and speed  up  reparations.  In  2022,  we  have  continued  this journey with our teams to ensure complete reporting of any environmental  incidents  that  could  negatively  affect  the environment,  whether  directly  or  indirectly.  However,  the number  of  reported  incidents  increased  in  2022,  especially due to one project entering a phase of intensification of its construction activities. Root cause analyses have been carried out and remedial action plans  implemented  to prevent and minimize likelihood and severity level of further incidents.

In  2023,  our  focus  will  remain  to  minimize  likelihood  and severity level of any incident.

## ZOOM - Features that reduce the environmental impact of the Qatargas NFE project in Qatar

- ■ NFE design will emit approximately 25% less CO2 than a normal LNG plant through:
- A CO2 capture and sequestration (CCS) system that will be  the  largest  of  its  kind  in  terms  of  capacity  in  the LNG  industry,  and  will  be  one  of  the  largest  ever developed anywhere in the world;
- A better energy efficiency due to waste heat recovery facilities;
- Electrical  power  from  Kahramaa  national  grid  which will  include  power  coming  from  Qatar's  future  solar projects.
- ■ The project will conserve 11.1 million cubic meters of water per year by recovering 75% of the plant's tertiary water for re-use within the plant's fresh cooling water system.
- ■ NFE project also includes a permanent wastewater treatment  plant,  with  interconnecting  pipelines  and  an irrigation network designed to treat wastewater for more than 54,000 people.
- ■ Gas  Turbine  NOx  emissions  will  be  reduced  by  60% through the application of Ultra Low NOx DLN1+ technology.

## Enhance circular economy as an overall approach

Enhancing  circularity  means  shifting  from  the  traditional 'take-make-dispose' economic model to one that is regenerative by design. The circular economic model proposes  to  minimize  our  impact  on  the  environment  by optimizing the resources in use (natural and material) in the project early phases, and by promoting recycling practices in all our business, from engineering, procurement to construction.

Energy  efficiency  measures  taken  by  Technip  Energies  are one of the first steps in preserving resources, but we plan to consider  every  possible  action  to  reduce  consumption  of other  resources,  in  particular  water  and  raw  materials  and we  facilitate  reuse  practices  and  recycled  goods  whenever possible  across  the  life  cycle  of  each  facility  we  design  or operate. A more circular economy will enable our industry to reduce pressure on the environment and on the society as it will  improve  the  security  of  the  supply  of  raw  materials  to create long-term value for all.

The circular economy  approach  of  Technip Energies is focused on the following drivers:

- ■ Eco-Design: by conducting studies to anticipate the environmental impact at the early stages of all processes and  minimize  externalities  of  our  projects,  products  or services.
- ■ Sustainable  supply  chain:  by  incorporating  sustainability criteria  in  the  supplier  and  subcontractor  qualification process, and by studying how to support our partners in the improvement of their environmental performances.
- ■ Responsible consumption and management: by minimizing the  use  of  energy,  water,  and  materials  whenever  it  is possible, and by recovering a maximum of water consumed, waste and wastewater generated at our sites.

<!-- image -->

## Helping clients select the best environmental solutions

At Technip Energies, we offer our clients environmental and economic  solutions  at  every  stage  of  their  projects,  by  the integration  of  ISO  14001  requirements,  from  the  conceptual design  phase  to  execution  phase.  Analyzing  our  clients' specific context and ambitions allows us to provide decisionmaking  support  to  implement  an  environmental  strategy adapted to their projects.

We  encourage  our  clients  to  adopt  a  circular  economy approach when relevant, notably through eco-design which is the most  effective driver to reduce the environmental impacts. By carrying out Environmental Aspects Identification (' ENVID ') at an early stage of project development, whenever it  is  practicable,  we  can  assess  potential  impacts  of  each planned  site  activities,  and  make  recommendations  for  a safer and more cost-effective design and project execution. We can also provide our clients with Best Available Techniques (' BAT ') to prevent and control industrial emissions of pollutants, especially for the projects located in Europe.

In  addition,  we  have  in-house  expertise  in  performing  Life Cycle Assessments (' LCA '). The objective is to measure and reduce the environmental impacts of technologies, equipment or units from cradle to gate, and to address our customers'  requests  in  terms  of  environmental  protection. Moreover, once the plant has been commissioned, we offer a wide range of digital services for operation and maintenance, to  optimize  performance,  reduce  downtime,  and  minimize utilities consumption.

## Protect biodiversity

At Technip Energies, we are committed to protecting biodiversity.  The  UN  Biodiversity  Conference,  or  COP15,  held in  December 2022, highlighted the importance of protecting biodiversity  for  our  well-being  and  the  global  economy.  For the first time, a historic agreement was reached, setting out a Global Biodiversity Framework (' GBF ') to conserve, protect, and  restore  a  sustainable  management  of  biodiversity  and ecosystems for the future.

In  2022,  our  Global  HSE  team  conducted  a  biodiversity assessment  of  our  sites  (projects,  manufacturing  units  and offices) with the support  of a third-party  expert  from Biodiv'Corp, to map our exposure to biodiversity risk.

Exposure has been qualified and ranked from low to extreme using 2 criteria:

- ■ physical  proximity  to  protected  areas  according  to  the International  Union  for  Conservation  of  Nature  (' IUCN ') and  areas  of  interest  (i.e.  biodiversity  hotspots  and  key biodiversity areas);
- ■ type of activity conducted on site.

Based on this first evaluation, we identified that no site was concerned in 2022 by Technip Energies newly defined exclusion zones (IUCN category I). However, 5 sites have been identified as top priority where specific action plans will be developed.  Next  year,  we  will  continue  to  roll  out  our biodiversity program, including:

- ■ refinement of our internal geographical system information tool allowing the commercial and operations teams  to  identify  the  level  of  biodiversity  risk  of  our projects, including the prospects;
- ■ implementation  of  guidelines  for  relevant  objectives  and actions according to the risk level identified;
- ■ preparation of new internal standards and training materials,  with  the  aim  of  supporting  our  teams  to proactively protect biodiversity wherever we operate.

As an example:

- ■ in  Mexico  at  the  ECA  LNG  project,  we  trained  dedicated staff on biodiversity management, including on the concrete actions to relocate sensitive species. A total of 13 people work day and night to keep animals away from the  site.  In  2022,  as  part  of  the  site  preparation  phase, 662 individual fauna (79% mammals, 17% reptiles and 4% poultry)  have  been  safely  relocated  and  210  individual flora species (cactus, trees) preserved in dedicated nurseries.

## Act4nature International

In  September  2022,  Technip  Energies  joined  Act4nature International  (https://www.act4nature.com/en/)  to  reinforce its  action  towards  conservation  of  nature  and  biodiversity. Act4nature is an international alliance initiated by businesses and stakeholders, including NGOs and scientific institutions, to  accelerate  action  in  favor  of  nature.  Since  its  launch  in 2020, 67 companies  have  now  joined  the  alliance  and formally agreed to ten common commitments. To join, each member company must define its individual SMART commitments which are validated by Act4nature stakeholders and to publicly report on the actions effectively implemented within two years.

By joining Act4nature International, Technip Energies is publicly committed to protect biodiversity; in particular:

- ■ we  voluntary  decided  to  avoid  in  the  future  any  new projects inside the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (' IUCN ') most sensitive areas, i.e. categories  Ia  and  Ib  as  defined  and  listed  in  the  World Database of Protected Areas (' WDPA '); and
- ■ we confirmed our will to integrate biodiversity risks in our business  processes,  starting  at  the  earliest  phase  of project  life  cycle  and  based  on  specific,  measurable, achievable, relevant, and time-bound commitments.

## 3.3.1.3. Accelerate innovation and digitalization

The energy transition requires innovation to generate brandnew  inventions  as  well  as  new  ways  of  applying  existing technology  to  generate  new  solutions.  At  Technip  Energies we  believe  we  have  a  critical  role  to  play  on  this  journey. Innovation  is  driven  by  our  pioneering  spirit  and  collective intelligence and written into our DNA.

The contribution that digital transformation can make to the energy  transition  is  evolving  very  fast  which  is  why  we  are putting a lot of effort to transform Technip Energies into a data-driven  company.  This  means  promoting  a  data  culture throughout the company, to empower people with the skills to correctly manage data and to identify areas where we can create more value from data. Having a data culture enables us  to  develop  new  digital  services  to  help  clients  make carbon-conscious  choices  at  the  design  phase,  to  monitor plant performance, or to support training by using advanced visual  simulations. By adopting a digital-by-design approach to  develop  and  scale  up  new  energy  solutions,  we  can accelerate the way we execute projects and reduce time to market.

## 2022 key figures

- ■ 83% of R&amp;D budget allocated to energy transition
- ■ Over 350 ideas submitted for the 2022 Innovation Challenge

## Technology and Innovation

We are increasing our R&amp;D focus in the energy transition and establishing  technology  pathways  for  our  clients  to  achieve their net zero ambitions.

In  2022,  we  allocated  83%  of  our  total  R&amp;D  expenses  to energy  transition,  amounted  to  €41.1  million  on  the  total €49.5 million R&amp;D expense, with the objective to reach 100% of  our  R&amp;D  budget  to  be  allocated  to  energy  transition  by 2025.

Within  the  Technology  and  Innovation  activities,  R&amp;D  is focused  on  energy  transition  including  2  main  categories: low-carbon  solutions  (such  as  blue  hydrogen)  and  carbonfree  solutions  (such  as  green  hydrogen).  More  than  600 employees  are  working  on  200+  R&amp;D  programs  globally, including in our 2 technology laboratories located in Frankfurt, Germany, and Weymouth, Massachusetts, USA. In 2023,  we  will  continue  to  increase  our  Technology  and Innovation  portfolio,  including  R&amp;D  spending  oriented  to lower the carbon footprint of LNG.

Refer  to  section  2.1.4.  Technology  &amp;  Innovation  for  more information.

## Innovation Challenge: sharing ideas for a sustainable future

Daily innovation is the beating heart of Technip Energies. As the  energy  transition  accelerates,  the  Innovation  Challenge has been designed to offer employees across the company, whatever  their role,  and  wherever  they  are  based,  the opportunity to express their ideas and become fully-fledged intrapreneurs.

The  theme  of  the  innovation  challenge  was  'Let's  Say Goodbye  To Carbon' and there were 3 categories for innovation:

- ■ Technologies for tomorrow's energies;
- ■ Sustainable habits;
- ■ Digital to green solutions.

'This is more than just an award. For the very first time, we will  reward  our  successful  innovators  with  the  resources  to transform their ideas into reality and be recognized throughout the company as pioneers. Across all our areas of activity,  this  award  will  help  to  nurture  new  ideas  and  fresh thinking.' Virginie Lehning, Corporate Innovation and Incubation Lead

- ■ More  than  350  ideas  were  submitted  during  the  idea submission phase;
- ■ 15 ideas (5 finalists per category) were selected by the jury for the employees vote;
- ■ 4 winning ideas will be selected (1 per category + 1 special prize)  to  join  the  intrapreneurship  program  to  transform ideas into reality.

## Digital innovations to drive sustainable solutions

While decarbonization technologies exist, we need innovation and digitalization, powered by data, to accelerate and realize the  full  potential  of  the  decarbonization  journey.  With  a solution-oriented approach connecting data across the entire project life cycle, we are making sustainable changes to the way  we  operate,  broaden  opportunities,  and  support  new business models. At Technip Energies, our digital and dataenabled  solutions  will  help  us  to  improve  safety  through virtual-reality  training,  improve  efficiency  and  save  energy with digital twin technology, as we journey towards a carbonneutral future.

Here  are  several  key  examples  of  our  digital  solutions.  For more information refer to chapter 2 Value creation, businesses and financial performance.

## BirdVIGI TM , an innovative digital solution to protect migrating birds

This is a unique example of how digital innovation can drive sustainable solutions in favor of biodiversity protection.

Technip Energies has developed and patented an innovative digital solution, 'BirdVIGI TM by T.EN', which predicts migrating birds as they approach industrial facilities and indicates how to  lower  the  structure  lighting  accordingly.  The  tool  uses public  databases  for  weather  and  migration  information, enriched with ornithological data, to create predictive models which allows  operators  to  adapt  the  light  intensity  of  their installations  during  migration  periods  of  endangered  birds. The solution was awarded a silver medal by Republik IT for data innovation.

Adopted  at our clients' onshore and offshore facilities located in migratory corridors, this solution mitigates disruption to bird migration. Watch this video to know more: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPkHznEM6Vk

<!-- image -->

## Ultra Front End™

Developed  by  Genesis,  the  Ultra-Front-End  Suite  facilitates the conceptual phase of initial field development. Identifying risks, estimating carbon emissions and comparing mitigating options from the first inception of the project helps clients to make informed decisions, facilitates investment decisions, and ensures maximum value is realized.

## Plant Operator Digital Simulator (PODS)

Plant safety and productivity is a priority for our clients and integral to our designs. Combining our engineering phase 3D models and dynamic simulation models we have developed an  immersive  and  interactive  training  solution  for  field  and control  room  operators  for  safe  and  productive  learning. Using  CETO ® ,  an  interactive  simulation  framework  for  realtime simulation of Oil and Gas operations, PODS is designed to provide the most  realistic interactive training in an inherently safe environment.

<!-- image -->

## 3.3.2.  PEOPLE

Technip  Energies  is  a  people  company. Our  performance depends  on  the  actions  of  our  people  and  our  actions  are guided  by  our  Values.  We  don't  compromise  on  safety.  We have a passion for excellence and strive for quality and client satisfaction.  We  believe  a  diverse  and  inclusive  workplace encourages  collaboration  and  drives  performance,  so  we empower people to continuously learn and develop skillsets to  solve  real  world  energy  problems  for  our  clients  and  for the communities around us.

## Key highlights

- ■ Safety  targets  are  now  formalized  goals  within  our  ESG Scorecard: Zero fatalities and TRIR below 0.10
- ■ 18%  of  women  in  leadership  positions,  new  targets  to increase women in the workforce
- ■ Focus on training; 92.6% of employees participated in ESG learning
- ■ Launch  of  Technip  Energies  new  International  Graduate Program dedicated to energy transition

Alain  Poincheval,  Fellow  Executive  Project  Director: 'Our people are vital, they are the ones that make things happen, so their safety is our top priority, embedded in our culture, our values, and our daily behavior. Our PULSE program puts HSE at the heart of our operations to ensure that we work better and safer together.  Teamwork is the key to our success. By fostering  a  collaborative  mindset  and  motivating  people  to outperform,  we  mobilize  the  best  resources  through  our multi-center execution centers to deliver the most challenging projects.'

Wei Cai, Chief Technology Officer: 'We cannot deliver technology  and  innovation  without  capable  and  talented people. A big part of a leader's role is to empower our people -  to  ignite  the  internal  fire  of  each  employee  and  keep  it burning.  We  want  to  make  Technip  Energies  a  place  where every  employee  can  maximize  their  potential.  To  grow  a strong  and  diverse  talent  pipeline  requires  deliberate  effort. We  have  taken  actions  on  multiple  aspects  to  nurture  a diverse  workforce,  with  a  company-wide  focus  on  growing women  talent,  by  providing  various  channels  of  mentoring, coaching, and networking opportunities. 'Be confident, reach out, and never underestimate what you're capable of,' is the message that I give to all of our young engineers.'

## 3.3.2.1. Safeguard people and reinforce wellbeing

Technip Energies has placed safety at the core of its values and is committed to ensuring the safety of its employees and all the people we work with. We continue to strengthen our HSE  culture  and  leadership.  This  aligns  with  our  focus  on caring for people. PULSE,  our  Global  HSE  Culture  and engagement program, is designed to extend HSE principles to all those we work and live with.

## 2022 key figures

- ■ 100% of eligible construction sites with BBS program
- ■ TRIR of 0.09 in 2022, stable compared with 2021, even as project activity and working hours increased

## Health and safety training, retention and automation

We  don't  compromise  on  Safety.  It  is  entrenched  in  our Values.  We  carry  out  regular  health  and  safety  training,  we have  dedicated  safety  moments,  and  specialized  staff,  but how much of this training  is  retained  so  that  acts  become automatic? Our knowledge retention program is designed to identify what has been forgotten. We have a dedicated team on  project  sites,  whose  role  is  to  question  workers  and identify  safety  knowledge  gaps,  so  that  we  can  provide targeted training  programs  and  reactivate  knowledge  to required levels. We are continuously measuring, training and re-measuring,  it's  an  ongoing  process  from  the  moment  a project starts, right through to completion.

## Behavior-based safety (BBS) program

The behavior-based safety (' BBS ') program involves training observers  to  observe  workers  on  site,  to  identify  blockers that  prevent  safe  execution,  and  to  then  discuss  ways  of making  work  safer.  Observers  are  not  inspectors,  instead they  encourage  a  very  positive  approach  to  HSE  on  site  by acknowledging  and  reinforcing  safe  behavior.  Their  findings are  then  raised  at  site  steering  committees  to  see  what improvements can be provided. All eligible projects, managed and  controlled  by  Technip  Energies,  now  have  the  BBS program in place.

In  2022,  we  identified  17  eligible  construction  sites  for  the BBS program and all of them were trained and delivered the BBS program by the end of the year.

## PULSE program

PULSE is our flagship engagement program that puts HSE at the heart of our operations. Its focus is on physical as well as mental  well-being  and  promoting  a  work  environment  that helps us to look after one another.

PULSE is for everyone, no matter what role we have. It is a leadership program which is designed to train people about their  HSE  responsibilities  and  create  a  HSE  culture  which integrates the importance of influence and expectations. The program  encourages  everyone  to  identify  actions  in  their capacity of responsibility that can influence HSE performance at all levels of the company. A new e-learning program has been designed to give a better understanding of the importance of PULSE. The program will allow us to get on the same beat, work better and safer together.

## Establishing global HSE standards

'In 2022 we have been harmonizing all our HSE standards for safe project execution. As a 'Learning Organization', we have structured  a  process  to  ensure  lessons  learned  and  best practices are structurally captured, reviewed and implemented.' Bart Hameleers, Global HSE Director

## Safety results

All  our  health  and  safety  training  is  designed  to  prevent accidents and ensure the safety of all staff at the workplace. It  is  a  continuous  process  and  must  always  be  our  priority. Tragically, in 2022, we were deeply saddened by the accidental death of two subcontractor employees on two of our projects in India, at the Hurl Sindri project in March and at the PP Nayara project in June. Both accidents have been investigated  to  identify  root  cause  and  reinforce  preventive actions.

To raise visibility, our safety targets, which are not new, are now  included  in  our  ESG  Scorecard.  Technip  Energies  is essentially  an  engineering  company,  but  when  we  carry  out projects,  we  are  onboarding  a  lot  of  operators.  Once  they enter the site, even if they are not employed by the company, they are our responsibility. We strive to ensure zero fatality; when a fatality happens, we have not achieved our target. All safety incidents are recorded, we target the total recordable injury  rate  (TRIR)  to  remain  below  0.1  per  200,000  hours worked.  These  are  lagging  indicators,  at  the  same  time  we are working on leading indicators which include BBS implementation, safety leadership visits, risk reduction projects  and  environmental  incident  reporting  to  improve safety, for everyone under our responsibility.

## Safety - 5-year records

## Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) (1)

<!-- image -->

- (1) TRIR: Total recordable incident rate per 200,000 hours worked.
- (2) LTIR: Lost time injury rate per 200,000 hours worked.
3. (*) IOGP: International Association of Oil &amp; Gas Producers.

## Medical - Working on project sites

## Working far from home

Working on project sites involves many specific considerations.  To  assess  and  mitigate  the  risks  involved, Technip Energies has established three important processes:

- ■ a medical management plan (MMP) to assess the required medical  facilities and  trained medical  staff for  each project worksite;
- ■ a health risk assessment (HRA) for all sites where Technip Energies employees are involved; this is to mitigate health risks present at each work location; and
- ■ a  medical  emergency  response  plan  (MERP)  providing information for what to do in the case of medical events that  need  specific  treatments  not  available  at  worksite medical facilities.

Every  project  is  different  due  to  the  number  of  people involved, location of the project, and multicultural environment.  It  is  important  to  prepare  in  advance  medical support for each project, to be able to better react in case of medical event at the work site.

In  2022,  the  Total  Recordable  Incident  Rate  (' TRIR ')  was broadly  stable  at  0.09  compared  to  0.08  in  2021,  even  as project activity and number of hours worked increased. The TRIR  of  0.04  in  2020  reflects  the  sharp  drop  in  project activity during the COVID-19 pandemic. The Lost Time Injury Rate (' LTIR ') was stable at 0.02 in 2021 and 2022.

The  track  record  on  major  projects  are  illustrative  of  this performance:

- ■ BAPCO  Project: 50  million  man  hours  (' MMH ')  without Lost Time Injury (' LTI ');
- ■ LONG SON Project: 25 MMH without LTI;
- ■ ALNG Project: 17 MMH without LTI;
- ■ HURL Barauni Project: 16 MMH without LTI;
- ■ NESTE Project: 12 MMH without LTI;
- ■ MIDOR Project: 10 MMH without LTI;
- ■ HPCL NIU Project: 5 MMH without LTI;
- ■ NNMY Dahej Yard: 4 MMH without LTI;
- ■ ECA Project: 3 MMH without LTI.

## Lost time injury rate (LTIR) (2)

<!-- image -->

## Before you go… fitness to work

A medical assessment is carried out for all employees before expatriation  to  ensure  that  they  will  face  no  higher  health risk than in their home country, and to assess and mitigate any  additional  risks.  This  assessment  covers  health  risks, such  as  asthma  which  can  deteriorate  in  countries  where there is high pollution. But it also covers mental health risks, because many projects are located in areas where it can be difficult  for  some  people  to  work,  where  it  is  remote,  or isolated and far from families. Adapting to life on the camps, living  and  working  24/7  with  the  same  people  for  4,  8  or more weeks can be difficult, and we are very vigilant about this.

This  medical  assessment  is  carried  out  in  the  employee's home country. It can be repeated upon arrival in the country of expatriation and is adapted to the specificities of each job. Medical  surveillance  is  carried  out  on  a  regular  basis  to ensure employees  are in good health throughout their mobilization abroad.

<!-- image -->

## Zoom: Qatargas NFE Project

- ■ Number of people on site at peak = 40,000+ in 2024-2025
- ■ 35 nationalities
- ■ HSE staff (including medical and paramedical) = 300
- ■ Medical and paramedical staff (external provider) on site = 50
- ■ Primary health risks:  sun,  heat,  dust,  fatigue  and  mental health
- ■ Heat stress management: Technip Energies manages several  EPC  projects  in  regions  with  high  temperatures and humidity which can be harmful to workers on

## Employee well-being and mental health

The COVID-19 pandemic highlighted the importance of physical and mental well-being for all our employees. While digital solutions enabled employees to work from home, they also raised other challenges. Our response is called 'SmartWorking', which means working differently to facilitate team  collaboration, even when  we  are  all in different  locations.  This  company  policy  for  working  from home offers a flexible approach and is designed to contribute towards creating a better work/life balance. We are committed  to  keeping  offices  open  and  promoting  social interaction  to  have  a  positive  impact  for  employees'  wellbeing and enhance performance.

To  support  our  employees  with  their  work/life  balance  we offer  flexible  work  schedules,  remote  working  and  parental leave programs. We also provide our employees with access to  wellness  and  mental  health  professionals  through  our employee assistance program.

It  is  also  important  to  raise  mental  health  awareness  at management  level, to better understand the risks and provide  support  for  their  teams.  Managers  must  learn  to disconnect for themselves, to lead by example, to promote a serene team spirit, and facilitate communication to create a pleasant working atmosphere in which everyone benefits.

construction sites, especially in Central America, India and the Middle East. To protect workers from heat stress, we perform random fatigue assessments everyday and carry out  mandatory  heat  stress  training  for  all  personnel  on site.  Engineered  controls,  through  the  maximization  of shaded areas, and administrative controls restricting work during the hottest hours or implementing strict work-rest cycles  are  also  put  in  place  to  minimize  the  workers' exposure. We display heat index boards and flags at site and provide several heat stress mitigation facilities, such as  rest  shelters,  industrial  fans  or  cool  rooms,  water stations and water flasks.

For some years now, we provide a mental health hotline in some countries for people to call when they need help. But it is not always easy to call a hotline when you do not feel well. So, what is a more effective way of helping staff to cope with mental health issues?

- ■ Firstly,  by  understanding  mental  health  issues  as  an illness  that  can  happen  to  anyone  and  that  can  be treated. Anyone can suffer from stress, anxiety or depression.  But  there  is  no  universal  solution.  Different cultures require different approaches. In some countries, a psychologist or specialist is available on-site and anyone can  make  an  appointment  and  have  an  open  discussion when necessary;
- ■ Secondly, by training people to be alert to mental health issues,  encouraging  people  to  speak  out  about  mental health  and  knowing  the  first  steps  to  take  to  get  help. Around  110  mental  health  and  well-being  ambassadors have been trained, step by step throughout the company, to pay attention to their colleagues, spot early signs and give early support;
- ■ Thirdly,  as  preventive  measures,  by  providing  access  to well-being activities, which may include sport, music, yoga etc,  to  enable  staff  to  take  breaks  from  their  busy  work schedules.  These  well-being  activities  are  organized  in offices but also at project sites.

## 3.3.2.2. Attract and grow talents

As we grow in a fast-changing environment and transition to a  more  sustainable  tomorrow,  employees  are  the  human engine to achieve this transformation. The energy transition means reinventing the way we live and the way we do things. We don't have a choice. To succeed, we need to do things differently. This means attracting new talents with new skills, enhancing  the  learning  mindset  across  the  company,  and managing our expertise and critical skills.Our People Development  journey  aims  to  support  an  inspiring  learning journey for all.

## Workforce overview

The table below provides an overview of the total number of both permanent and temporary employees of the Company as at years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, subdivided by geographical areas.

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Geographical areas  Permanent  Temporary  Permanent  Temporary  Americas  1,423  86  1,309  34  Asia-Pacific  1,435  277  1,354  874  Europe, including Russia  5,923  364  5,926  1,260  India  2,571  489  2,429  341  Middle-East/Africa  1,287  660  1,094  965  TOTAL  12,639  1,876  12,112  3,474  TOTAL  14,515  15,586   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The permanent workforce increased in 2022 by 4% compared to  2021  in  all  geographic  areas,  mainly  in  Middle  East  and Americas.

The temporary workforce decreased by 46% in 2022 compared to 2021. This is due to a decrease of the temporary workforce in Europe (with a 71% headcount decrease in 2022 compared  to  2021) and in Asia (-68%  temporary  staff decrease  in  2022  compared  to  2021)  as  these  geographies (Russia and China) have been impacted by the reduction of our activities related to Russia and the Arctic LNG 2 project.

In  2022,  an  average  of  302  employees  were  employed  by Technip Energies in the Netherlands. Over the same period, an average of 14,213 employees were employed outside of the Netherlands.

The  breakdown  below  shows  the  number  of  employees  in corporate  functions,  in  main  operating  centers  (where  we carry  out  engineering  studies  as  well  as  R&amp;D)  and  in  other centers supporting operations (e.g. temporary  offices in support of a project, commercial offices).

| ## 2022 Average number of employees  In the  Netherlands  Outside the  Netherlands  Corporate  3  956  Operating Centers  299  12,228  Other centers supporting operations  0  1,029  TOTAL  302  14,213   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Making Technip Energies' employer brand recognized by future talents

In 2022, we pursued a global effort to enlarge the graduate intake  into  the  workforce,  multiplying  by  three  their  total number compared to 2021 from 131 to 393. This  result  has been achieved thanks to active campus partnerships across the globe, fostering Technip Energies presence as an employer  of  choice  to  initiate  a  purposeful  career.  The quality of our undergraduate offerings and internship experience has also been recognized at our French premises in Paris, ranked in the top 5 of the Happy Trainee Index for the category 100-500 interns/apprentices.

We also exceeded our Women in Graduate Intake targets for the  second  year  in  a  row,  demonstrating  our  attention  to diversify the future pipeline of talent.

We have introduced the Energy Transition Graduate Program to an external public; a 2-year flagship program, including job rotation  to  develop  newly  graduated  people  and  immerse them  into  the  energy  transition  markets  where  Technip Energies operates and accelerate their growth as future ESG leaders.

A  highly  selected  pool  of  participants  will  join  in  2023,  in addition  to  several  local  graduate  programs  currently  in place.

Because the diversification of ways and practices to engage with future employees is a must in an extremely competitive and tense marketplace, all talent acquisition teams from the main locations have been gathered for a 2-day workshop in October  2022  to  refresh  skills  and  techniques  to  attract diverse and performing talents, to foster business partnering living our values and to drive process excellence. Similarly, all hiring managers exposed to recruitment activities have been invited to attend 5 weekly global webinars on talent acquisition  to  gain  awareness  on  the  need  to  revisit  how Technip Energies performs on candidate attraction and selection process to deliver the best experience to candidates.

- ■ 92.6% of employees participating in ESG learning;
- ■ Graduate  recruitment multiplied by 3 with 51.7% of women in the talent pool;
- ■ Launch  of  Technip  Energies  new  International  Graduate Program dedicated to energy transition.

<!-- image -->

## Empower, upskill and reskill our workforce to unleash potential and sustain employability

## ■ Empower people to grow

To accelerate our energy transition transformation, we need the right skills and people. In 2022, we  conducted  a collaborative  internal  study  to  map  and  define  the  green critical  skills  needed.  We  have  been  able  to  target  the business  activities on  top of digital where  green  skills development is crucial and will work on delivering the right solutions  to  upskill  our  workforce  in  their  existing  role  or reskill with new pathways. As a result of this study, we will introduce in 2023 T.EN University around six learning domains: technology, commercial, leadership and management, digital, culture and project management. This is to  ensure  constant  alignment  of  learning  solutions  with business strategies and a learning offering for all.

In  addition,  a  new  ambition  part  of  our  ESG  Scorecard  has been  set  to  reach  an  average  of  40  hours  of  learning  per employee per year by 2025.

## ■ Empower managers to be people developers

In  2022  we  have  sought  to  revitalize  our  management, leadership  development  programs  and  digital  learning  offer. This  resulted  in  the  kickoff  on  a  new  blended  learning leadership program for junior future leaders with the intention of accelerating their development and career path.

Also, we  have  designed  and  piloted  a  new  managerial learning path in 2 modules: 'People Developer 1 &amp; 2' targeting new  and  experienced  managers  to engage  and  grow  their teams,  deploy  vision  and  strategy  and  lead  change. 1,500 managers will be enrolled in the next 3 years.

In addition, a data upskilling program to enhance the creation of value with data have been delivered for 20 highly selected employees. A new governance has been put in place in 2022 with a learning lab to ensure constant alignment of learning solutions with business strategies.

In  2022  we  have  also  continued  our  Project  Excellence Program,  which  was  introduced  the  previous  year.  It  brings project  managers  enhanced  learning  in  commercial,  project leadership and stakeholder management. Around 100 project managers have participated in 2022. We have enhanced our global onboarding program with our new Values, Purpose and organization to reinforce understanding of our culture.

## ■ One campaign for performance and development

At Technip Energies, we  value and believe that every individual is a talent with their own unique journey.

We help talents grow within the organization, learn new skills and advance in career. We have a continuous communication process  between  managers  and  employees  that  focuses  on building a high-performing culture aligned with each individual's  aspirations.  It  includes  key  processes  such  as goal  setting,  performance  appraisal,  career  talk,  individual development  plan  that  allows  each  individual  to  maximize their  potential,  accept  challenges  to  think  differently,  and develop themselves.

In 2022, our performance management framework has been refined with an aim to support this major shift in the way we work. We have launched a one-campaign approach allowing identification of goals earlier in the year. To support individuals  to  thrive  and  grow,  we  have  also  introduced discussion  around  how  each  individual  lives  the  Company Values, project their career aspirations and learning opportunities.

## ■ 'Talking Talents' campaign in the whole company

We  have  been  conducting  talent  reviews  for  many  years already, and their importance has grown. Our 'Talking Talents'  are  a  unique  forum  for  discussions  about  people development. The primary objective is to support a successful  and  sustainable  future  for  Technip  Energies  by working on developing our talents and identifying the future leaders of tomorrow. Newly launched in 2022, managers and People  &amp;  Culture  representatives  have  worked  during  this bottom-up calibration exercise to spot the individuals in our business  who  are  performing  consistently  at  a  high  level, demonstrating a high capability to grow, the agility, drive and motivation to progress to a leadership role.

The main outcome of the exercise is to strengthen succession planning for leadership and key positions through promising individual development plan and to design career paths in line with individual aspirations.

In addition, a particular attention and focus has been at the center of 2022 exercise to pay attention to the development of women at an early stage in their career. In the frame of our Diversity &amp; Inclusion strategy, the 'Talking Talent' process  is  a  key  pillar  to  accelerate  the  development  of women  towards  managerial  roles  and  accelerate  crossfunctional projections in the organization.

## Together we are smarter: accelerating technology connections to grow people synergies

<!-- image -->

At  Technip  Energies,  the  Knowledge  Management  (' KM ') center  of  excellence  delivers  solutions  and  support  as  it drives  a  culture  of  learning  and  execution  through  social learning,  innovative  collaboration  and  knowledge  transfer strategies,  to  unleash  the  potential  of  Technip  Energies' people - in order to improve our core business capabilities.

KM  is  built  around  four  primary  solutions  and  is  a  key contributor  to  the  coordination  of  the  Technical  Expertise Program  and  Expertise  Day.  By  showcasing  our  technical expertise,  employees  feel  more  connected,  motivated,  and united behind our collective effort to engineer a sustainable future.

Our Technical Expertise Program

<!-- image -->

We employ people based on relevant qualifications, demonstrated skills, performance and other job-related factors.  Consequently,  the  retention  of  key  knowledge  and skills among employees is a major identified risk. To mitigate this  risk,  Technip  Energies  is  developing  several  initiatives such  as  Knowledge  Management  technologies  and  solution designs, and has deployed its new global Technical Expertise Program  to  recognize  technical  experts  from  all  over  the world  who  have  demonstrated  outstanding  expertise  in  a technical  field.  Its  400  members  advance  Technip  Energies' technical leadership by advising, innovating, enhancing operations, sharing knowledge, and inspiring others - within the Company and across the industry.

In 2023, a new nomination phase will be deployed across the organization, with a new focus on energy transition disciplines.  Technip  Energies  will  continue  to  enlarge  the current pool of experts and with KM strategies and solutions as a foundation, it will help  make  Technical  Expertise Program member contributions and expertise available to the entire organization.

## Expertise Day becomes a global event

In  2022,  Technip  Energies  held  its  first-ever  company-wide Expertise Day. An integral element to the Technical Expertise Program, the event gathers experts in a single day to engage and share knowledge with employees. As part of the event, eight global webinars were held throughout the day, covering topics from Hydrogen Generation to LNG, attended by around 700 employees. In addition, there was an extensive range of local events at 20 locations across our business. In total we had 190 technical presentations, stands and panels, delivered by  our  experts.  At  these  events,  a  myriad  of  subjects  were discussed, from 'Exotic Heat Exchangers' to '3D Laser Scan and Virtual Reality'.

## Compensation and Benefits

## Compensation policy: sustaining a competitive approach

Our  compensation  and  benefits  strategy  ambitions  to  be competitive in each market we operate, in order to motivate our  employees  to  achieve  and  exceed  our  short-term  and long-term  objectives  (business  and  ESG),  while  keeping  the focus on Technip Energies Values and Purpose, and also to align  the  interests  of  our  employees with our Shareholders. The  Company's  pay-for-performance  philosophy,  supported by a robust performance management practice, strives to set our employees' total remuneration package at a competitive level  by  benchmarking  the  market  and  providing  incentives geared  to  agreed  performance  outcome,  where  appropriate. We aim at  awarding  to  our  managers,  and  as  many  to  our employees  as possible, short-term incentives driven by individual,  team  and  Group  performance.  We  provide  longterm incentives to high-potential and highly valued employees, driven by long-term Company's performance and value creation. We believe our long-term success is directly linked  to  the  caliber  of  the  employees  we  employ  and  the working environment that we create. See also section 5.3.3. Employee share schemes.

## Setting core benefits standard worldwide

The creation of Technip Energies in 2021 was the occasion to define a new corporate culture with the goal of embedding ESG  in  everything  we  do  and  in  the  choices  we  make  to reinforce our long-term impact. Accordingly and in relation to Technip  Energies'  aspiration  to  offer  an  adequate  work environment to its people, we set the objective to provide a new  core  benefits  standard  worldwide  by  2025.  The  global core benefit standard ambitions to provide to Technip Energies'  employees  a  harmonized  and  common  ground  of benefits  wherever  they  operate,  embedding  basic  coverage needs as well as reflecting  as  much  as  possible  well-being expectations from today society

To achieve this high-level ambition, and to start the journey, the  first  step  involved  to  clearly  identify  our  risk  portfolio and mutualizing it as much as possible through multinational pooling.  In  2022,  we  therefore  carried  out  an  exhaustive inventory of all employee benefits throughout the Company with the objective of optimization, alignment, and harmonization.  As  part  of  this  inventory,  we  benchmarked Technip  Energies'  practices  with  other  companies  in  the industry  to  reinforce  our  alignment  with  our  peers  where needed. This been completed, the next steps over 2023 will be  to  design  the  features  of  the  core  benefit  standard  in collaboration with internal and external stakeholders. It will also require to work specifically with our global broker and insurance  companies  to  assess  the  impact  on  the  existing contract base and agree on the roadmap to make it converge towards the new standard.

Our  objective  is  minimum  90%  of  our  employees  being covered  by  the  new  core  benefit  standards  worldwide  by 2025.

When you compare the social security systems for instance in  India,  France,  the  UK  or  the  US,  the  way  people  are protected by their nation is totally different from one country to another. Therefore, we cannot treat everyone on the same terms,  but  we  can  agree  on  the  key  markers,  on  the principles and rights that we are defending. This may include flexible working, parental leave for men and women, minimum levels of coverage for death or access to healthcare as well as other non-insured benefits. In addition, flexibility will be given to Technip Energies' entities to enrich the core offer to reflect their local market specificities. Once the  design  phase  will  be  completed,  we  will  define  the guidelines  for  our  entities  to  converge  towards  this  core benefit standard as their existing insurance contracts expire.

'Defining and implementing the new core benefits standard is a voluntary commitment  and signal for the well-being of our people and towards those who intend to join us, underpinned by  insurance  contracts  which  represent  an  annual  budget superior to €50 million. It is an investment for our people and core  to  our  employee  value  proposition.' Sébastien  Thirion, Vice-President, Compensation, Benefits &amp; International Mobility

## 3.3.2.3. Advance an inclusive culture

Our ambitions to foster an inclusive and caring environment have  been  reflected  in  2022  by  our  continuous  efforts  to keep  our  Diversity  and  Inclusion  (' D&amp;I ')  agenda  a  business priority like any  other. 'Inclusion in Action' is  Technip Energies response to developing our culture of inclusion by nurturing a genuine connection for and between  every individual  to  feel  welcome,  respected  and  engaged.  We  are cultivating  real  behavioral  change  in  everyday  interactions and ways of working to boost innovation and collaboration, providing a complementary answer to progress on diversities representation at each level of the organization.

Starting 2023, Wei Cai, Chief Technology Officer, is appointed Diversity and Inclusion spokesperson of the Executive Committee to sponsor internal events in favor of the promotion of diversity representation and advancement.

## 2022 key figures

- ■ Women hiring on yearly graduate intake: 51.7% vs. 50% in 2021
- ■ Women in leadership positions: 18.1% vs. 12% in 2021
- ■ Main  countries  defined  their  local  diversity  action  plans (France, India, Italy, the USA, United Arab Emirates, Malaysia,  Spain,  United  Kingdom,  the  Netherlands,  and Colombia)

<!-- image -->

To  progress  an  inclusive  culture,  we  are  focused  on  the following:

- ■ Bring  tangible  results  on  gender  representation  at  all levels of the organization and establishing a robust governance to drive results;
- ■ Increase leadership awareness on barriers of inclusion in the workplace and their visible accountability;
- ■ Listen actively to our employees' voices.

<!-- image -->

To drive our D&amp;I dynamics, in particular, to promote gender diversity, we started by agreeing on how success would look like,  acknowledging the complexity and as-is data in the 10 largest countries where we have operating centers, representing  more  than  80%  of  our  workforce.  As  a  next step, we collectively defined and set yearly internal milestones as well as key D&amp;I enablers embedded in monthly business  review  routine.  This  approach  led  to  a  successful 2022 reaching our target for gender balance graduate intake, a substantial improvement for women in leadership positions, and an encouraging increase on women representation  in  the  permanent  workforce  compared  to 2021.

Resistance  to  achieving  D&amp;I  objectives  is  often  based  on wrong  assumptions.  Reinforcing  awareness  on  visible  and invisible  barriers,  such  as  biases  is  an  essential  step  for leadership  teams  to  role  model  inclusive  behaviors  and systematically  address  risks  and  inclusive  solutions  in  the decision-making  process.  Therefore,  our  senior  leadership teams  gathered  in  June  2022  for  a  dedicated  half-day workshop  to  grow  their  capabilities  of  spotting  bias  and calling it out. This format has been extended to our 10 largest country  leadership  teams,  gathering  more  than  200  leaders between  September  and  December  2022  to recall our business  case  and  intent  for  Diversity  and  Inclusion  at Technip Energies. They worked on identifying where unconscious  biases  exist,  putting  everyone  in  a  position  to address these biases and preparing their country D&amp;I action plan to solve these challenges.

The  combination  of  global  and  local  initiatives  in  6  areas, such  as  Talent  Acquisition,  Career  Progression,  Reward  and Recognition, Job Satisfaction, Communications, and Learning is  at  the  center  of  our  Diversity  and  Inclusion  strategy  to influence the culture and drive tangible results. In 2023, the 10  largest  countries  will  present  their  respective  D&amp;I  action plans to support our balanced gender representation aspirations as well as other under-represented diversities to advance an inclusive culture.

We do not limit our commitment to gender diversity but we amplify  our  diversity  representation  in  the  respect  of  each country social challenges and matters. Our premises in Paris have  made  progress  in  favor  of  people  with  disability  by signing  in  June  2022  a  3-year  agreement  (2023-2025)  with Unions to promote professional integration and job retention for disabled workers.

To  raise  attention  in  favor  of  various  under-represented groups in our organization, in 2022,  we  promoted  our commitments and ambitions for an inclusive  culture  in  our industry and our company  in the occasion of several international  days.  In  particular,  we  marked  international women's day, women in engineering day, women and girls in science  day,  day  against  racial  discrimination  and  the  day against homophobia, transphobia and biphobia, raising global awareness to disparities and challenges that may be faced in the workplace. Local events marking the unique benefits of a diverse workforce have further enriched brave conversations and dialogue amongst employees.

## Continuous dialogue

Technip  Energies  is  committed  to  maintaining  an  ongoing, open  and  constructive  dialogue  with  employees  or  their representatives  to  better  support  its  transformation  and share its  strategy.  In  2022,  the  company  engaged  in  setting up a European works council which would provide a greater channel  for  worker  involvement  and  representation  across the  EU  member  States  about  business  change  with  crossborder implications.

A  significant  number  of  our  employees  are  represented  by unions or works councils across the globe. Also, within our 10 main  countries  (i.e.Colombia,  France,  India,  Italy,  Malaysia, Netherlands,  Spain,  UAE,  United  Kingdom,  USA),  three  are totally covered by collective bargaining agreements (representing  46%  of  the  payroll  workforce  of  our  10  main countries).

## 3.3.2.4. Contribute to local development

Technip Energies is an international company with approximately 15,000 employees of 108 different nationalities,  and  with  offices  in  35  countries,  we  play  an important  role  in  the  ecosystem  around  us.  We  have  a responsibility that goes beyond our day-to-day work to make a positive and lasting impact on our local communities. This is  why  contributing  to  local  communities'  development  is integral  to  our  ESG  Roadmap.  Our  initiatives  fall  into  three main categories:

- ■ education;
- ■ local development; and
- ■ the T.EN Relief and Development Fund (' TRDF ').

## 2022 key figures

- ■ Volunteering  hours:  51%  increase  since  2021  (21,661  vs. 14,360 in 2021)
- ■ Number of beneficiaries from local communities: multiplied by 4 since 2021 (424,451 vs. 112,436 in 2021)
- ■ Budget of Technip Energies Relief and Development Fund doubled

## Volunteering hours: progress against the target

<!-- image -->

We support employees who, on a voluntary basis, are willing to lend their  time  to  support  community  development programs and initiatives. In 2022, 2,770 people were engaged in  135  local  initiatives,  dedicating  21,661  volunteering  hours. These initiatives  benefited  over  420,000  people  in  our  local communities.

## Social initiatives: main thematic in 2022

<!-- image -->

## Building stronger communities through volunteerism

## China in lockdown

Whilst most of the world was recovering from the COVID-19 pandemic,  for  most  of  2022,  stringent  lockdown  measures remained  in  place  in  China.  To  support  the  workers,  our Shanghai office arranged fresh food delivery during the city lockdowns. Some employees volunteered to deliver meals to people with disabilities, to buy medicines for the elderly, and help them use mobile phones apps, and carry out PCR tests. Moreover, employees were encouraged to stay fit and healthy during lockdowns.

Once restrictions were lifted, management were the first to return to the offices, to inspect the air conditioning, cleaning and  disinfection of antigens, and  ensure  distribution  of masks.

## Volunteerism and giving back, Houston, USA

In  Houston,  our  employees  and  families  came  together  for community  service,  fostering  teamwork  and  solidarity.  In 2022, 745 volunteers participated in 25 initiatives, dedicating 9,600  hours  to  local  communities.  As  a  highlight,  for  Earth Day,  over  50  volunteers  joined  forces  to  clean  up  Sunny Beach  in  Galveston.  Additionally,  80  volunteers  from  our Houston  operating  center  helped  make  the  city  greener  by planting 200 trees at Terry Hershey Park with Livelihood LLC and Precinct 4 foresters. At the Houston Food Bank, Technip Energy  volunteers  assisted  with  preparing  donated  food  for distribution  by  packing  small  bags  of  peas  into  boxes  for easier  distribution.  After  4  hours  of  team  work,  the  group filled nine pallets of boxes, weighing 11,520 pounds, equivalent to 9,600 meals.

## Education and STEM

As an engineering company, Science, Technology, Engineering and  Mathematics  (' STEM ')  are  part  of  our  daily  work  at Technip  Energies.  We  believe  that  through  our  capabilities and experience, we can help to empower and motivate young underprivileged students and girls to have equal opportunities and become future leaders in these fields.

For many  years, Technip  Energies has  been  supporting schools and students through scholarships, mentoring, donation of educational materials and equipment, promotion of  events,  knowledge  transfer  and  other  STEM-oriented activities. In 2022, we supported more than 8,500 students. Here are some examples of our initiatives.

## Preparing students to succeed, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia

The  sustainability  team  in  Kuala  Lumpur  organized  two initiatives designed to help young students succeed.

- ■ 36 volunteers participated in a 2-day Super Camp program to prepare secondary school students for their exams. The program was designed to help students with time management, setting and achieving targets, and key tools to achieve better results in the final exams.
- ■ For younger primary students, the team organized a public speaking course for students from two Technip Energies' adopted  primary  schools.  Over  a  course  of  6  months,  a group of 20 students were trained in public speaking by experts, and at the end they participated in an interschool competition.  Improving  communication  skills  and  giving students the self-confidence to express their thoughts in public is a key attribute for future leaders.

## The MIT Practice School - An intense learning experience

The  Technip  Energies  office  in  Boston  hosted  six  graduate students and an industry expert as part of the MIT Practice

<!-- image -->

School. For four weeks, the students worked on two different  problems,  both  related  to  the  recently  acquired BioMEG  technology  (from  Iowa  Corn).  One  problem  was related to data management and machine learning, the other a process design concept. In a short time, the students were able to collaborate and propose solutions for their problem, ultimately  providing  results  that  will  be  used  in  further development of the BioMEG program.

The  MIT  Practice  School  is  one  example  of  the  close  links Technip  Energies  has  with  major  universities  and  research centers. Several alumni now work in our Boston office.

## Encouraging young students with STEM, Houston, USA

Volunteers  from  the  Technip  Energies  office  in  Houston organized  discovery  sessions  at  two  local  schools  to  share their  enthusiasm  and  introduce  students  to  some  of  the wonders of science, technology, engineering and math. They also delivered empowerment moments to motivate students who  performed  poorly  in  standardized  school  tests,  the mission being to leave no student behind.

## Local development

## Seeds of Hope, India

For  Technip  Energies  India,  Seeds  of  Hope  is  the  flagship program which covers numerous social responsibility initiatives. Since its inception in 2015, the program has been running across ten states and has so far impacted more than 95,000 lives.

## Reduce, reuse, recycle

One  of  these  initiatives  is  project  ACE  -  to  Accelerate  the Circular Economy. In Dahej, Gujarat, India, we have set up a recycling center to treat both biodegradable  and  nonbiodegradable  waste  which  is  completely  powered  by  solar power. The waste is collected, segregated and then recycled - biodegradable waste is recycled into organic manure, nonbiodegradable  waste,  such  as  plastic,  cardboard  and  so,  is segregated, shredded and bundled to be sold on to recyclers. One recycling company is combining this plastic waste with construction  and  demolition  waste  to  create  paving  blocks for  footpaths.  All  the  waste  is  recycled,  nothing  goes  to landfills.

- ■ 85,000 kg of waste recycled, of which 11,000 kg is plastic waste;
- ■ 12  sustainable livelihood opportunities created, 10 of which are for women;
- ■ Aligned with the UN SDGs;
- ■ Over 1,000 tonnes of CO2 emissions (scope 3) have been avoided.

## Garima project, empowering women

At our manufacturing yard in Dahej, Gujarat, India, we provide vocational  training  for  women  to  pursue  different  trades, such  as  sewing.  In  2022,  40  women  benefited  from  this project, giving them access to a bank account and government insurance scheme, providing them with independence and empowerment. The women have produced over  45,000  eco-friendly  cotton  face  masks  and  bags  and generated income of more than ₹5,00,000 Indian currency.

## Working together - Employee Resource Groups, USA

At  Technip  Energies  in  the  USA,  employee  resource  groups (' ERG ')  bring  together  employees  around  shared  goals  to have a positive impact in the workplace and in the communities in which they operate. The four main ERG are:

- ■ ONE Group  the  Organization  of  Networking  Employees aim to promote a diverse and inclusive culture supporting the uniqueness of each individual to enhance the employee experience.

The ONE group organized the annual Toys for Tots drive, collecting  and  distributing  over  300  new  toys  so  that underprivileged children in the community enjoy a gift for the holiday season.

- ■ Family Network -provides support and social engagement to families within Technip Energies and in our communities.  It  aims  to  help  employees  balance  home and career, to support families during difficult times, and connect  families,  to  share,  learn,  and  support  those  in need in our communities.
- ■ B.O.L.D. the Black &amp; Brown Organization for Leadership and  Development  is  a  platform  to  promote  recruitment, development, and retention of black and brown professionals through learning and talent enrichment programs, community outreach and communication channels.
- ■ Toastmasters Club to  develop oral communication and leadership  skills,  to  foster  self-confidence  and  personal growth.

## T.EN Relief and Development Fund

T.EN Relief and Development Fund (' TRDF ')  supports social and  charitable  initiatives  in  countries  where  we  have  a permanent  presence,  and  that  address  our  sustainability priorities  such  as  health,  education,  emergency  missions, natural  disaster  relief  and  other  topics  related  to  our  ESG Roadmap.  Since  its  creation  in  2011,  the  TRDF  supports approximately  five  NGOs  per  year  for  specific  projects  in different countries.

In  2022,  donations  through  the  TDRF  doubled  to  reach 225,840 euros. We supported projects in Egypt, Mozambique, Senegal, Thailand, and Ukraine.

- ■ Egypt: Through the ASMAE we promote the participation, integration,  and  protection  of  young  disabled  people  in Egypt by raising awareness and strengthening the capacities of local actors involved in this field.
- ■ Mozambique: Since  2019,  through  ESSOR,  we  help  social and  professional  inclusion  of  young  people  in  the  Cabo Delgado  province.  Also,  through  INTERAIDE,  we  provide awareness  and  support  regarding  health,  sanitation,  and disease prevention to families in the Memba and Chipene areas.
- ■ Senegal: We are supporting the Senegalese Association for the protection of children with mental disorders (ASEDEME)  to  raise  awareness  and  change  perceptions. Through specialized medical and educational centers, they help young adults to find work and earn a living.
- ■ Thailand: The Yuvabadhana Foundation based in Bangkok allows  children  to  continue  their  education.  Through  the Education  Scholarship  Program,  we  are  supporting  nine students  (ages  11  and  12)  over  the  next  six  years  to complete  their  high  school  education.  In  addition  to  the scholarship, volunteers are providing an active mentoring and pen-pal program.
- ■ Ukraine: We  contributed to the humanitarian aid in Ukraine  through  the  Red  Cross  platform.  The  solidarity expressed through these donations is a testimony to the Values that characterize us at Technip Energies. Through the  donation  of  our  employees  and  the  TRDF,  we  were able to contribute a total of 170,840 euros. All the funds are  being  used  to  provide  relief  for  those  suffering  as  a result of the war in Ukraine.

## 3.3.3.  TRUST

At Technip Energies the tone has been set from the top, in the  goals  that  we  define  and  in  the  way  we  measure  and compensate performance. Integrity is at the center of what we do. Our reputation is built on our ability to deliver and our limitless drive to enhance our clients' performance. Our ESG Roadmap  supports  our  business  strategy  and  our  future commercial success. It sets a clear direction for the Company to achieve its long-term ambition.

We  leverage the strengths from our rich history and remarkable track record. We translate the priorities of today into tangible actions to benefit our clients, people, communities, and planet, and we do that together. Meanwhile, how we work is also a critical success factor: the way  each  of  us  behaves,  whether  towards  our  colleagues, clients, partners, suppliers, shareholders or others within or outside the Company, makes the difference.

## Key highlights

- ■ ABC  training  completed  by  92.5%  of  people  in  at-risk functions
- ■ 60% progress in integrating ESG criteria into supplier and subcontractor qualification
- ■ Human  Rights  reviews  completed  for  selected  suppliers and subcontractors

Christophe  Virondaud,  Senior  Vice-President  Commercial: 'We  apply  a  selective,  risk-based  approach  to  projects  safety and security, environment, and respect of human rights are  key  concerns  we  seek  to  address.  We  have  the  skills  to support our customers at every step of the energy transition. We're  not  only  an  EPC  contractor  with  proven  expertise  in project execution, but we also provide consulting and advisory services  to  support  customers  at  each  stage  of  their  asset lifecycle. Our ability to embrace change and be flexible is key to unlock future business growth.'

Michael McGuinty, Chief Legal Officer: 'Our legal, compliance and  insurance  teams  play  an  important  role  to  assist  the Company to achieve its energy transition goals while continuing  to  conduct  business  in  a  respectful,  sustainable, and ethical  manner in all  the  markets  in  which  we  operate. Working  with  clients,  partners,  and  suppliers,  to  establish standards and procedures, can bring about positive changes in  areas  such  as  traceability,  environmental  standards,  and human rights.

## 3.3.3.1. Integrate ESG into our Business Strategy

The  strategy  of  Technip  Energies  is  100%  focused  on  the energy  transition,  which  means  supporting  our  clients  to address the challenges that the energy transition represents for  their  business.  How  do  we  achieve  this?  By  leveraging both pillars of our business: Technology, Products &amp; Services (' TPS ')  and  Project  Delivery.  Unlike  other  players  in  our industry,  Technip Energies is uniquely positioned as an EPC contractor  with  proven  expertise  in  project  execution,  and with its own portfolio of technologies, advisory and consulting services.

## 2022 key figures

- ■ Energy transition portfolio increased x5 from €200 million to €1 billion
- ■ More than 3,000 patents
- ■ 2 technology centers

## Technology, Products &amp; Services

Technip Energies portfolio of proprietary technologies enables us to work on the supply side to decarbonize energy. Our  engineering  capabilities  can  be  leveraged  to  accelerate time to market and take nascent technologies from laboratory  prototypes  to  full  scale  industrialization.  We  are joining forces with innovative start-ups, universities, as well as  established  players  from  within  and  across  different industries to bridge expertise and develop new solutions.

We  are  organized  around  three  market-focused  business lines  to  meet  customer  needs  from  energy  source  to  enduse: gas and low-carbon energies; sustainable fuels, chemicals  and  circularity;  and  carbon-free  solutions.  Our focus  on  technologies  means  that  we  adopt  a  consistent approach across all these domains, making sure that knowledge is shared around the group. We develop ideas and processes that have worked in certain markets and look to apply them globally.

In addition, our T.EN X - Consulting &amp; Products business line provides cross-market services to support customers at each stage of their asset life, from ultra-front-end design, through project management consultancy, to asset lifecycle excellence.  Technology-driven  and  feedstock  agnostic,  we integrate complex technologies, including our own, to decarbonize the energy supply, enhance  circularity and leverage digital solutions.

See more in section 2.2.1. Technologies, Products &amp; Services.

## Project Delivery

ESG  considerations  play  an  essential  role  in  successful Project Delivery in three key areas:

- ■ First, when we assess a project, we look at it through an energy transition lens to identify opportunities to promote our decarbonization technologies and build a proposition with the lowest environmental impact. We have a rigorous project  framework,  applying  a  very  selective  and  riskbased  assessment  covering  safety,  security,  environment and respect of human rights. By assessing all the risks at the earliest stage of a project we can propose solutions to mitigate  risks  to  a  level  which  is  acceptable  for  all stakeholders involved.
- ■ Next, we build a project team with the right competencies, skills, and experience. From the very start of the project, we formalize the execution plan, coordinate procedures and organization, and establish overall project controls. Everyone knows  how  to work. For project managers,  it's  about  leadership,  fostering  a  collaborative mindset, being flexible and agile to make sure things are happening  and  motivating  people  to  outperform  that makes a difference.
- ■ And most importantly, we ensure transparent collaboration  with  partners.  This  means  having  a  clear code of business conduct which reflects our commitment to acting ethically, lawfully, and sustainably. We collaborate  with  our  partners  and  suppliers  towards  a sustainable  supply  chain  to  instill  a  culture  of  social responsibility  as  we  work  towards  our  ESG  Roadmap commitments. Working together to monitor risks, establish contractual safeguards, and share information to reach solutions is a win-win approach.

See more in sections 2.1.1. Selectivity and project execution and 2.2.2. Project Delivery.

<!-- image -->

## 3.3.3.2. Foster Integrity

We recognize corruption and fraud are ever-present risks for global companies such as Technip Energies. We have a zero tolerance for corruption, we believe in fair competition, and we encourage our employees to speak up. To foster awareness and encourage transparent discussions, we train our  management  and  our  high-risk  populations  on  anticorruption and bribery.

We abide by the laws but our concept of compliance goes beyond the strict adherence to the laws and our policies and procedures, as our Values guide our decisions.

## 2022 key figures

- ■ 92.5%  of  gatekeeper  employees  completed  anti-bribery and corruption (ABC) training, above our 90% target;
- ■ Review of our non-mandatory commercial intermediaries with the objective of eliminating their use by the end of 2024. In 2022, we have made progress and reduced their number by 13%.

## Technip Energies' Code of Business Conduct

Technip  Energies'  aim  of  building  a  better  tomorrow  is intrinsically linked to the respect of our Values. Our Code of Business Conduct serves as a fundamental guide that must be read and followed by our directors, officers, and employees. We aspire to develop business relationships with like-minded clients,  subcontractors,  suppliers,  and  business partners  who  are  guided  by  a  similar  set  of  principles  of business conduct.

Our Compliance program is designed to prevent, detect and remediate violations of our Code  of Business Conduct whenever  they  arise.  We  are  committed  to  continuously improving  and  enhancing  our  Compliance  program,  through relevant risks assessments, data analysis, policies and procedures, and cooperation amongst key stakeholders.

Our Code  of Business Conduct  is available at https:// www.technipenergies.com/sites/energies/files/2022-03/ T.EN\_CoBC\_ENG\_Final.pdf.

## Governance

We  do  not  compromise  on  integrity.  Our  Code  of  Business Conduct helps us recognize and address the ethical dimensions to our everyday decisions. The Compliance organization  is  part  of  the  Legal  Department,  under  the responsibility of the Chief Legal Officer. The Company's Chief Compliance  Officer  leads  a  dedicated  team  of  legal  and compliance  professionals  that  provide  support,  advice  and risk  management  services  relating,  in  particular,  to  antibribery and corruption, internal investigations, trade sanctions,  export  controls,  conflicts  of  interests,  human rights,  and  data  privacy.  Dedicated  subject  matter  experts and compliance counsels serving geographic roles and covering company  projects ensure that the  Compliance program  is  implemented  consistently  across  the  different businesses and geographies of the organization.

The  Chief  Compliance  Officer  reports  to  the  Chief  Legal Officer, and to the ESG Committee of the Board of Directors. The  ESG  Committee  plays  a  key  role  in  the  oversight  and continued development of our Compliance program to ensure that the Company operates in compliance with principles of ethical conduct and good governance.

The Chief Legal Officer reports to the Chief Executive Officer and presents to the Audit Committee all legal and compliance matters that may have a material impact on the Company.

## Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Compliance Controls

The Company is required to comply with numerous laws and regulations,  in  jurisdictions  around  the  world  where  we conduct business, including countries perceived as having an increased risk of corruption. Technip Energies is, in particular, subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and French law No. 2016-1691 dated December 9, 2016 (also more commonly known as 'Sapin II').

Regardless of where we operate, Technip Energies does not accept  any  form  of  corruption  and  prohibits  all  acts  of corruption (including bribes, facilitation payments, kickbacks, and self-dealing) and influence peddling. We do not make or accept improper payments to obtain or retain business with those in government or the private sector, or as a reward for awarding subcontractor or supplier contracts. We are committed  to  complying  with  all  international  and  national legislation against illegal payments, including prohibitions on facilitation payments (to expedite routine and administrative government  action)  except  in  extraordinary  circumstances where the safety or security of an employee is in immediate danger.

Dedicated  standards,  policies,  and  procedures  are  designed to supplement the Code of Business Conduct by providing a clear and comprehensive operational framework. Such standards,  policies,  and  procedures  address  in  more  detail the  applicable  bribery  and  corruption  risks  exposures,  and include:

- ■ an Anti-Bribery and Corruption Standard, which sets out our principles for strict  compliance with applicable antibribery and corruption laws;
- ■ a Third-Party Intermediaries and Business Partner Standard,  which  clarifies  the  requirements  for  the  due diligence and monitoring of Third-Party Intermediaries and joint ventures/consortia partners. This Standard is designed to enable us to assess and manage bribery and corruption risks as part of our global business activities;
- ■ a Gifts, Hospitality, and Travel Standard, which sets forth our  rules  related  to  the  receipt  or  provision  of  gifts, hospitality,  or  travel,  and  establishes  procedures  for  the approval,  reporting,  and  accounting  of  such.  The  Gifts, Hospitality,  and  Travel  Standard  assists  employees  in ensuring that gifts and  hospitality, whether  given  or received as part of a usual courtesy of business, are not and cannot be considered as bribes;
- ■ a Social Donations, Sponsorships, and Charitable Contributions Standard which sets forth our rules related to  the  making  of  contributions  to  our  communities  to ensure contributions are not misused for improper purposes, such as to disguise illegal payments to government officials;
- ■ a  Conflicts  of  Interests  Standard,  which  sets  forth  our rules related to the identification and  disclosure by employees of actual or potential conflicts of interest that could unduly influence the performance of their duties.

These  standards  are  supplemented  by  internal  operating procedures  and  guidelines.  We  have  several  processes  to monitor compliance with our rules by employees and business partners, including by embedding compliance processes  into  the  processes  run  by  other  functions.  The Internal  Audit  department  conducts  periodic,  independent audits  of  our  compliance  processes  to  assess  the  effective implementation of such standards. Internal Audit reports the results of its audits to the Audit Committee of the Board and management.  Such  reports  may  include  recommendations for strengthening our internal controls.

## Communication and awareness

Technip  Energies  uses  a  variety  of  tools  to  engage  with employees, managers and third parties, such as face-to-face and town-hall meetings, e-learning modules, dedicated intranet  webpages,  articles,  posters,  targeted  emails,  short videos,  messages  on  our  internal  social  media  'Yammer' network and dedicated introductions prior to every meeting.

The Company continues to develop Microlearnings, which are e-learnings  developed  in-house,  covering  anti-bribery  and corruption,  trade  compliance,  and  data  privacy.  A  human rights module was launched in September.

## Our culture of speaking-up and no retaliation policy

We  encourage  our  employees  to  ask  questions  and  report behaviors that may violate the guidelines set out in our Code of  Business  Conduct or in the policies and procedures that derive from it.

Various channels are available to report such concerns, and include anyone within the Company's management, the Chief Compliance Officer or anyone within the Compliance organization, any officer of the Company, HR representatives or members of the legal department.

Moreover,  employees  and  third  parties  can  report  concerns using  an  independent  third  party  via  a  dedicated  reporting helpline  (available  at  www.technipenergies.ethicspoint.com). The  helpline  allows  users  to  submit  questions  or  concerns securely and confidentially.

Each report of a suspected violation of our Code of Business Conduct or its underlying standards is treated seriously, and investigated following the principles of objectivity, confidentiality,  thoroughness, proportionality, timeliness and professionalism. Investigators must follow internal Standards while  conducting  investigations  to  ensure  investigations  are closed timely and in accordance with best practices.

Technip  Energies  has  a  zero-tolerance  policy  on  retaliation against  employees  for  good-faith  reporting  of  suspected violations of our Code of Business Conduct or its underlying standards,  or  against  those  who  assist  in  investigations  of suspected violations.

## Reporting and remediation

Our  employees  are  encouraged  and  expected  to  report violations  or  suspected  violations  of  our  Code  of  Business Conduct. Various channels are available, including the option to report concerns to managers, to anyone in the corporate compliance  or  legal  department,  to  an  employee's  human resources representative, or to an independent third party via Ethics  Point  Helpline,  a  dedicated  reporting  helpline  and website.  We  have  a  zero-tolerance  policy  on  retaliation against  employees for  reporting  suspected  violations  of  our policies or Code of Business Conduct or for cooperating with an  investigation.  We  encourage  employees  and  others  to raise questions and concerns to ensure that we are leading by example.

## Other compliance requirements

Technip Energies will seek to identify at the outset regulatory and compliance requirements, related to procurement, supply, and construction, whether of a national or supranational nature (e.g. European regulations). It will then develop a plan to ensure project development and implementation  in  order  to  maintain  effective  regulatory compliance management processes and deliver the work in compliance with applicable statutory requirements. The Company's operations and construction activities are governed by international, regional, transnational, and national  laws  and  regulations  in  each  jurisdiction  in  which the Company operates relating to matters such as environmental protection, health and safety, labor and employment, import/export controls, currency exchange, bribery and corruption, professional and operational licensing, and  taxation. These  laws  and  regulations are complex,  frequently  change,  and  have  become  increasingly stringent over time. In the event the scope of these laws and regulations  expands  in  the  future,  the  incremental  cost  of compliance could adversely impact the Company's financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Examples of government  laws  and  regulations  that  may  have  a  material effect  on  the  Company's  business  include  Export  Controls and Trade Sanctions Regulations. The Company is subject to export controls and trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations, including those administered by the United Nations,  the  European  Union  and,  as  applicable  the  U.S. Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security, the  U.S.  Department  of  the  Treasury's  Office  of  Foreign Assets  Control,  the  U.S.  Department  of  State  and  other governmental bodies having jurisdictions over the operations. These statutes may prohibit or restrict the Company's ability to,  directly  or  indirectly,  conduct  activities  or  dealings  in countries or territories or with persons that are the target of trade  sanctions-related  prohibitions  and  restrictions.  See also  section  4.3.4.2. Existing  or  future  laws  and  regulations relating to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change and the  environment  may  adversely  affect  our  business  for  a description of  environmental  laws  affecting  the  Group's operations.

The Company has implemented internal controls designed to minimize and detect potential violations of laws and regulations in a timely manner,  but  it can  provide  no assurance that such policies and procedures will be followed at all  times or will effectively detect and prevent violations of  the  applicable  laws  by  one  or  more  of  its  employees, consultants, agents, or partners.

<!-- image -->

## 3.3.3.3. Partner towards a sustainable supply chain

To achieve a more sustainable supply chain means collaborating  with  partners,  to  assess  and  identify  risks,  to negotiate and implement  sustainable solutions.  A  more sustainable  supply  chain  seeks  to  reduce  and  eliminate external  environmental  and  social  costs  which  are  often excluded in price negotiations. The goal is to encourage more responsible behavior within our supply chain, in line with our ESG Scorecard.

## 2022 key figures

- ■ 60% progress in integrating ESG criteria into supplier and subcontractor qualification
- ■ Human  Rights  reviews  completed  for  selected  suppliers and subcontractors

## Sustainable procurement

Effective supply chain management is a major contributor to Technip  Energies'  success  in  project  execution.  At  Global Sourcing &amp; Procurement, we collaborate with our suppliers to instill the culture of ESG and deliver the associated roadmap unveiled in 2022.

Two ESG targets have been set for our supply chain:

- ■ Supplier qualification  integrates  ESG  criteria.  Beyond  the traditional  focus  on  technical  and  financial  aspects,  we will consider Environmental, Social and Governance factors systematically in supply chain qualification process. Criteria, such as the assessment of GHG emission, human rights due diligence and business integrity, will form a critical part.

During  the  course  of  2022,  efforts  have  been  deployed from  both  internal  and  external  perspectives.  Internally, supplier  ESG  questionnaire  and  working  procedure  have been  prepared  in  lockstep  with  a  variety  of  internal stakeholders, ranging from Compliance to HSE. Externally, a communication campaign, aiming to have a better grasp of our supply chain's ESG maturity, with a prime focus on the  environmental  aspect,  was  launched  in  Q2  2022. About 70 suppliers across the globe were contacted and with nearly half of which we had a dialogue to exchange ESG ambitions and roadmap. Such dialogues promote our commitment to ESG and pave the way for the deployment of  ESG  qualification  which  is  scheduled  to  kick  start  in 2023.

Looking ahead, ESG criteria will be incorporated as part of the supplier qualification process in 2023.

- ■ Key suppliers monitored and audited on ESG performance. To ensure compliance, suppliers' commitment to ESG will be monitored and verified. Dedicated process and methodology will be defined in 2023 and the implementation is expected to start in the first quarter of 2024.

## Building a sustainable subcontracting chain

At Global Construction, we partner with our subcontractors in charge of the execution of the works on construction sites for  our  EPC  projects,  aiming  at  building  a  responsible  and sustainable global subcontracting chain.

Three ESG targets have been set up to achieve this ambition:

- ■ integrate Technip Energies ESG criteria into our prequalification  process.  To  ensure  that  we  select  and qualify  for  projects  subcontractors  that  match  our  ESG requirements and vision. In 2021, we began the development of a new prequalification application ('QualifyMe' apps), integrating in the main digital questionnaire all the new  defined ESG  criteria, and generating automated ESG reports and scoring, to support the decision-making at an early stage (bidder list constitution). The development was completed at the end of 2022 and full-scale deployment (go live) is scheduled in Q1 2023, as per initial plan.
- ■ monitor  and  audit  in  the  field  our  subcontractors'  ESG performance. A specific work process will be defined and set up in 2023, aiming at defining and monitoring key ESG KPI's  as  well  as  auditing  at  job  site  our  subcontractors during project execution lifespan. Progressive deployment and  implementation  of  our  new  monitoring  and  auditing work process will start early 2024, reaching steady-state by Q4 2024.
- ■ establish an ESG council to continuously improve subcontractors' ESG performance. This ESG council aims to  become  the  think  tank  for  our  ESG  innovation  and implementation. This ESG council will work for the benefit of the complete subcontractor chain, enhancing ultimately the overall ESG performance. This council will be articulated around three main pillars: collecting feedback, sharing  best  practice  and  innovation,  and  standardizing best  ESG-proven  solutions.  The  implementation  of  the ESG council is planned for 2023 with a launch in 2024.

## Human rights due diligence

Protecting  Human  Rights  lays  the  foundations  for  a  more sustainable  supply  chain  and  is  a  fundamental  Value  for Technip Energies. Our goal is to put in place standards and processes  to  identify,  prevent,  and  address  Human  Rights risks.  The complexities of global supply chains highlight the importance  of  working  hand  in  hand  with  all  stakeholders involved in the sector.

Our Code of Business Conduct, which reflects our commitment  to  acting  ethically  and  lawfully,  recognizes human  rights.  We  do  not  tolerate  any  form  of  modern slavery, child, forced, indentured, or involuntary labor, regardless of where we conduct business. It is our policy that our Code of Business Conduct be shared and discussed with our clients, suppliers, and business partners to better explain our rules of conduct and reinforce our culture of accountability. We aim to develop business relationships with like-minded subcontractors, suppliers, and business partners who  are  guided  by  a  similar  set  of  principles  of  business conduct and aspire to only do business with counterparties who respect human rights and uphold labor laws.

The  Company endeavors to ensure compliance with human rights  within  the  scope  of  its  operations  and  in  accordance with the following international human rights regulations and principles:

- ■ the  United  Nations  Guiding  Principles  on  Business  and Human Rights;
- ■ the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights; and
- ■ the International Labor Organization's Fundamental Conventions.

Human  rights  principles  at  Technip  Energies  encompass  a broad  range  of  topics,  from  prohibiting  any  form  of  child labor, forced labor or modern slavery; prohibiting discrimination  in  all  forms;  creating  a  working  environment free from any form of harassment or violence; ensuring fair working  conditions;  maintaining  a  safe,  healthy  and  secure workplace; ensuring ethical recruitment; respecting freedom of association and collective bargaining and grievance mechanisms.  The  protection of human  rights principles involves  many  aspects  of  our  operations  and  is  a  topic handled  by  different  functions  and  departments  working together  to  develop  and  implement  effective  processes  to foster a better working environment for our employees and our subcontractors.

We have defined our overall policy by engaging with external and internal stakeholders to embed respect for human rights in our operations and business relationships and promote the protection of human  rights for our employees in the workplace  and  across  our  supply  chain  as  a  foundational business  practice.  We  have  developed  a  Human  Rights Standard, supplemented by dedicated processes, which collectively  set  forth  recognized  human  rights  and  worker welfare principles to ensure our operations are executed in compliance  with  these  standards  and  to  ensure  everyone with whom we work is treated with respect and dignity.

## Risk assessment and mitigation

Identifying and mapping the risks related to human rights in our operations enables  us to put in place appropriate mitigation  measures.  We  follow  a  risk-based  approach  to assess  where  our  operations  face  the  highest  risks  from  a Human Rights perspective and define mitigation measures to address the risks related to worker welfare. Subcontractors and suppliers may be subject to human rights due diligence to understand potential areas of concern and define specific actions  to  mitigate  the  concerns  before  the  execution  of work.  It  allows  us  to  discuss  and  align  standards  and processes with suppliers and subcontractors involved during the tendering phase of a project and before the signature of a contract.

In  addition,  we  are  working  on  developing  processes  to evaluate  the  implementation  of  human  rights  and  workers welfare requirements by our subcontractors during the execution  of  the  work.  In  some  instances,  a  set  of  human rights KPIs aimed at monitoring the human rights performance  of  the  subcontractors  during  operations  has been developed and integrated to the contractual requirements. Also, we continue to assess how our companywide monitoring processes could be reinforced in this area.

## Collaboration

We are convinced that Human Rights are not the responsibility  of  one  company,  but  of  many  companies working  together  to  make  a  difference.  This  is  why  we endeavor to discuss and align with all stakeholders from the earliest  phase  of  tendering.  As  members  of  the  Steering Committee of Building Responsibly, an association of leading companies that promote human rights and worker welfare in engineering and construction, we are closely involved in the definition of standards and development of tools associated with  the  Building  Responsibly  Worker  Welfare  Principles  to support the industry supply chain. Technip Energies is also a member of the United Nations Global Compact.

By  speaking  with  the  same  voice  and  establishing  agreed standards to prohibit any form of forced labor, discrimination, and harassment, while promoting ethical recruitment  practices,  and  a  safe  working  environment,  we can have greater influence with our stakeholders.

## Social Accountability - SA8000 Certification

Technip Energies Italy is certified to the SA8000 Standard to manifest its commitment to protecting human rights in the workplace. The SA8000  Standard is the leading social certification,  based  on  the  Universal  Declaration  of  Human Rights and International Labor Organization (ILO) conventions. Since 2011, Technip Energies Italy is audited on a quarterly basis by an external and independent third party approved by Social Accountability International (SAI).

<!-- image -->

'My  role  is  to  ensure  that  we  act  in  compliance  with  the SA8000 certification. This means raising the bar on the social aspects  of  EPC  project  management  in  the  same  way  that HSE has been raised in the past. It is reflected in our Purpose, our Values and our ESG Roadmap, and it can be a differentiator  in  the  industry.  Our  project  managers  and directors are convinced. Results have shown that improvements in worker welfare can lead to improved safety and higher productivity.' Sabina Lezziroli, Sustainable Development Manager.

In addition to the HSE team, we put a social team in place for each EPC and EPCm project managed by Rome operating center. Their job is to work with stakeholders to assess the specific  welfare  issues  of  each  project  and  to  implement actions  to  address  the  needs  of  the  workforce.  Raising awareness, establishing a grievance mechanism, and facilitating dialogue are important aspects of their role.

Two projects in Egypt managed by our Rome operating center demonstrate  the  progress  that  is  being  made  to  protect human rights and promote worker welfare.

## Midor Refinery Expansion Project

- ■ Contract: EPC Refinery Expansion
- ■ Client: Egypt's state-owned Middle East Oil Refinery (MIDOR)
- ■ Location: Alexandria, Egypt
- ■ Description:  Increase  overall  production  capacity  of  the facility.  Construction  completion  and  start-up  of  first utility production unit in Q3 2022.
- 8,000 workers on site, 12,000 at peak construction
- 85% local workforce (versus 60% target)
- 5% women
- Control system installed to monitor site access
- Social toolbox and grievance mechanism
- Walkthroughs during site inspections in which we verify the workers' level of knowledge about their rights and their  satisfaction  with  the  welfare  facilities  or  if  they have any issue to raise; moreover an open door policy is  in  place  to  directly  receive  in  office  any  request  of clarification or complaint and explain rights and duties of workers/employees.

## Assiut Oil Refinery Expansion and Upgrade Project

- ■ Contract: EPC contract for Mazut Hydrocracking Complex
- ■ Client:  Assiut  National  Oil  Processing  Company  (ANOPC) and state-owned oil company ENPPI
- ■ Location: Assiut, Upper Egypt
- ■ Description: Construction phase started early 2022
- 6,500 workers on site, 8,000 at peak construction
- 45% local workers (versus 30% target)
- Grievance mechanism
- 2  social  rooms:  since  the  employees  are  located  in  a camp and the site  is  far  from  leisure  facilities  in  the area, we installed rooms dedicated to social interaction between colleagues, including Arabic and Italian lessons,  to  engage  employees  and  promote  the  wellbeing and inclusion when far from home.

Teaching workers about their rights and duties, treating them fairly  and  with  respect,  bringing  their  grievances  to  the attention of management and solving them, demonstrates to workers that we take care of people, and it provides them with  a  sense  of  belonging.  It  also  has  a  positive  result  in terms of overall safety.

Going forward, we will share these initiatives and transfer the knowledge gained from our experience on these projects to other operating centers.

## 3.4.  MATERIALITY AND UN SDGS

## 3.4.1.  METHODOLOGY

On January 28, 2021, during our Capital Markets Day event, we announced that we would be conducting an in-depth and collaborative exercise in 2021 to define Technip Energies' ESG Roadmap and the associated scorecard that would support our  ESG  strategy.  This  exercise,  which  has  been  led  by  a dedicated team, started with a materiality assessment, included  all  our  stakeholders  and  allowed  us  to  define  our roadmap that was revealed on March 3, 2022.

The ESG materiality assessment was conducted from May  2021  to July 2021 by our project team  with  the assistance  of  a  specialized  outside  consultant.  Internally, approximately  5,800  employees  (38%)  from  38  countries

## 3.4.2.  MATERIALITY MATRIX

The ESG materiality matrix (see figure below) identifies our 12 ESG priority topics and our main sustainability challenges for the coming years.

These are:

1. Safety and security of teams;
2. Human rights;
3. Safety and quality of our solutions;
4. Business ethics;
5. Environmental footprint of projects through eco-design;
6. Climate change mitigation and adaptation;
7. Employee well-being and health;
8. Skills development and talent management;
9. Diversity and inclusion;
10. Low to zero-carbon solutions through innovation and digitalization;
11. Responsible and sustainable supply chain; and
12. ESG criteria in corporate governance and decision making.

participated in a company-wide survey. 28 interview sessions were held with Board members, Executive Committee members, business leaders and union representatives. Externally, we  conducted  a  survey  and  interviews with approximately  110  participants,  including  clients,  investors, suppliers,  subcontractors,  non-governmental  organizations, journalists and professional organizations.

The  materiality  assessment  and  the  resulting  matrix  are unchanged in 2022. However, the ESG Roadmap and Scorecard  have  been  modified  to  focus  on  issues  of  high importance  to  stakeholders  where  Technip  Energies  can make a strong business impact.

<!-- image -->

## Technip Energies ESG materiality matrix

<!-- image -->

- 12 Community engagement

## 3.4.3.  UN SDGS

The  United  Nations  Sustainable  Development  Goals  (' UN SDGs ') are a set of 17 global goals to help create a sustainable future for all. They represent an interconnected action plan for the planet and society to achieve by 2030.

At Technip Energies, we are taking actions and contributing to the global goals. In 2022, we mapped our alignment with the SDGs to determine where our business most aligned with and  contributed  to  supporting  the  goals.  Our  process  of

## UN SDGs Technip Energies' contribution

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Our employees are our most important asset, they constitute our key to success as a company. Therefore, our approach is preventive and holistic for our employees well-being. We continue to put in place measures and tools to improve our employees' well-being, health and safety.

We also defined targets: in 2022, we set a goal of zero fatality within our company's operations, and a yearly threshold of total recordable incident rate (' TRIR ') at 0.10, both including employees and subcontractors.

See more information in the section 3.3.2.1. Safeguard people and reinforce well-being.

The development of our employees is critical to Technip Energies' success. We invest in our employees development, across all functions and career paths. This is essential for Technip Energies to continue to win and grow leading positions and expertise to meet the energy transition challenges.

T.EN University will be launched in 2023. It will be structured around 6 main domains: Technology, Project Management, Digital, Commercial, Management &amp; Leadership and Culture. For the 2023-2025 period, the global Learning &amp; Development budget will be increased and we have set in our ESG Roadmap a target of 40 hours of learning per year, on average, by employee by 2025. As a part of our efforts to raise knowledge about energy transition for young talent, we will also launch an International Graduate Program dedicated to energy transition in 2023.

See more information in the section 3.3.2.2. Attract and grow talents.

In order to promote diversity amongst all our operations around the world, we are implementing local diversity action plans in our main countries. We have ambitious targets within our ESG Scorecard to ensure diversity is within our Board, Executive Committee, leadership positions and in Technip Energies globally.

In 2022, we hired 51.7% of women in graduate intake and we achieved 18% of women in leadership positions. Technip Energies is making sure that gender pay equity is effective within the Company.

See more information in the section 3.3.2.3. Advance an inclusive culture.

Technip Energies intends to improve the sustainable use of water. Therefore, as part of our ESG Scorecard, we have a target to source 50% of our water consumption from reused sources by 2025. In 2022, we achieved 19% of water from reused sources in our projects and operations.

See more information in the section 3.3.1.2 Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity.

We are investing in carbon-free solutions, and especially in floating offshore wind, to contribute to increasing the share of renewables in the global energy mix. We are also very active in CO2 management, and especially in carbon capture and storage (' CCS ').

In addition, we also continue to improve energy efficiency of our buildings, reduce our energy consumption and maximize the use of renewables.

See more information in the sections 3.1.5. A Focus on CO2 Management and 3.3.1.1. Decarbonize the future.

We are a People company. Every employee and every person who works for us can have a meaningful contribution. We aim to develop a workplace where contributions from all are recognized, where people can continuously develop their skills and are fairly rewarded and associated to the company's performance.

One of our Values is 'We actively listen'. In November 2022, we have launched 'My Voice', our first global employee engagement survey to which 71% of our employees have participated.

See more information in the sections 3.2.3. Stakeholder Engagement and 3.3.2.2. Attract and grow talents.

Since Technip Energies' activities are focused on energy transition, innovation is a must-have to accelerate the world transition to a less carbon-reliant economy. We are making sustainable changes to the way we operate, broaden opportunities, and support new business models.

We are focusing our R&amp;D on the low-carbon solutions and establishing technology pathways for our clients to achieve their net zero ambitions.

See more information in the sections 3.1.5. A Focus on CO2 Management, 3.3.1.1. Decarbonize the future and 3.3.1.3 Accelerate innovation and digitalization.

identification and prioritization of the main SDGs for Technip Energies is based on our sustainability materiality analysis. In 2021, we  have  engaged  with  our internal and  external stakeholders  to  assess  the  impact  of  our  business  through our entire value chain. As a result, we established our ESG Scorecard and Roadmap which represent our commitments and targets and we identified 12 priority  SDGs  as  the  goals we most significantly contribute to.

<!-- image -->

## UN SDGs

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Technip Energies' contribution

We aim to reduce inequalities in communities where we operate through our volunteering program. We always foster and encourage participation of employees.

In 2022, 2,770 volunteers participated in initiatives organized by Technip Energies for the benefit of more than 420,000 people in the local communities where we operate.

See more information in the section 3.3.2.4. Contribute to local development.

Technip Energies continues to focus on waste valorization, which means reusing, recycling, composting, and recovering waste from our operations. In 2022, we gave economic value to 87% of waste generated in our sites through recycling and reuse.

Technip Energies has joined Act4nature International in September 2022 to reinforce its action towards conservation of nature and biodiversity.

See more information in the section 3.3.1.2 Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity.

Our new climate targets cover the entire value chain (scopes 1, 2 &amp; 3). We aim to become net zero scopes 1 &amp; 2 by 2030 and net zero scope 3 by 2050. We also aim to help our clients reduce their greenhouse gas emissions at their operation sites, thanks to our low-carbon solutions including carbon capture and storage.

See more information in the sections 3.1.5. A Focus on CO2 Management and 3.3.1.1. Decarbonize the future.

As per our Code of Business Conduct, we have a zero tolerance for corruption, we believe in fair competition, we reject any form of human slavery, we protect personal data and human rights, we encourage our employees to speak up.

To reinforce our anti-bribery and anti-competitive practices, we are reducing our non-mandatory commercial intermediaries, with the aim to eliminate all of them by 2025.

See more information in the section 3.3.3.2. Foster Integrity.

We continue to partner with various companies in our ecosystem in order to achieve our mutual goals. Examples of partnerships signed or strengthened in 2022:

- ■With Shell Catalysts &amp; Technologies to address the growing Carbon Capture and Storage demand;
- ■With Greenko Group to explore Green Hydrogen project opportunities in India;
- ■With Equinor to accelerate Floating Offshore Wind development.

See more information in the section 3.1.6. Join forces and bridge expertise across industries.

## 3.5. ESG RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

## 3.5.1.  ESG RISK MANAGEMENT

## ESG-related risks

ESG risks are social, environmental, and governance variables that could affect a company's financial position or operating performance. For Technip Energies, ESG risks include those related to climate change, environmental protection, working and safety conditions, respect for human rights, anti-bribery and corruption practices, and compliance with relevant laws and regulations.

Our process to identify, assess and manage our risks, threats and  opportunities  is  described  in  the  sections  4.1.  Risk Management overview and 4.2. Enterprise Risk Management framework where we have listed the main risks associated to the  ownership  of  Technip  Energies'  shares:  strategic  risks, operational  risks,  financial  risks,  legal  and  regulatory  risks, taxation risk, and ownership of Technip Energies shares. See more in section 4.3. Risks to which we are subject. The ESGrelated risks are integrated in the three main risks below:

- ■ Strategic risks;
- ■ Operational risks; and
- ■ Legal and regulatory risks.

## Climate change-related risks

Risks related to climate change have a significant impact on the Company's activities and that of our clients throughout the entire value chain.

Climate change and the energy transition have and will have an impact on the Company's services and solutions provided to  clients.  Therefore,  the  identification  and  management  of risks related to climate change and actions to seize opportunities  are  key  for  Technip  Energies.  Some  climaterelated risks are already captured by our company's Enterprise Risk Management (' ERM '), which implements risk identification and assessment both at global level (i.e. Group and operating centers) and at operational level (i.e. projects for  our  clients).  Current  processes  enable  the  identification of  climatic  events  that  could  impact  the  achievement  of business  objectives,  strategies,  and  measures  to  address them.

For  more  details  on  our  risk  management  system,  see section 4.2. Enterprise Risk Management framework.

In addition, this year, a high-level analysis has been performed  to  establish  an  exhaustive  climate-related  risk universe  for  Technip  Energies.  We  ensured  alignment  of identified  risks  with  the  Task  Force  on  Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (' TCFD ') and Carbon Disclosure Project (' CDP ') risks categories and subcategories (defined as 'Primary  climate-related  risk  drivers').  These  risks  can  be found  in the table  below.  The  analysis  was  based  on interviews  with  key  internal  stakeholders,  a  desktop  review of  existing  external  and  internal  documentation  related  to climate  change  and  its  associated  impacts  as  well  as  a benchmark of common and best practices in the energy and oil and gas sectors.

Through the interviews of key internal stakeholders and the business  strategy,  risks  at  short-,  medium-  and  long-term horizons  were  captured.  However,  time  horizons  have  not been fully integrated in our ESG risk assessment yet; this is work in progress and will be disclosed in the coming years. Technip  Energies,  as  a  solution  developer  for  several  major energy  companies  in  the  world,  needs  to  consider  climaterelated issues throughout its entire value chain to be able to respond to the technological innovations linked to the energy transition  and  climate  change.  The  part  of  the  value  chain (upstream,  own  operations,  downstream)  impacted  by  each risk is described in the table below.

## Identifying physical climate risks

Regarding  physical  climate  risks,  in  2022,  Technip  Energies carried out a study, based on the 6 th Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (' IPCC ') report published in August 2021, to  assess  the  risks  of  climate  change  for  our  employees, customers, and assets. The study ranks the countries where we operate according to their exposure to four specific risk factors: flooding, coastal submersion, heat stress and tropical  cyclone.  The  aim  is  to  provide  information  to  site teams to conduct more local investigations, bearing in mind that  different  regions  within  a  country  may  be  affected differently.

The risk rating analysis will continue to be developed in 2023 to support our projects and sites to identify and implement adaptation  solutions  within  their  respective  HSES  and  risk management plans as early as possible in projects life cycle.

<!-- image -->

## 3.5.2.  ESG RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

The  tables  below  provide  a  summary  of  Technip  Energies  ESG-related  risks  and  opportunities.  For  more  details  on  the Company's risks and how they are managed, see section 4.3. Risks to which we are subject.

Table 1 - ESG-related Risks

| Climate  Transition  risk:  Emerging and  current  regulation  Legal and  regulatory  risks  Mandates on and  regulations of  existing products  and services  Existing or future laws and regulations  relating to GHG emissions and climate  change, such as the EU Taxonomy  regulation, may adversely affect our  business.  See the details in 4.3.4.2.  Direct  operations,  Downstream  Climate  Transition  risk:  Technology  Strategic  risks  Substitution of  existing products  and services with  lower emissions  options  Inability to develop a sufficiently  adequate technological innovation  position for the business associated with  energy transition.  See the details in 4.3.1.1. and 4.3.1.2.  Direct  operations  Climate  Transition  risk:  Legal  Operational  risks  Exposure to  litigation  Our operations require us to comply with  numerous regulations, violations of  which could have a material adverse  effect on our financial condition, results  of operations, or cash flows.  See the details in 4.3.2.7.  Direct  operations,  Downstream  Climate  Transition  risk:  Market  Strategic  risks  Uncertainty in  market signals  Trends in the energy markets and  changes in demand for certain products  and services are directly affecting our  business, such as:  ■Oil and gas demand and prices  ■Renewable energy profitability  ■CO₂ storage and hydrogen demand  ■Ability to access capital/financing  See the details in 4.3.1.2., 4.3.1.4., and  4.3.1.5.  Downstream  Climate  Transition  risk:  Market  Operational  risks  Price volatility and  reduced material  availability  The low-carbon transition could lead to  increased prices as companies providing  raw materials (clays, rock, sands) and  processed materials (cement, concrete,  metals) are also committed to climate  trajectories. Indeed, their investments to  reduce their carbon footprint and their  willingness to develop 'green' offers can  lead to cost increases for their clients,  including Technip Energies.  See the details in 4.3.2.1.  Upstream,  Direct  operations  Climate  Transition  risk:  Reputation  Strategic &amp;  Operational  risks  Stigmatization of oil  &amp; gas sector and  increased  stakeholder concern  or negative  stakeholder  feedback  Our activity continues to focus to a very  large extent on oil and gas sector, an  emissive sector that can be stigmatized.  This could affect:  ■Talent attraction and retention  (difficulties in recruiting certain expert  profiles in energy transition and low-  carbon solutions)  ■Investors' perception of oil, gas and  renewables investments  ■Negative public opinion,  demonstrations  See the details in 4.3.1.2. and 4.3.2.5.  Direct  operations  Topic  Risk  Type  Main  Technip  Energies  Risks  Risk Impact  Driver  Risk  Description  Where in the  value chain  the risk driver  occurs   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Climate  Physical Risk:  Acute  Strategic,  Operational,  &amp; legal and  regulatory  risks  Increased severity  of extreme weather  events such as:  ■Cyclone,  hurricane,  typhoon  ■Flood (coastal,  fluvial, pluvial,  groundwater)  ■Heat wave  ■Heavy  precipitation (rain,  hail, snow/ice)  Increased severity of extreme weather  events could impact Technip Energies in  several ways:  ■Delays and costs on construction  projects due to disruption on the site  and in the supply chain,  ■Health and safety of employees and  potential liabilities arising from these  events,  ■Contract margins (unforeseen  additional costs due to disruption in  supply chain, additional costs to  implement climate-resilient design  and construction).  See the details in 4.3.1.3., 4.3.2.2., 4.3.2.3.  and 4.3.4.4.  Upstream,  Direct  operations,  Downstream  Climate  Physical risk:  Chronic  Strategic,  Operational,  &amp; legal and  regulatory  risks  ■Changing  precipitation  patterns and  types (rain, hail,  snow/ice)  ■Temperature  variability  ■Precipitation and/  or hydrological  variability  ■Water scarcity  Chronic changes (such as temperatures  and precipitations) could impact Technip  Energies in several ways:  ■Health and safety of employees with  adverse working conditions,  ■Contract margins (additional costs to  ensure efficiency and performance of  the plant designed in evolving climate  conditions).  See the details in 4.3.1.3., 4.3.2.2., 4.3.2.3.  and 4.3.4.4.  Upstream,  Direct  operations,  Downstream  Environmental  Biodiversity  Legal and  regulatory  risks  Biodiversity loss,  nature deteriorating  worldwide, water  scarcity  Without proper assessment, mitigation  and prevention measures, the natural  habitats of flora and fauna could be  negatively impacted by our projects.  See the details in 4.3.4.2.  Direct  operations  Social  Employees  Operational  risks  ■Highly dynamic  labor market and  instability  ■Need of  specialized skills  and experience in  the workforce  ■Specific growing  need of Green  skills across the  industries  ■Inflation and  increase of wage  rates  We may be unable to employ and retain  a sufficient number of skilled and  qualified workers.  See the details in 4.3.2.5.  Direct  operations  Social  Safety  Operational &amp;  Legal and  regulatory  risks  Serious or fatal  employee injury or  illness  ■Loss of, or impact  to, employees  ■Loss of  productivity  ■Property damage  ■Reputational  impact  ■Clients'  confidence  ■Fines  Our ability to ensure the safety, health  and well-being of our people.  See the details in 4.3.2.7. and 4.3.4.4.  Direct  operations  Topic  Risk  Type  Main  Technip  Energies  Risks  Risk Impact  Driver  Risk  Description  Where in the  value chain  the risk driver  occurs   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Social  Supply Chain  and Human  Rights  Operational  risks  Supply chain  disruption due to  increase of climate-  related risks as well  as the evolution of  international trade  and market barriers  ■Delays in  production and  delivery, incurring  important costs  ■Impact on clients  experience if  delays are too  long  Violations of human  rights and  fundamental  freedoms  ■Reputation and  brand image  ■Legal impact  ■Health &amp; well-  being impact for  our employees,  suppliers and  sub-contractors  We face risks relating to our reliance on  subcontractors, suppliers, joint venture  and consortium partners and our  operations require us to comply with  numerous regulations, violations of  which could have a material adverse  effect on our financial condition, results  of operations, or cash flows.  We can operate in regions where the risk  of human rights, such as forced and  compulsory labor, work conditions, and  discrimination are high, and we need to  invest financial and managerial  resources to ensure the human rights for  all the workers in all projects and  operations.  See the details in 4.3.2.4. and 4.3.2.7.  Upstream  Governance  Ethics and  Compliance  Operational  risks  Our international  operations are  subject to anti-  corruption laws and  regulations  As a result of doing business in foreign  countries, including through partners  and agents, we are exposed to a risk of  violating anti-corruption laws and  sanctions regulations.  We may be exposed to the risk of  damage to our image and reputation due  to non-ethical business behavior.  See the details in 4.3.2.7.  Upstream,  Direct  operations  Governance  Cybersecurity  Operational  risks  ■Dependency on  information  technology ('  IT  ')  systems  ■Risk of cyber-  attacks  A failure of our IT infrastructure,  including as a result of cyber-attacks,  could adversely impact our business and  results of operations.  See the details in 4.3.2.6.  Direct  operations  Topic  Risk  Type  Main  Technip  Energies  Risks  Risk Impact  Driver  Risk  Description  Where in the  value chain  the risk driver  occurs   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table 2 - ESG-related Opportunities

| Climate  Products  and services  Development  and/or  expansion of  low-emission  goods and  services &amp; shift  in consumer  preferences  Technip  Energies  has  placed  the  challenges  of  energy  transition  at  the  heart  of  its  strategy,  orienting  its  new  organization  and  businesses  towards  sustainable  and  low-  carbon solutions. Increased demand for sustainable and low-  carbon  solutions  are  expected  from  'historical'  clients  engaging in their energy transition journey and also from new  clients.  Energy  transition  opportunities,  excluding  LNG,  which  are  accelerating with a near doubling of the commercial pipeline  since the start of 2022.  See more in section 2.3.1.  Direct  operations,  Downstream  Climate  Products  and services  Development of  new products  or services  through R&amp;D  and innovation  Technip Energies' investments in R&amp;D related to low-carbon  solutions is key to ensure that reliable solutions to the energy  transition are provided to its clients. Through its investments  to improve the resilience of materials used and of products  designed,  Technip  Energies  also  intends  to  continue  to  provide  resilient  technologies,  products  and  services  to  climate change.  Direct  operations  Climate  Products  and services  Ability to  diversify  business  activities  Through  its  new  organization  towards  sustainable  and  low-  carbon solutions, Technip Energy identifies the opportunity to  reach a wider range of clients, and therefore to depend less  on a minority of major clients.  Direct  operations  Climate  Markets  Access to new  markets  Global  agenda  to  mitigate  impacts  of  climate  change  has  taken center stage and Technip Energies has the opportunity  to reach new markets related to the energy transition and the  climate by two means: through its traditional markets (such  as liquefied natural gas, downstream and offshore) which are  themselves  evolving  towards  lower  carbon  solutions,  and  through  high-growth  new  markets  (such  as  hydrogen,  sustainable chemistry and CO2 management).  Direct  operations,  Downstream  Climate  Resilience  Participation in  renewable  energy  programs and  adoption of  energy-  efficiency  measures  Technip  Energies  is  expanding  its  technologies  and  process  portfolio  to  carbon-free  energy  chains  including  'green  hydrogen' produced from renewable energy. See the markets  we  have  been  focusing  on  and  partnerships  we  have  developed during 2022 in the section 1.5. Our Markets - from  traditional to emerging.  Direct  operations  Climate  Resource  efficiency  Move to more  efficient  buildings  The Company's ambition to play a decisive role in the energy  transition  can  be  illustrated  with  its  actions  on  its  own  buildings and facilities. The move to more efficient buildings  is  an  opportunity  for  Technip  Energies  to  show  design,  construction and composition approach of buildings that fits  with  the  Company's  energy  transition  positioning  and  commitments  in  terms  of  carbon  footprint  reduction.  The  best example is the new headquarter inaugurated in 2021 in  Paris-La  Défense  area  that  illustrates  well  the  Company's  intentions in terms of energy transition.  Direct  operations  Climate  Energy source  Use of lower-  emission  sources of  energy &amp; Use of  new  technologies  With more than 80 buildings including offices and industrial  sites, and many construction sites all around the world where  our  engineering,  project  management  and  construction  activities are developed, the use of lower-emission sources of  energy  is  an  opportunity  to  demonstrate  our  strategy  on  energy  transition,  and,  in  a  more  concrete  way,  to  reduce  certain  costs  and  risks  related  to  energy  supply.  Our  ESG  Roadmap (section 3.1.2.) includes targets related to scope 1, 2,  3 and avoided emissions. See more details in 3.3.1.1.  Direct  operations  Topic  Opportunity  Type  Opportunity  Impact Driver  Opportunity Description  Where in the  value chain  the  opportunity  driver occurs   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Environment  Circular  economy  Provide a  recycling  technology for  each of Technip  Energies'  polymer  technologies  and minimize  environmental  impact  As  one  of  the  world's  major  providers  of  proprietary  technologies  and  services  in  the  field  of  plastics  producing  plants, ranging from polyesters, polyamides to polyolefins, we  are  now  using  our  expertise  to  provide  plastic  recycling  solutions.  Our  aim  is  to  provide  a  recycling  technology  for  each of Technip Energies' polymer technologies. See more in  the section 1.5.2. Sustainable Fuels, Chemicals and Circularity.  Direct  operations,  Upstream,  Downstream  Environment  Protection  of the  biodiversity  Join Act4nature  International to  reinforce its  action towards  conservation of  nature and  biodiversity  As part of joining Act4nature International, Technip Energies  individually committed to:  ■Integrate biodiversity into its global strategy and activities  ■Not  participate  in  any  new  projects  inside  International  Union  for  Conservation  of  Nature  (IUCN)  most  sensitive  areas  ■Report  the  exposure  of  Technip  Energies  sites  to  biodiversity risk and adapt its management practices.  Direct  operations  Social  People  development  Make Technip  Energies  Employer Brand  recognized and  attractive  We are working in our employer branding strategy in order to  attract talent, engage people and reduce employee turnover.  See more in section 3.3.2.2.  Direct  operations  Social  People  development  Empower,  upskill and  reskill our  workforce to  unleash  potential and  sustain  employability  Our  aim  is  to  enable  our  people  to  build  knowledge  that  matches business needs and enhance learning mindset.  See more in section 3.3.2.2.  Direct  operations  Social  People  development  Advance an  inclusive  culture  Our ambitions to foster an inclusive and caring environment  have been reflected in 2022 by our continuous efforts to keep  Diversity  and  Inclusion  (D&amp;I)  agenda  a  business  priority  like  any  other.  To  progress  an  inclusive  culture,  we  focus  on  several axes: bring tangible results on gender representation  at  all  levels  of  the  organization  establishing  a  robust  governance to drive results, increase leadership awareness on  barriers  of  inclusion  in  the  workplace  and  their  visible  accountability and listen actively to our employees' voices.  See more in 3.3.2.3.  Direct  operations  Topic  Opportunity  Type  Opportunity  Impact Driver  Opportunity Description  Where in the  value chain  the  opportunity  driver occurs   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 3.6.  IMPACT BOOK

In line  with  our  ESG  Roadmap,  we  are  committed  to strengthening our ESG accountability and report on progress. In addition to the results presented below, this chapter has been audited and is aligned with EU Taxonomy and international frameworks (TCFD, SASB, and GRI Standards).

Investors and other stakeholders are looking beyond traditional metrics to consider profitability that is sustainable over  the  long  term.  Being  able  to  demonstrate  progress  on ESG  measures  is  an  important  differentiator  and  source  of pride.

## 3.6.1.  DEFINITIONS AND METHODOLOGIES

## ESG Scorecard definitions

Our ESG scorecard is both a framework and a commitment. It  is  the  way,  we  translate  our  ambitions  into  specific objectives  and  targets.  In  the  table  below  we  describe  the main terminologies used in the ESG scorecard and how we calculate the respective targets.

| Climate &amp; Environment  Scope 1: Technip Energies'  direct GHG emissions  Direct GHG emissions occur from sources that are owned, or long-term rented, according to  IFRS  16  regulation,  by  the  company.  Activity  data  and  emissions  include  on-site  stationary  combustion of fossil fuel burning equipment (e.g. heating boilers) or process-based emissions  (e.g. backup electricity generators). Also included, are refrigerants for heating, ventilation, and  air conditioning purposes, and emissions from service vehicles for our own operations (owned  and leased).  Scope 2: Technip Energies'  indirect GHG emissions  Scope 2 accounts for GHG emissions consumed by the company in its owned or long-term  rented  assets.  It  comprises  emissions  associated  with  the  consumption  of  purchased  or  acquired electricity, heating and cooling. Activity data and emissions include the purchase of  electrical power, heat and/or cooling from the utility local district network.  Scope 3: Technip Energies'  other indirect GHG emissions  Scope 3 emissions are a consequence of the activities of the company but occur from sources  not  owned  by  the  company.  Some  examples  of  scope  3  activities  are  extraction  and  production of purchased materials; transportation; and use of sold products and services.  Scope 3 emissions are all indirect emissions (not included in scope 2) that occur in the value  chain of the reporting company, including both upstream and downstream emissions. Scope 3  emissions  are  divided  into  15  different  categories,  such  as  purchased  goods  and  services  (category 1), the use of sold products (category 11, not reported this year), and the end-of-life  treatment of sold products (category 12, not reported this year).  Please  see  below  scheme  -  Overview  of  life  cycle  stages  for  typical  onshore/offshore  EPC  projects - which provides a clear split between scope 3 upstream and scope 3 downstream.  Net zero emissions  The reporting company reaches a state of net zero emissions when (a) reducing its scope 1, 2  and  3  emissions  to  zero  or  to  a  residual  level  that  is  consistent  with  reaching  net  zero  emissions at the global or sector level in eligible 1.5°C scenarios or sector pathways and; (b)  neutralizing  any  residual  emissions  at  the  net  zero  target  date  and  any  GHG  emissions  released into the atmosphere thereafter.  Technip Energies' avoided  GHG emissions  Avoided  GHG  emissions  are  direct  or  indirect  GHG  emissions  reductions  or  removals  or  sequestration that occur outside of Technip Energies services or project's life cycle or value  chain, but as a result of the use of that sold service or project. The point of view is that of the  clients,  comparing two situations: with the solutions sold by Technip Energies, and without  the solutions sold by Technip Energies (corresponding to the reference scenario or baseline,  e.g. without carbon capture units).  Carbon footprint  The total amount of greenhouse gases expressed in metric tonnes of CO2 equivalent listed in  the GHG Protocol for a defined perimeter.  R&amp;D budget allocation to  energy transition  Research and Development (R&amp;D) budget allocated to our energy transition domains: Liquefied  Natural Gas (LNG), sustainable chemistry, carbon-free energy solutions, and decarbonization  from January 1 to December 31 of the reporting year.  Main entities ISO 14001  certified  All  main  operating  centers,  above  50  permanent  employees,  as  the  Technip  Energies  organization, certified ISO 14001: Environmental Management System.  Water consumed on sites  from reused sources  Water consumed whose source type is rainwater collected and stored for use, wastewater  treated and reused internally, and/or wastewater from another organization.  Waste valorized  Waste, under Technip Energies ownership, whose management type is classified as diverted  from disposal.  Terminology  Definition   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Terminology

| People  Women hiring on yearly  graduate intake  Newly  graduated  employees  hired  on  payroll  (college,  bachelor,  master,  PhD)  with  up  to  2  years of professional experience.  Women in leadership  positions  Permanent  women  employees  in  positions  classified  as  band  15  or  above  (internal  job  classification).  Main countries have local  diversity action plan  Countries, where Technip Energies has the biggest headcount (France, India, Italy, the USA,  United Arab Emirates, Malaysia, Spain, United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and Colombia), need  to develop their own action plans to improve diversity based on local context.  Eligible construction sites  with BBS program  HSE accountable projects with EPC activities and having a peak manpower above 500 workers  that implemented Behavior-based Safety Program.  Employees participating in  the ESG learning  Permanent  employees  who  completed  the  'Together  by  T.EN'  e-learning  about  Technip  Energies ESG strategy and Roadmap.  Total Recordable Incidents  Rate (TRIR)  Total number of Recordable Cases (RC) x 200,000 / Worked hours.  Volunteering hours  Hours  spent  by  Technip  Energies  employees  and  stakeholders  (such  as  subcontractors,  employees' family, clients, etc.) during an action or activity that creates a long-term positive  impact in the communities where we live and work.  Trust  Link compensation to ESG  Roadmap performance  annually  ESG  targets  and  key  performance  indicators  as  part  of  Technip  Energies  remuneration  policies: Annual Performance Bonus and Long-term Incentive programs.  Yearly ABC training for all at  risk functions and  gatekeepers  Identified risk functions in the company who completed the 'Anti-bribery and Corruption: the  Basics' e-learning in 2022.  Continued reduction of non-  mandatory commercial  intermediaries  Eliminate commercial consultants or distributors interacting on behalf of Technip Energies in  a sales capacity with our clients in countries where it is not mandatory per national law.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Definition

## Carbon Footprint Methodology

At Technip Energies, we engage with our various stakeholders to find and develop solutions to assess and reduce our global carbon footprint, including all direct and indirect greenhouse gas (' GHG ') emissions - whether scope 1, 2 or 3, as defined in  the  Greenhouse  Gas  Protocol  Corporate  Accounting  and Reporting Standard (GHG Protocol).

Since 2021, we have reshaped our approach regarding climate change adaptation and mitigation. With the mobilization of a fully dedicated Climate Change  and Actions team, our approach has been reviewed and confirmed with the support of  well-recognized  third  parties  in  order  to  ensure  a  fully transparent  and  consistent  approach,  sound  follow-up  and tracking of our reduction objectives.

In  2022,  we  have  developed  our  set  of  methodologies  and calculation  guidelines  and  are  expanding  our  reporting  to cover our entire scope 3 for both upstream and downstream emissions,  our  scope  of  avoided  emissions,  set  a  scope  3 emissions  reduction  and  avoided  emissions  maximization targets.

We have aligned our methodologies and calculation guidelines  as  much  as  possible  to  the  Greenhouse  Gas Protocol requirements while the ISO and EN standards have been  used  as  guidance  even  if  initially,  these  two  sets  of standards have not been developed neither for an engineering company nor for an EPC contractor. Specificities and reasons are highlighted and described below.

## Reporting boundaries

Technip Energies generates GHG  emissions through its various activities:

1. Activities related to buildings, offices, factories, employees and associated commodities;
2. Activities related to projects or 'sold products':
- a. Project management  services,  assistance to client, sales of process licenses, engineering and design activities mainly in our offices throughout the world;
- b. Procurement, manufacturing, subcontracted construction activities, installation on onshore/offshore sites including the transport and reception of purchased equipment from vendors, as well as project activities related to commissioning and start-up;
- c. Manufacturing activities of equipment (such as loading systems and ethylene furnaces) in industrial buildings owned by Technip Energies.

All  these  generated  GHG  emissions  are  reported  and  split between  scopes  1  &amp;  2,  scope  3  upstream  and  scope  3 downstream  based  on  the  Greenhouse  Gas  Protocol  which establishes  comprehensive  global  standardized  frameworks to manage GHG emissions.

Technip  Energies'  GHG  emissions  related  to  all  scopes  are consolidated and reported as per the following boundaries:

- ■ equity share approach;
- ■ where  Technip  Energies'  equity  share  is  marginal  (under 15%), related carbon footprint is reported under category 15 - Investment. Only very few legal entities fall down into this  category  while  for  other  cases,  the  emissions  are reported in the appropriate scope 3 categories.

## Scope 1 &amp; 2

Following equity share approach and aligned with our financial  reporting  under  IFRS  16,  only  emissions  related  to our  own  use  of  permanent  assets  are  reported  in  scopes  1 and  2  as  part  of  Technip  Energies  assets  while  temporary facilities  and  other  activities  related  to  our  clients'  assets (i.e. our projects) are reported separately under scope 3.

For these  types  of  activities, with  the addition of our business  travel,  employee  commuting  and  other  activities related  to  our  own  assets  and  people,  which  represent Technip  Energies'  carbon  footprint  as  an  engineering  and services company, carbon footprint annual reporting is based on actual accounted quantities for each calendar year.

Quantification methods used for the inventory are in accordance  with  best  practice  as  followed  by  the  GHG Protocol,  based  on  the  most  recently  available  emission factors.

Usage  or  'activity'  data  from  emission  sources  is  used  to calculate the emissions. The activity data is multiplied by the correlating emission factor, as defined in the GHG Protocol, or  by  engineering  evaluations  for  the  respective  activities. The  formula  for  calculating  emissions  is:  Activity  Data  x Emission Factor = (CO2, CH4, N2O, HFC, HCFC, SF6) Emissions.

All GHG  emissions  are calculated in metric tonnes of pollutant and converted to metric tonnes of CO2 equivalent (or 'CO2 eq') using the corresponding global warming potentials (GWP). The GWPs allow policymakers to compare the impacts and reductions associated with various gases in our environment, relative to a reference gas. Carbon dioxide is the reference gas and has a GWP equivalent to 1.

GWPs  for  Technip  Energies'  inventory  are  taken  from  the Intergovernmental  Panel  on  Climate  Change  (IPCC)  Fifth Assessment  Report  (AR5)  using  100-year  values.  For  direct emissions  (scope  1),  fuel-specific  emission  factors  for  CO2, CH4,  N2O  are  used  for  all  sites  worldwide  using  DEFRA emissions dataset.

Technip Energies' inventory follows the location-based accounting method to calculate scope 2 emissions. Following the  Scope  2  Guidance  from  the  GHG  Protocol,  Technip Energies  uses  the  national  or  regional  emission  factors  for indirect (scope 2) emissions defined by the following methods in each relative geography where Technip Energies operates:

- ■ International Energy Agency (IEA) CO2 Emissions from Fuel Combustion;
- ■ for  US  sites:  US  EPA  Emissions  &amp;  Generation  Resource Integrated Database (eGRID).

Emission  factors  were  selected  based  on  the  following hierarchy:  regional  or  subnational  grid  average  (US  only)  &gt; National production.

For the 2022 inventory, we collected financial and operational data from each site greater than 500 m 2 which in total  represents more than 99% of the total surface of the buildings owned or rented for our business operations.

One  site  in  India  is  excluded  from  the  reporting  since  it  is maintained closed and not in operation. One site in Houston, which  is  100%  subleased  and  does  not  contribute  to  our business operations, is accounted in scope 3.13.

The  data  management  process  includes  the  collection  of electricity,  heat,  cooling  and  fuels  consumption  as  well  as refrigerants leakages, that is monthly fulfilled by data owners.  Data  is controlled by the regional Real Estate Manager before being published. Activity data is converted to the appropriate units for calculating emissions with standard emission factors.

When data is not available for one or several months for one building  (e.g.  because  the  invoice  is  not  yet  available),  the energy  consumption  is  estimated  on  the  basis  of  the  data history related to previous months and years.

To cover the sites not included in the data collection (sites &lt; 500  m 2 and  a  non-active  site),  we  have  voluntarily  and conservatively added a contingency of 3% to the total volume of GHG emissions related to our buildings.

One  of  the  main  tools  used  in  Technip  Energies  for  data consolidation,  analytics,  visualization  and  monitoring  of  our CO2 emissions has been developed internally. This dashboard is  the  basis  of  the  site  inventory  and  energy  uses  for  GHG reporting.

The  data  management  process  includes  the  collection  of invoices  and  other  primary  evidences  (procurement  reports, extracts  from  the  third-party  providers'  reports,  etc.)  for quality control and assurance purposes.

Same  process  of  data  collection  was  followed  for  the  few external  data  centers.  Data  collected  in  2022  is  not  as accurate as originally  expected  and  includes  some  key assumptions  especially  for  scope  1  emissions.  The  process will  continue  to  be  improved  in  2023.  Emissions  from  the data centers that are hosted in our buildings are accounted in the building's emissions.

Regarding the fleet of vehicles (service cars) attached to the buildings and used for our direct operations, the calculation methodology  is  being  revised  and  these  emissions  are  not reported in 2022, they will be carried over to 2023. Company cars  and  vehicles  used  for  home-to-worksite  transport  is reported in scope 3 (commuting).

Annual GHG reporting is reviewed and validated by Technip Energies  on  an  annual  basis,  as  part  of  Technip  Energies' review process. The process is intended to ensure that the inventory  is  complete,  accurate  and  maintaining  continuous improvement and performance of any ongoing environmental sustainability reporting programs, KPIs and/or targets.

## Scope 3

Scope 3 is mainly induced by our projects under development for our clients and is largely based on anticipated  quantification  before  the  plants  are  started-up and entered into operation.

Most  of  our  scope  3  represents  life-cyle  emissions  of  our projects  which  are  our  'sold  products'  according  to  the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. Most of the upstream represents Technip Energies' carbon footprint as main or EPC contractor while the downstream part represents the use of our 'sold products' - the plants - by our clients.

The  GHG  emissions  calculations  boundary  limits  (system boundaries)  are  the  same  as  for  our  general  contractual project  scope  (including  by  definition  our  subcontractors), which can be only a part of a larger project developed by our clients.  Life-cycle  emissions  that  are  accounted  are  only those from projects that are in our portfolio; contracts that we did not win are excluded from the calculation.

For both scopes, upstream and downstream, GHG emissions are calculated for the entire project lifetime from cradle to grave  as  a  whole,  including  all  Technip  Energies  partners' scope  of  work  (subcontractors,  consortium  partners,  joint venture partners).

If  Technip  Energies  contract  does  not  cover  the  full  EPC scope  (e.g.  joint  ventures  or  consortium  partnerships),  the whole project carbon footprint is assessed and only Technip Energies' equity share is reported, while subcontracted activities  are  included  in  Technip  Energies'  reporting  into category 1 - Purchased goods and services.

Technip Energies activities include projects that are developed for greenfield plants (new plants with no existing GHG emissions) or brownfield plants (existing plants that are modified and already with existing GHG emissions).

For brownfield plants, Technip Energies GHG emissions shall only be representative of the overall Technip Energies scope, which  means  that  only  the  GHG  emissions  induced  by Technip Energies project scope are considered.

<!-- image -->

## Technip Energies GHG emissions scopes 1, 2 and 3: Overview of life cycle stages for typical onshore/offshore EPC projects

<!-- image -->

## Key accounting principles

The approach of GHG emissions calculation and assessment can  follow  two  philosophies  which  can  be  combined  and added to ensure the completeness of the quantification:

- ■ collecting data approach based on, if any, actual measured  data.  This  methodology  is  to  be  used  for activities achieved (actual work);
- ■ estimating  approach  based  on  data  quantification.  This methodology is generally to be used for activities not yet achieved or when data are not fully available (remaining or planned work).

Technip Energies bases its calculations as much as possible on  real  data,  measured  or  collected  from  customers  and suppliers,  and  updates  the  calculations  during  the  project development,  on  a  regular  basis  to  incorporate  the  project maturity, data availability or change or modification until the completion of the project. For example, if during the lifetime of  a  project,  the  configuration  is  planned  to  be  changed moving from fossil energy produced in situ to electrification with renewable energy, the benefit of the change, if sufficiently documented and secured, would be incorporated in the calculation.

If a carbon footprint calculation has not been performed for an  on-going  project  within  Technip  Energies'  portfolio,  the carbon  footprint  is  estimated  by  extrapolation  from  other projects using GHG emissions per revenue or cost ratios. This approach is only applicable for the small projects.

Progressive carbon footprint reporting mechanism is applied for  Technip  Energies'  on-going  projects  portfolio.  The  term 'on-going projects' refers here to the projects under development between their contract award and 100% progress achieved. The part of the project carbon footprint, corresponding to the progress achieved on the reported year, is reported each year, from year of contract award and year of  100% progress is achieved. This approach is aligned with IFRS  15  related  to  revenue  progress  and  recognition  and allowed  to  align  Technip  Energies'  annual  carbon  footprint reporting  with  our  annual  revenue  reporting.  Although  this approach  is  not  presented  in  the  GHG  Protocol,  it  was deemed  appropriate  to  Technip  Energies'  company  profile, which  deals  with  major  'sold'  projects  of  values  above Technip Energies' own annual revenue and need several years of development between contract award and final acceptance.

## Data collection, management and control

Large  volume  of  information  is  already  collected  in  our databases and other IT tools for the needs of various existing activities  developed  on  projects  and  for  support  functions. This information and its digitalization have been analyzed for this new purpose of GHG emissions quantification. Especially completeness and accuracy of the data and quantities have been  checked  and  completed  by  estimating  approaches where needed.

We have used our engineering and construction expertise to make the quantification, based on physical, quantified, actual and certified data originally and already developed and used by other disciplines for other purposes. This  approach guarantees a good level of accuracy of the calculated figures based  on  proven  and  reliable  processes  and  data  sources well tested internally and by our clients for decades.

For  this  first  year  of  reporting,  the  Climate  Change  and Actions teams has ensured the completeness of the reporting through centralized actions. In the future, decentralization  will  be  deployed  in  order  to  make  each project and each function owner of the process and responsible  for  the  quality  of  data  reported,  and  for  the reduction  actions  to  be  implemented  and  tracked  to  meet our reduction ambitions.

On projects, the Technip Energies Project Director is responsible  for  the  carbon  footprint  quantification  and  the reduction objectives of his project. He may be assisted by a dedicated  Project  Carbon  Manager  but  remains  responsible for the quality and  the accuracy of the quantification expected  at  each  step  of  the  project  development  in  line with Technip Energies methodologies and guidelines even if the  quantification  is  carried  out  by  a  JV  partner  or  a specialized consultant or the Client or their own consultants.

Annual GHG reporting is reviewed and validated by internal control,  as  part  of  Technip  Energies'  review  process.  This process is intended to ensure that the inventory is complete, accurate and to maintain continuous  improvement  and performance of any ongoing sustainability reporting programs, KPIs and/or targets.

## Emission factors used

The  large  volume  of  activities  achieved  on  our  projects needed  to  be  rationalized  at  the  right  level  of  detail  to  be manageable.  Semi-consolidation  approaches  were  achieved. In parallel, the emission factors existing in numerous external databases (e.g. EcoInvent, International Energy Agency (IEA), Ademe,  Inies,  DEFRA,  US  EPA,  Concawe)  and  provided  by suppliers and vendors were analyzed, domains of applicability checked, adapted to our activities and combined for  application  to  known  and  unknown  quantities.  An  inhouse  and  appropriate  emission  factors  database  has  been developed for all our engineering disciplines to cover all our types of activities.

## Avoided emissions

We believe  we  have  to  quantify  the  full  CO2  impact  of  our offers, to drive our decisions and provide expert and decisive advice to our clients to meet their GHG emissions reduction targets.

In  2022,  we  have  also  worked  on  defining  our  avoided emissions  and  its  related  methodology  and  guidelines.  This scope  represents  the  reduction  of  our  clients'  emissions achieved  thanks  to  our  solutions/projects  compared  to  a reference scenario or baseline without the solutions/projects (i.e. carbon capture units).

Because of the different nature and variety of the solutions and projects that Technip Energies provide, we have decided, for this year, to focus this scope on carbon capture projects only.  A  similar  calculation  methodology  as  developed  for scope 3 downstream, Use of sold product category, has been implemented for avoided emissions.

## Pre-investment stages of future projects

While  their  carbon  footprints  do  not  appear  as  such  in Technip Energies annual reporting, we also use these similar methodologies  and  approaches  to  estimate  the  full  carbon footprint  of  future  projects  during  pre-investment  stages from  conceptual  to  FEED  up  to  EPC  proposals.  These approaches are sufficiently detailed that the parameters can be  used  at  the  design  phase  to  lower  a  project's  overall carbon footprint, providing value for our clients, our decisionmaking processes and contributing to our sustainability offer.

## Methodological notes regarding Scope 3 GHG emissions (refer to section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators)

Scope 3.1 - Purchased goods and services:

- ■ out of projects, calculation is based on actual quantities purchased during the year;
- ■ for manufacturing of goods on projects:
- calculation is partially based on actual and forecasted quantities (55% of total carbon footprint value); and
- completed  by  revenue-based  extrapolation  for  other projects (45% of total carbon footprint value);
- prorata annual progress.
- ■ for construction activities on projects:
- calculation  is  partially  based  on  actual  and  forecast quantities (74% of total carbon footprint value); and
- completed  by  revenue-based  extrapolation  for  other projects (26% of total carbon footprint value);
- prorata annual progress.

Scope  3.2 -  Capital  goods:  Calculation  is  based  on  annual actual  quantities  of  materials  purchased  for  manufacturing of physical capital assets. For construction of building capital assets  owned  or  rented  with  a  long-term  lease  over  12 months, although this approach is not presented in the GHG Protocol,  emissions  are  smoothed  over  the  lifetime  of  the building  and  calculation  is  based  on  actual  building  square meters and theoretical annual ratio for construction, refreshment, renovation and restructuration.

Scope 3.3 -  Fuel-and energy-related activities (not included in scope 1 and scope 2): Extraction, production and transport of energy related to scope 1 based on ratio (22.2%).

Scope 3.4 -Upstream transportation and distribution: Transportation of goods, modules, towing, offshore campaigns on projects:

- ■ calculation  is  partially  based  on  actual  and  forecasted quantities (30% of total carbon footprint value); and
- ■ completed  by  revenue-based  extrapolation  for  smaller projects (70% of total carbon footprint value);
- ■ prorata annual progress.

Scope  3.5 -  Waste  generated  in  operations:  Calculation  is based on actual quantities completed by in-house quantification based on past experience.

Scope 3.6 -Business travel: Air business travel only. Calculation  is  based  on  actual  mileage  and  type  of  haul (short, medium  and  long). Value for year 2019 before COVID-19 crisis was 31,712 tonnes CO2 eq. Rail, road and hotel nights are included in scope 3.1.

Scope  3.7 -  Employee  commuting:  Calculation  is  based  on actual  number  of  employees  (15,586  in  2021  and  14,515  in 2022) x 40 km/day average and average split transportation type per operating center and country.

Scope 3.8 -  Mandatory parts of upstream leased assets are reported  in  other  scopes  (scope  1  or  2).  Manufacturing  of used  equipment,  reported  in  scope  3.1,  such  as  temporary site  facilities,  camps,  lifting  equipment,  site  vehicles  and transportation  equipment  (vessel,  train)  is  optional  and  not included.

<!-- image -->

Scope 3.9 - Downstream transportation and distribution: Not applicable for EPC projects. Technip Energies' 'sold products'  are  composed  of  the  'plants'  which  are  not subject to transportation and distribution. Applicable only for Technip Energies industrial sites (Loading Systems, Cybernetix and Dahej).

Scope  3.10 -  Processing  of  sold  products:  Not  applicable. Technip  Energies'  'sold  products'  are  composed  of  the plants or loading arms or furnaces which are not subject to intermediate processing.

Scope 3.11 -  Use  of  sold  products  (operation  of  our  clients' plants and manufactured equipment by Technip Energies): in progress.

Scope  3.12 -  End-of-life  treatment  of  sold  products  (our clients' plants): in progress.

## 3.6.2.  ESG INDICATORS

In line  with  our  ESG  Roadmap,  we  are  committed  to strengthening our ESG accountability and report on progress. In addition to the results presented below, this chapter has been audited and is aligned with EU Taxonomy and international frameworks (TCFD, SASB, GRI Standards 1 ).

An  independent  practitioner  performed  procedures  on  a selection  of  sustainability  information  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2022, identified in the tables with an asterisk ( * ), and issued a limited assurance report on it.

Scope  3.13 -  Downstream  leased  assets  (leased  or  subleased in  assets  not  included  in  scope  1  or  2):  scope  1  &amp;  2 emissions  from  one  site  located  in  Houston  that  is  100% subleased and does not contribute to our business operations is accounted  in this category in  2022  (was included in scope 1 &amp; 2 emissions in 2021).

Scope 3.14 - Franchises: Technip Energies has no franchises and  consequently  this  scope  3.14  is  not  applicable  and  nil. Licenses are not considered as franchises and are reported the same way as other engineering services.

Scope  3.15 -  Investments:  For  Technip  Energies,  this  scope includes the annual GHG emissions of Technip Energies' legal entities with equity share under 15%. Number, size and share of these entities are very limited and considered as negligible compared to the other scopes.

The sustainability  report  encompasses the same entities as the consolidated financial statement, which can be found in Annual Report Note 31. Companies included in the scope of the  consolidated  financial  statements  Exceptions  or  further information  on  the  reported  ESG  indicators  are  provided  in section 3.6.1. Definitions and Methodologies, as well as notes on  tables  in  the  sections  3.6.2.1.  Environmental  indicators, 3.6.2.2. Social indicators, and 3.6.2.3. Governance indicators .

(1) TCFD:  Task  force  on  Climate  Related  Financial  Disclosure,  SASB:  Sustainability  Accounting  Standards  Boards,  GRI  Standards:  GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards.

Our sustainability performance is presented in the following tables:

## 3.6.2.1. Environmental indicators

| GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS - EQUITY SHARE APPROACH  (1)  Scope 1 (direct)*  tonnes CO2 eq  2,468  2,824  2,129  ■Offices  tonnes CO2 eq  1,637  2,142  1,596  ■Industrial sites  tonnes CO2 eq  664  682  533  ■Data centers  tonnes CO2 eq  167  --  --  Scope 2 - Location based (indirect)*  tonnes CO2 eq  15,711  16,014  16,409  ■Offices  tonnes CO2 eq  13,813  14,969  15,061  ■Industrial sites  tonnes CO2 eq  1,517  1,045  1,348  ■Data centers  tonnes CO2 eq  380  --  --  Total scope 1 (direct) &amp; scope 2 (indirect)*  tonnes CO2 eq  18,179  18,838  18,538  Absolute scope 1 &amp; 2 reduction versus base year (2019  with 20,460 tCO2 eq)  %  -11.1%  -7.9%  -9.4%  Scope 3 (indirect) - Upstream*  tonnes CO2 eq  1,842,969  1,478,309  1.  Purchased goods and services  tonnes CO2 eq  1,335,422  1,051,671  --  2.  Capital goods  tonnes CO2 eq  10,313  11,922  --  3.  Fuel-and energy-related activities (not included in  scope 1 and scope 2)  tonnes CO2 eq  976  1,064  --  4.  Upstream transportation and distribution  tonnes CO2 eq  376,572  329,737  --  5.  Waste generated in operations  tonnes CO2 eq  85,299  69,848  --  6.  Business travel  tonnes CO2 eq  26,315  5,399  --  7.  Employee commuting  tonnes CO2 eq  8,072  8,668  --  8.  Upstream leased assets (not included in scope 1 or 2)  tonnes CO2 eq  0  0  --  Scope 3 (indirect) - Downstream*  tonnes CO2 eq  In progress  In progress  --  9.  Downstream transportation and distribution  tonnes CO2 eq  1,081  Not assessed  --  10.  Processing of sold products  tonnes CO2 eq  Not applicable  Not applicable  --  11.  Use of sold products (our clients' plants operation)  tonnes CO2 eq  In progress  --  --  12.  End-of-life treatment of sold products  (our clients' plants)  tonnes CO2 eq  In progress  --  --  13.  Downstream leased assets (leased or sub-leased  assets not included in scope 1 or 2)  tonnes CO2 eq  605  0  --  14.  Franchises  tonnes CO2 eq  Not applicable  Not applicable  --  15.  Investments (legal entities with equity share under  15%)  tonnes CO2 eq  0  0  --  Avoided GHG emissions*  tonnes CO2 eq  -7,325,458  -1,798,038  --  Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) projects only  tonnes CO2 eq  -7,325,458  -1,798,038  --  Other types of projects  tonnes CO2 eq  In progress  --  --  Indicator  Unit  2022  2021  2020   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| R&amp;D*  R&amp;D budget allocation to energy transition  %  83  56  --  ENERGY  Energy within Technip Energies (offices and industrial sites)*  Energy consumption  MWh  55,288  57,373  51,688  ■Renewable  %  38  --  --  ■Non-renewable  %  62  --  --  Energy consumption per activity  ■Offices  MWh  45,525  49,622  44,118  ■Industrial sites  MWh  7,798  7,751  7,570  ■Data Centers  MWh  1,965  --  --  Energy consumption per type  ■Fuel (excluding feedstock)  MWh  7,143  --  --  ■Purchased or acquired electricity  MWh  41,443  --  --  •  Renewable  MWh  20,400  --  --  •  Non-renewable  MWh  21,043  --  --  ■Purchased cooling  MWh  4,086  --  --  ■Purchased heating  MWh  2,219  --  --  ■Self-generated renewable energy  MWh  397  --  --  Fuel consumption per type  ■Diesel  MWh  374  --  --  ■Gasoline  MWh  In progress  --  --  ■Liquid Petroleum Gas (LPG)  MWh  In progress  --  --  ■Natural Gas  MWh  6,768  --  --  ■Biofuel  MWh  1.3  --  --  Energy outside the organization*  ■Energy consumption on construction sites and yards  MWh  2,259,685  592,294  286,629  Energy management  Data centers certified ISO 50001  %  41.6  --  --  WATER*  Water withdrawal  m 3  2,337,469  1,983,789  882,949  Water withdrawal per activity  ■Offices  m 3  182,588  173,677  121,331  ■Industrial sites  m 3  22,089  15,316  17,490  ■Construction sites and yards  m 3  2,132,791  1,794,796  744,128  Water withdrawal by source  ■Percentage from recycled or reused sources  (2)  %  18.8  21.3  6.2  ■Percentage from water supply or other water utilities  (municipal water)  %  62.4  --  --  ■Percentage from other sources (surface water, ground  water, seawater)  %  18.8  --  --  Indicator  Unit  2022  2021  2020   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| WASTEWATER  Wastewater generated  m 3  1,873,921  1,199,769  846,780  Wastewater generated per activity  ■Offices  m 3  128,023  128,575  100,350  ■Industrial sites  m 3  9,217  6,888  5,479  ■Construction sites and yards  m 3  1,736,680  1,064,306  740,951  Wastewater generated by destination  ■Percentage discharged into the environment after  quality control  %  38.2  26.8  33.8  ■Percentage sent to external wastewater treatment plant %  34.7  47.5  39.6  ■Percentage recycled or reused internally  %  21.6  25.6  19  WASTE*  Waste generated  tonnes  221,524  65,513  299,963  Waste generated by activity  ■Offices  tonnes  791  1,406  585  ■Industrial sites  tonnes  737  624  786  ■Construction sites and yards  tonnes  219,994  63,483  298,592  Waste generated by type  ■Percentage of hazardous waste  (3)  %  1.4  3.4  0.12  ■Percentage of non-hazardous waste  (4)  %  98.6  96.6  99.88  Waste generated by destination  ■Percentage of waste diverted from disposal  (reuse, recycling, recovery and composting)  %  87.2  76.0  96.2  ■Percentage of waste directed to disposal (sent to  landfill or mass burn incineration)  %  12.8  23.5  3.7  ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT  Number of main operating centers certified ISO 14001*  number  25  21  --  Number of operating center eligible to ISO 14001  certification*  number  31  33  --  Percentage of main operating centers certified ISO 14001*  %  81  64  --  Percentage of projects and assets with an ENVID  completed  %  80  67  60  Environmental incidents per significance  ■Adverse impact (significant incident)  (5)  number  13  2  0  ■Limited impact (significant incident)  (6)  number  37  6  2  ■Spill of non-significant incidents (negligible)  (7)  number  15  --  --  Environmental incidents per substance  ■Spill of hazardous liquid (oil, diesel)  number  64  2  0  ■Spill of waste (concrete)  number  1  6  2  Volume of significant spills  (8)  m 3  2.52  --  --  Number of incidents of non-compliance with  environmental permits, standards, and regulations  number  0  --  --  Indicator  Unit  2022  2021  2020   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| AIR EMISSIONS  (9)  Nitrogen Oxides (NOx)  tonnes  10,902  7,323  4,864  Sulphur Oxides (SOx)  tonnes  826  597  393  BIODIVERSITY  Number of sites located in protected areas IUCN Cat.Ia/Ib  number  0  --  --  Number of top priority sites (i.e. located in sensitive areas)  number  5  --  --  Percentage of top priority sites with systematic action  plans  %  20  --  --  Indicator  Unit  2022  2021  2020   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(*)   An independent practitioner performed procedures on a selection of sustainability information for the year ended December 31, 2022, identified in the table with an asterisk (*), and issued a limited assurance report on it.

(1) Refer to the methodology detailed in the GHG Protocol - A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard - Revised Edition March 2004.

(2) Wastewater from another organization, wastewater treated and reused internally, and rainwater collected and stored for reuse.

- (3) Hazardous waste: contaminated soil, medical waste, photocopier/printer toner, electrical equipment, batteries, waste paints, solvents and other hazardous waste.
- (4) Non-hazardous waste: concrete, food waste, glass, mixed domestic waste, soil, rock, dredging material, paper, cardboard, plastic, scrap metal, wood and other non-hazardous waste.
- (5) Adverse Impact: Short-term (3 months) non-persistent change or pollution with reversible effects on the environment.
- (6) Limited Impact: Non-persistent change or pollution with reversible effects on the environment and short duration (less than 1 week).
- (7) Minor non-persistent change or pollution with short duration (less than 1 day) and reversible effects on the environmental domain.
- (8) In  2022,  87%  of  the  spills  impacted  the  soil,  surface  and/or  undergrounds  and  7%  impacted  the  seawater  (the  remaining  6%  is  unknown). Regarding the substances released, 64% of the spills are related to lubricant oil, 10% to diesel and the remaining 26% to firewater, sewage or waste.
- (9) Scope of air emissions reporting includes construction sites and yards located in Bahrain, China, Egypt, Mozambique, Qatar, Russia and Singapore.

## 3.6.2.2. Social indicators

| SAFETY  (1)  Number of Lost Time Injuries (LTI)*  number  30  25  7  Lost Time Injuries Rate (LTIR)*  ratio per  200,000 hours  worked  0.02  0.02  0.01  Lost Time Injuries Rate (LTIR)*  ratio per 1  million hours  worked  0.10  0.10  0.05  Number of Total Recordable Incidents (TRI)*  number  116  94  23  Total Recordable Incidents Rate (TRIR)*  ratio per  200,000 hours  worked  0.09  0.08  0.04  Total Recordable Incidents Rate (TRIR)*  ratio per 1  million hours  worked  0.45  0.40  0.20  Number of fatalities*  number  2  3  1  Serious Incident and Fatality Rate (SIFR)*  ratio per  200,000 hours  worked  0.02  0.01  0.03  Serious Incident and Fatality Rate (SIFR)*  ratio per 1  million hours  worked  0.10  0.05  0.15  Number of worked man-hours  hours  252,061,945  228,248,194  126,340,251  Number of lost workdays  days  985  1,197  493  Number of HSE leadership visits  (2)  number  515  382  385  Number of Risk Reduction Projects  (3)  number  109  167  40  SIF Control Index  (4)  ratio  3.31  3.67  3.60  Number of eligible construction sites with BBS program*  (5)  number  17  --  --  Percentage of eligible construction sites with BBS  program*  %  100  --  --  Number of main operating centers certified ISO 45001*  number  23  --  --  Number of operating center eligible to ISO 45001  certification*  number  31  --  --  Percentage of main operating centers certified ISO 45001*  %  74  --  --  Indicator  Unit  2022  2021  2020   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| QUALITY  Customer Satisfaction Survey (CSS) rating  ratio  8.7/10  8.6/10  8.8/10  Number of Customer Satisfaction Survey (CSS)  number  205  209  242  Number of main operating centers certified ISO 9001  number  39  --  --  Number of operating center eligible to ISO 9001  certification  number  39  --  --  Percentage of main operating centers certified ISO 9001  %  100  --  --  EMPLOYMENT  Total number of permanent and temporary employees  (including apprentices and excluding trainees)*  number  14,515  15,586  14,657  ■In the Netherlands  number  302  344  --  •  Corporate  number  3  8  --  •  Operating Centers  number  299  336  --  •  Other centers supporting operations  number  0  0  --  ■Outside the Netherlands  number  14,213  14,677  --  •  Corporate  number  956  746  --  •  Operating Centers  number  12,228  10,919  --  •  Other centers supporting operations  number  1,029  3,010  --  Breakdown of payroll workforce by geographical areas  ■Americas  number  1,509  1,343  1,504  •  Permanent  number  1,423  1,309  --  •  Temporary  number  86  34  --  ■Asia-Pacific  number  1,712  2,228  2,320  •  Permanent  number  1,435  1,354  --  •  Temporary  number  277  874  --  ■Europe, including Russia  number  6,287  7,186  6,487  •  Permanent  number  5,923  5,926  --  •  Temporary  number  364  1,260  --  ■India  number  3,060  2,770  2,640  •  Permanent  number  2,571  2,429  --  •  Temporary  number  489  341  --  ■Middle East/Africa  number  1,947  2,059  1,706  •  Permanent  number  1,287  1,094  --  •  Temporary  number  660  965  --  Breakdown of payroll workforce by country (the most significant countries)  ■France  %  22.4  --  --  ■India  %  21.1  --  --  ■Italy  %  10.1  --  --  ■USA  %  6.4  --  --  ■UAE  %  4.0  --  --  ■Malaysia  %  5.1  --  --  ■Spain  %  4.8  --  --  ■United Kingdom  %  2.4  --  --  ■The Netherlands  %  2.1  --  --  ■Colombia  %  3.3  --  --  Breakdown of payroll workforce by type of contract  ■Permanent contract  %  87.1  77.7  --  ■Temporary contract  %  12.9  23.3  --  Indicator  Unit  2022  2021  2020   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Breakdown of payroll workforce for permanent contract by seniority  ■≤ 5 years  %  45.4  40.7  --  ■6-10 years  %  14.6  22.0  --  ■11-15 years  %  16.0  18.2  --  ■≥ 16 years  %  24.1  19.1  --  Total number of new hires in the payroll  number  2,390  2,938  --  ■Women  %  24  19  --  ■Men  %  76  81  --  Pay ratio  (6)  ratio  46  71  --  Percentage of payroll workforce of our 10 main countries  covered by collective bargaining agreements  %  46  --  --  ■France  %  100  --  --  ■Italy  %  100  --  --  ■Spain  %  100  --  --  PEOPLE DEVELOPMENT  Total hours of learning hours of permanent employees*  hours  123,242  102,445  --  Average hours of training per year per permanent  employee  hours per  employee  10  8.5  --  Total hours learning for Legal and Compliance  hours  6,955  5,293  --  Total hours learning for Diversity and Inclusion  hours  1,402  (7)  16,373  --  Percentage or employees who completed the ESG e-  learning*  %  92.6  --  --  Percentage of employees who completed the Code of  Business Conduct e-learning*  %  92  94  --  DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION  Percentage of women on total payroll workforce*  %  28.1  27  27  Percentage of men on total payroll workforce*  %  71.9  73  73  Percentage of women with permanent contract  %  29.7  29  --  Percentage of men with permanent contract  %  70.3  71  --  Percentage of women into graduate intake*  %  51.7  50  --  Percentage of men into graduate intake*  %  48.3  50  --  Percentage of women in leadership positions (band 15 and  above in our grading system)*  %  18.1  12  --  Percentage of men in leadership positions (band 15 and  above in our grading system)*  %  81.9  88  --  Percentage of women in managerial roles  (8)  %  26  26  --  Percentage of men in managerial roles  (8)  %  74  74  --  Breakdown of payroll workforce by age  ■≤ 30 years  %  12.2  10.8  --  ■31-40 years  %  29.9  32.6  --  ■41-50 years  %  33.3  32.8  --  ■≥ 51 years  %  24.5  23.8  --  Number of nationalities represented in the payroll  workforce  number  108  108  104  Indicator  Unit  2022  2021  2020   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| COMMUNITIES  Number of local community initiatives*  number  137 (incl. 25  STEM)  159 (incl. 34  STEM)  121 (incl. 33  STEM)  Number of people acting as volunteers*  number  2,770  2,371  6,874  Number of volunteering hours*  number  21,661  14,360  15,238  Number of countries where we had local initiatives  number  17 (incl. 7  STEM)  19 (incl. 10  STEM)  21 (incl. 9  STEM)  List of countries  --  Australia,  Azerbaijan,  Colombia,  Egypt, France,  India, Italy,  Malaysia,  Mozambique,  Qatar, Senegal,  Singapore,  Thailand,  Ukraine, United  Arab Emirates,  United  Kingdom, USA  Australia,  Bahrain, China,  Colombia,  Egypt, France,  India, Italy,  Kuwait,  Malaysia,  Mozambique,  Russia,  Singapore,  Spain,  Thailand, the  United Arab  Emirates,  United  Kingdom, the  USA, Vietnam  --  Number of people from the community who benefited  from the initiatives  number  424,451  112,436  --  Indicator  Unit  2022  2021  2020   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(*)  An independent practitioner performed procedures on a selection of sustainability information for the year ended December 31, 2022, identified in the table with an asterisk (*), and issued a limited assurance report on it.

(1) All safety indicators are related to employees and contractor staff.

(2) Leadership  visits  refer  to  Technip  Energies  Executive  Team,  Chief  Officers,  Senior  Vice-Presidents,  Vice-Presidents,  Directors,  and  Leaders  who directly report to, or who are nominated and approved by the above group.

(3) Risk Reduction Projects: Mitigation measures identified, designed, implemented and shared in order to eliminate an identified hazard or reduce its risk. Risk prevention projects are tracked through the 'Hazard Observation' module in our internal HSE reporting system.

(4) SIF Control Index: Average of the highest implemented corrective action level for each Serious Incident and Fatality (SIF) Incidents. Level refers to the HSE Hierarchy of Controls.

(5) Eligible construction sites with BBS program: HSE accountable projects with EPC activities and having a peak manpower above 500 workers that implemented a behavior-based safety (BBS) program.

(6) Calculated by dividing the total remuneration cost of the CEO by the average Technip Energies employee payroll cost.

(7) In 2021, the Diversity &amp; Inclusion training was mandatory for all employees and completed by 94% of them. From 2022, the Global Inclusion Course became part of our standard global onboarding for new lines. Other D&amp;I training sessions became optional for all employees according to the needs.

(8) All managers with at least one direct report.

## 3.6.2.3. Governance indicators

| Indicator  Unit  2022  2021  2020  DIVERSITY OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  (1)  Number of women on the Board of Directors*  number  3  3  --  Number of men on the Board of Directors*  number  7  7  Percentage of women on the Board of  Directors*  %  30  30  Percentage of men on the Board of Directors*  %  70  70  --  BUSINESS ETHICS  Number of employees at risk functions and  gatekeepers*  number  534  --  --  Number of employees at risk functions and  gatekeepers that have received training on anti-  corruption and anti-bribery*  number  494  --  --  Percentage of employees at risk functions and  gatekeepers that have received training on anti-  corruption and anti-bribery*  %  92.5  75  --  Number of non-mandatory commercial  intermediaries*  number  13  15  --  Percentage of reduction of non-mandatory  commercial intermediaries*  %  13  0  --  SUPPLY CHAIN  Progress in integrating ESG criteria into supplier  and subcontractor qualification  %  60  0  '--  Human Rights Due Diligence undertaken on  eligible projects  %  In progress  0  --   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(*)   An independent practitioner performed procedures on a selection of sustainability information for the year ended December 31, 2022, identified in the table with an asterisk (*), and issued a limited assurance report on it.

(1) Refer also to section 5.4.2. Diversity Policy.

<!-- image -->

## 3.6.3.  EU GREEN TAXONOMY

Our ESG roadmap has been published in March 2022 and is deployed  in  a  context  where  national  governments  and international bodies are implementing new policies to address  the  effects  of  a  rapidly  changing  environment.  The Taxonomy Regulation (the ' EU Taxonomy ') is a key component  of  the  European  Commission's  action  plan  to redirect capital flows towards a more sustainable economy. It consists in a classification system that establishes a list of environmentally  sustainable  economic  activities.  The  aim  of the  EU  Taxonomy  is  to  provide  companies,  investors  and policymakers  with  clear  definitions  of  economic  activities which can be considered as environmentally sustainable. This provides  clarity  and  security  for  investors,  helps  companies to become more climate-friendly, mitigates market fragmentation and helps to shift investments where they are most needed.

The  Taxonomy  Regulation  came  into  force  July  12,  2020.  It sets  out  the  conditions  an  economic  activity  must  meet  to qualify as environmentally sustainable. The regulation establishes six environmental objectives:

- ■ climate change mitigation;
- ■ climate change adaptation;
- ■ the sustainable  use  and  protection  of  water  and  marine resources;
- ■ the transition to a circular economy;
- ■ pollution prevention and control; and
- ■ the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.

The  first  delegated  act  concerning  the  technical  screening criteria  for  economic  activities  with  significant  contribution to  climate  change  mitigation  and  adaptation  (the  'Climate Delegated  Act')  was  published  in  the  EU  Official  Journal  in December 2021. In accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy  Regulation  and  Article  10-(2)  of  the  Article  8 Delegated Act, we set forth in this section the share of our Group's revenue, capital expenditure (' CAPEX ') and operating expenditure (' OPEX ') for the reporting period 2022, which are associated with Taxonomy-eligible economic activities defined  in  the  first  delegated  act  concerning  the  first  two environmental objectives (climate change  mitigation  and climate  change  adaptation)  adopted  on  4  June  2021  (the ' Climate  Delegated  Act ').  The  reporting  requirements  for 2022  are  extended  to  the  disclosure  of  Taxonomy-aligned economic activities,  i.e.  sustainable  activities,  according  the aforementioned Climate Delegated Act.

The  evaluation  of  the  alignment  has  been  performed  by identifying  our  activities  or  CAPEX  covered  by  the  Climate Delegated  Act  and  assessing  their  alignment  to  technical criteria  (substantial  contribution  criteria),  their  compliance with the 'Do No Significant Harm' principle and the minimum safeguards.

## Summary

Based on an exhaustive analysis performed during 2022, and given our position in the value chain, our revenue is Taxonomy-non-eligible because our activities are not covered by  the  Climate  Delegated  Act  to  date  and  therefore,  the capital  and  operating  expenditures  related  to  our  activities are also Taxonomy-non-eligible.

However, the CAPEX to be reported also include those that are related to the purchase of output from Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (such as some real estate activities) and enable us to consider a part of our leasing of buildings, our leasing of passenger cars and our investments related to the replacement  of  energy-efficient  equipment  as  Taxonomyaligned.

Regarding our total OPEX that comply with the EU Taxonomy, they are non-significant in comparison with our total consolidated  operating  expenses  and  we  chose  to  use  the materiality exemption option offered by the regulation.

Consequently, the indicators related to our revenue and our OPEX  are not disclosed, we  only report the following indicator related to our CAPEX:

| Capital  expenditures  (CAPEX)  Proportion of Taxonomy - Eligible  economic activities  (in %)  48%  Proportion of Taxonomy - Aligned  economic activities  (in %)  8%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Our Assessment

## Revenue - Core business activities

As  a  leading  Engineering  and  Technology  company  for  the energy transition, we are contributing to the reduction of the energy industry's environmental footprint by making available to our clients the most efficient technologies and by reducing the  impact  of  the  activities  we  are  conducting.  We  are developing solutions in hydrogen, offshore wind farms, ethylene, sustainable chemistry including biofuels and biochemicals, decarbonization projects including low-carbon hydrogen and carbon capture utilization and storage as well as  carbon-free  energy  (see  section  1.5  Our  Markets  -  from traditional to emerging).

Taking the entire value chain into consideration, we expect to contribute  substantially  to  the  energy  transition  and  GHG emission reductions in other sectors, as disclosed in sections 1.5.1.  Gas  &amp;  Low  Carbon  Energies,  1.5.2.  Sustainable  Fuels, Chemicals and Circularity, and 1.5.3. New energies. We are an enabler  of  technologies  that  aim  to  reduce  GHG  emissions significantly.

Based  on  the  current  application  of  the  eligibility  criteria, wind  power,  bioenergies  (biogas,  biofuels  and  bioliquids), ethylene,  hydrogen and storage of CO2 are broadly listed in Annex  I  to  the  Climate  Delegated  Act,  notably  through  the activities '3.14. Manufacture of organic basic chemicals', '3.2. Manufacture  of  equipment  for  the  production  and  use  of hydrogen', '4.13. Manufacture of biogas and biofuels for use in  transport  and  of  bioliquids',  '4.3.  Electricity  generation from wind power', '5.11. Transport of CO2' and '5.12. Underground  permanent  geological  storage  of  CO2'.  Under these activities, the EU Taxonomy targets the manufacture of products and technologies or the operation of the facilities but not the engineering and construction of the facilities.Therefore,  though  our  activities  are  not  eligible  to the EU Taxonomy, we nevertheless contribute as an engineering and technology company to the energy transition and  enable  our  clients  to  be  more  sustainable.  As  Technip Energies, we do operate upstream in the value chain of Green Taxonomy activities. That does not exclude that in the future, new projects type coming from our customers, would lead to new eligible activities for Technip Energies. In the complementary Climate Delegated Act, the Commission has

## Capital expenditures (CapEx)

The CAPEX  KPI is defined as Taxonomy-eligible  CAPEX (numerator) divided by our total CAPEX (denominator).

Total consolidated CAPEX (denominator) consists of additions to  tangible  and  intangible  fixed  assets  during  the  financial year, before depreciation, amortization and any remeasurements,  including  those  resulting  from  revaluations and impairments, as well as excluding changes in fair value. It includes additions to fixed assets (IAS 16), intangible assets (IAS 38) and right-of-use assets (IFRS 16). Additions resulting from  business  combinations  are  also  included.  Goodwill  is not  included  in  CAPEX  as  it  is  not  defined  as  an  intangible asset in accordance with IAS 38. For further details on our accounting policies regarding our CAPEX, refer to section  8.1.6.  Notes  to  consolidated  financial  statements  of our 2022 Annual Financial Report.

included certain gas activities, notably through the activities '4.29  Electricity  generation  from  fossil  gaseous  fuels',  '4.3 High-efficiency  co-generation  of  heat/cool  and  power  from fossil gaseous fuels' and '4.31 Production of heat/cool from fossil  gaseous  fuels  in  efficient  district  heating  and  cooling system'. Under these activities the EU Taxonomy targets the gas  energy  activities  as  transitional  activities,  subject  to specific conditions which recognize the role gas can play to help some regions in their transition from the most polluting solid  fossil  fuel  energy  sources,  such  as  coal,  to  renewable energy.  Therefore,  even  though  Technip  Energies  provides low-carbon capital expenditure solutions to the gas industry, our revenues are not eligible due to our position in the value chain. The gas-eligible activities are restricted to the construction or operation for electricity generation or production of heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuel.

Therefore,  according  to  the  Climate  Delegated  Act,  we  did not identify any Taxonomy-eligible or Taxonomy-aligned economic  activities  among  those  contributing  to  our  2022 annual consolidated revenue.

Purchase  of  output  from  Taxonomy-eligible  and  Taxonomyaligned economic activities and individual measures enabling certain target activities to become low-carbon or to lead to greenhouse gas reductions can be taken into account (section 1.1.2.2. (c) of Annex I to the Article 8 Delegated Act).

We have  identified  the  following  economic  activities  in  the Climate  Delegated  Act  resulting  in  CAPEX  which  can  be considered as individually Taxonomy-eligible and/or Taxonomy-aligned. These CAPEX concern purchases of output  related  to  taxonomy-eligible  and  aligned  economic activities:

<!-- image -->

Table 1 - CapEx - Proportion of CapEx from products or services associated with Taxonomyaligned economic activities - disclosure covering year 2022

| Substantial contribution criteria  Economic activities  Code(s)  Absolute  CapEx  Proportion  of CapEx  Climate  change  mitigation  Climate  change  adaptation  Water and  marine  ressources  Circular  economy  Pollution  Biodiversity  and  ecosystems  (M€)  (%)  (%)  (%)  (%)  (%)  (%)  (%)  A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE  ACTIVITIES  A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)  6.5 Transport by motorbikes,  passenger cars and commercial  vehicles  6.5  0.3  3.90  100  0  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  7.3 Installation, maintenance  and repair of energy efficiency  equipment  7.3  0.4  4.87  100  0  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  7.4 Installation, maintenance  and repair of charging stations  for electric vehicles in buildings  7.4  0.1  0.83  100  0  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  7.6 Installation, maintenance  and repair of renewable energy  technologies  7.6  0.2  2.74  100  0  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  7.7 Acquisition and ownership of  buildings  7.7  7.8  87.66  100  0  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  CapEx of environmentally  sustainable activities  (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)  8.9  8.22  100  0  A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)  6.5 Transport by motorbikes,  passenger cars and commercial  vehicles  6.5  1.6  3.66  7.7 Acquisition and ownership of  buildings  7.7  12.2  27.85  8.1 Data processing, hosting and  related activities  8.1  26.5  60.64  8.2 Data-driven solutions for  GHG emissions reductions  8.2  0.3  0.72  9.1 Close to market research,  development and innovation  9.1  3.1  7.13  CapEx of Taxonomy-eligible not  but not environmentally  sustainable activities  (not Taxonomy-aligned  activities) (A.2)  43.7  40.26  0  0  Total CapEx of Taxonomy-  eligible activities (A.1 + A.2) (A)  52.6  48.48  100  0  B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES  CapEx of Taxonomy-non-  eligible activities (B)  55.9  51.52  TOTAL (A + B)  108.5  100.00   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Activities listed under A2 may be filled in on a voluntary basis by non-financial undertakings

Non applicable for the 2022 reporting (1 st year of full reporting)

| DNSH Criteria  Taxonomy  aligned  proportion  of CapEx  Year 2022  Climate  change  mitigation  Climate  change  adaptation  Water and  marine  resources  Circular  economy  Pollution  Biodiversity  and  ecosystems  Minimum  safeguards  Taxonomy  aligned  proportion  of CapEx  Year 2021  Category  (enabling  activity)  Category  (transition  al activity)  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  (%)  (%)  E  T  N/A  Y  N/A  Y  Y  N/A  Y  0.32  \_  T  N/A  Y  N/A  N/A  Y  N/A  Y  0.40  E  \_  N/A  Y  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  Y  0.07  E  \_  N/A  Y  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  Y  0.22  E  \_  N/A  Y  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  Y  7.2  \_  \_  8  8   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

In 2022, our Taxonomy-aligned CAPEX mainly comprised the increase in right-of-use related to the annual rent indexation of  our  'Origine'  Headquarters  located  in  Nanterre,  France, representing more than 87% of our Taxonomy-aligned CAPEX. We  have  performed  the  analysis  of  the  alignment  and assessed that our headquarters complies with the technical screening criteria, this alignment has been confirmed by the lessor.

In a lesser extent, our Taxonomy-aligned CAPEX also comprised the increase in right-of-use related to our leasing of passenger cars, our investments in replacement of energyefficient equipment, our installation of charging stations for electric  vehicles  and  our  installation  of  solar  photovoltaic systems (including installation under construction).

Our Taxonomy-eligible (but non-aligned) CAPEX comprised:

- ■ renting  and  leasing  of  vehicles,  including  extensions  of existing lease contracts, independently of their emissions of  CO2  in  relation  with  the  activity  '6.5.  Acquisition  and ownership of buildings' of the Taxonomy regulation;
- ■ acquisitions  of  buildings,  including  extensions  of  existing lease  contracts,  independently  of  their  use  or  energy efficiency in relation with the activity '7.7. Acquisition and ownership of buildings' of the Taxonomy regulation;
- ■ acquisitions of infrastructure for data processing services, hosting, and related activities, including lease contracts in relation with the activity '8.1. Data processing, hosting and related activities' of the Taxonomy regulation;
- ■ acquisitions  of  data-driven  solutions  for  GHG  emissions reductions, including CAPEX under construction in relation with  the  activity  '8.2.  Data-driven  solutions  for  GHG emissions reductions' of the Taxonomy regulation;
- ■ research  and  development  solution  for  the  electricity generation  from  wind  power  in  relation  with  the  activity '9.1. Close to market research, development and innovation' of the Taxonomy regulation.

## Operating expenses (OPEX)

The  EU  Taxonomy  defines  operating  expenses  (OPEX)  as direct  non-capitalized  costs  that  relate  to  research  and development, building renovation measures, short-term leases, maintenance and repair, and any other direct expenditures relating to the day-to-day servicing of assets of property,  plants  and  equipment by the undertaking or third party  to  whom activities  are  outsourced  that  are  necessary to  ensure  the  continued  and  effective  functioning  of  such assets.

Due to our economic activities and our economic model, our operating expenses consist primarily of cost of sales, representing more than 94% of the total consolidated OPEX in 2022 (refer to section 8.1.1. Consolidated statement of income of this 2022 Annual Financial Report).

Consequently, our total operating expenses that comply with the EU Taxonomy (denominator), as detailed above, represents for the 2022 financial year around €90 million and 1.6% of our total  consolidated  operating  expenses.  We, therefore, chose to use the materiality exemption offered by the Regulation, and not to compute this indicator numerator which is considered as being equal to zero.

## 3.6.4.  TCFD CORRESPONDENCE TABLE

Climate  Change  has  been  identified  as  a  material  topic  to Technip Energies' stakeholders during the materiality assessments that took place in 2021. Overall, transformations linked  to  climate  change  are  a  source  of  opportunities  for Technip  Energies,  the  main  risk  being  to  fail  leading  by example  and  thereby  lose  traction  with  clients,  investors, new  talents  and  collaborators  in  the  company.  Concrete climate-related  programs  to  either  grab  opportunities,  or mitigate  risks  are  deployed  in  our  ESG  Scorecard,  aligned with a 1.5 °C trajectory. We present below our main climaterelated disclosures in line with the TCFD recommendations.

| Theme  Recommended Disclosure  Reference in Technip Energies 2022 Annual Report  Governance  a) Describe the board's oversight of climate-  related risks and opportunities.  3.2.1. ESG Governance  5.1.8. 2022 Board of Directors Meetings  5.1.9. 2022 Board Committee Meetings  Governance  b) Describe management's role in assessing and  managing climate-related risks and  opportunities.  3.2.1. ESG Governance  Strategy  a) Describe the climate-related risks and  opportunities the organization has identified  over the short, medium and long term.  3.5.2. ESG Risks and Opportunities  3.1.5. A Focus on CO2 Management  Strategy  b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks  and opportunities on the organization's  businesses, strategy and financial planning.  3.5.2. ESG Risks and Opportunities  Strategy  c) Describe the resilience of the organization's  strategy, taking into consideration different  climate-related scenarios, including a 2 °C or  lower scenario.  3.3.1.1. Decarbonize the future  3.5.2. ESG Risks and Opportunities  Risk Management  a) Describe the organization's processes for  identifying and assessing climate-related risks.  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs  3.5.2. ESG Risks and Opportunities  4.1. Risk Management overview  4.2. Enterprise Risk Management framework  Risk Management  b) Describe the organization's processes for  managing climate-related risks.  3.3.1.1. Decarbonize the future  3.5.2. ESG Risks and Opportunities  4.1. Risk Management overview  4.2. Enterprise Risk Management framework  Risk Management  c) Describe how processes for identifying,  assessing and managing climate-related risks  are integrated into the organization's overall risk  management.  3.5.2. ESG Risks and Opportunities  4.1. Risk Management overview  4.2. Enterprise Risk Management framework  Metrics and  Targets  a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to  assess climate-related risks and opportunities  in line with its strategy and risk management  process.  3.3.1.1. Decarbonize the future  3.5.2. ESG Risks and Opportunities  3.6.2. ESG Indicators  Metrics and  Targets  b) Disclose scope 1, scope 2 and, if appropriate,  scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and  the related risks.  3.3.1.1. Decarbonize the future  3.5.2. ESG Risks and Opportunities  3.6.2. ESG Indicators  Metrics and  Targets  c) Describe the targets used by the organization to  manage climate-related risks and opportunities  and performance against targets.  3.1.2. ESG Roadmap and Scorecard  3.3.1.1. Decarbonize the future   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 3.6.5.  SASB CORRESPONDENCE TABLE

Technip Energies followed the Sustainability Accounting Standard: Engineering and Construction Services version 2018-10 as recommended by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (' SASB ').

| Topic  Accounting metric  Category  Code  Reference  in Technip Energies  2022 Annual Report  Environmental  Impacts of  Project  Development  Number of incidents of non-compliance  with environmental permits, standards,  and regulations  Quantitative  IF-EN-160a.1  Information unavailable  Discussion of processes to assess and  manage environmental risks associated  with project design, siting, and  construction  Discussion  and  Analysis  IF-EN-160a.2  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and  protect biodiversity  Structural  Integrity &amp;  Safety  Amount of defect- and safety-related  rework costs  Quantitative  IF-EN-250a.1  Information unavailable  Total amount of monetary losses as a  result of legal proceedings associated  with defect- and safety-related  incidents  Quantitative  IF-EN-250a.2  Information unavailable  Workforce  Health &amp; Safety  (1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR)  and (2) fatality rate for (a) direct  employees and (b) contract employees  Quantitative  IF-EN-320a.1  See Safety indicators at  section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators  Lifecycle  Impacts of  Buildings &amp;  Infrastructure  Number of (1) commissioned projects  certified to a third-party multi-attribute  sustainability standard and (2) active  projects seeking such certification  Quantitative  IF-EN-410a.1  See ISO certifications indicators  on the sections Environmental  Management, Safety and  Quality at 3.6.2. ESG Indicators  Discussion of process to incorporate  operational-phase energy and water  efficiency considerations into project  planning and design  Discussion  and  Analysis  IF-EN-410a.2  3.3.1.1. Decarbonize the future  3.3.1.2 Enhance circularity and  protect biodiversity  Climate Impacts  of Business Mix  Amount of backlog for (1) hydrocarbon-  related projects and (2) renewable  energy projects  Quantitative  IF-EN-410b.1  Information unavailable  Amount of backlog cancellations  associated with hydrocarbon-related  projects  Quantitative  IF-EN-410b.2  Information unavailable  Amount of backlog for non-energy  projects associated with climate  change mitigation  Quantitative  IF-EN-410b.3  Information unavailable  Business Ethics  (1) Number of active projects and (2)  backlog in countries that have the 20  lowest rankings in Transparency  International's Corruption Perception  Index  Quantitative  IF-EN-510a.1  Information unavailable  Total amount of monetary losses as a  result of legal proceedings associated  with charges of (1) bribery or corruption  and (2) anticompetitive practices  Quantitative  IF-EN-510a.2  Information unavailable  Description of policies and practices for  prevention of (1) bribery and corruption,  and (2) anti-competitive behavior in the  project bidding processes  Discussion  and  Analysis  IF-EN-510a.3  3.3.3.2. Foster Integrity  Activity Metrics  Number of active projects  Quantitative  IF-EN-000.A  Information unavailable  Number of commissioned projects  Quantitative  IF-EN-000.B  Information unavailable  Total backlog  Quantitative  IF-EN-000.C  2.3.2. Consolidated results of  operations   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.6.6.  GRI CONTENT INDEX

<!-- image -->

For the Content Index - Essentials Service, GRI Services reviewed that the GRI content index is clearly presented, in a manner consistent with the Standards, and that the references for disclosures 2-1 to 2-5, 3-1 and 3-2 are aligned with the appropriate sections in the body of the report.

| Statement of use  Technip Energies has reported in accordance with the GRI Standards for the period of  January 1  st  2022 to December 31 st  2022.  GRI 1 used  GRI 1: Foundation 2021  Applicable GRI Sector Standard  GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector 2021   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GRI 2: General disclosures 2021

| 2.1  Organizational details  1. Presentation of Technip Energies - page 6  3.1.1. 2022 Sustainability Highlights and Key Figures - page 81  2.2  Entities included in the  organization's sustainability  reporting  The  sustainability  report  encompasses  the  same  entities  as  the  consolidated  financial  statement,  which  can  be  found  in  Annual  Report Note 31. Companies included in the scope of the consolidated  financial statements (page 308). Exceptions or further information on  the reported ESG indicators are provided in section 3.6.1. Definitions  and  Methodologies  (page  131),  as  well  as  notes  on  tables  in  the  section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators (page 136)  2.3  Reporting period, frequency and  contact point  Reporting period: 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022  Frequency: Annually  Contact: https://www.technipenergies.com/en/contact  2.4  Restatements of information  Technip Energies did not do any restatement in this report.  2.5  External assurance  8.3. Independent Auditor's report - page 339  2.6  Activities, value chain and other  business relationships  3.1.4. Technip Energies Business Model - page 86  2.7  Employees  3.3.2. People - page 106  Social indicators at 3.6.2. ESG Indicators - page 136  2.8  Workers who are not employees  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI and  will report it in the coming years.  2.9  Governance structure and  composition  3.2.1. ESG Governance - page 91  5.1. The Technip Energies Board - page 186  2.10  Nomination and selection of the  highest governance body  5.1. The Technip Energies Board - page 186  2.11  Chair of the highest governance  body  5.1. The Technip Energies Board - page 186  2.12  Role of the highest governance  body in overseeing the  management of impacts  3.2.1. ESG Governance - page 91  5.1. The Technip Energies Board - page 186  2.13  Delegation of responsibility for  managing impacts  3.2.1. ESG Governance - page 91  5.1.8. 2022 Board of Directors Meetings - page 198  5.1.9. 2022 Board Committee Meetings - page 201  2.14  Role of the highest governance  body in sustainability reporting  3.2.1. ESG Governance - page 91  5.1.8. 2022 Board of Directors Meetings - page 198  5.1.9. 2022 Board Committee Meetings - page 201  2.15  Conflicts of interest  5.1.7.3. Conflicts of interest - page 196  2.16  Communication of critical  concerns  5.1. The Technip Energies Board - page 186  2.17  Collective knowledge of the  highest governance body  5.1.4. Board skills and experience matrix - page 193  GRI Standard  Reference  Disclosure  Reference in Technip Energies 2022 Annual Report   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| 2.18  Evaluation of the performance of  the highest governance body  5.1. The Technip Energies Board - page 186  2.19  Remuneration policies  6. Remuneration report - page 216  2.20  Process to determine remuneration  6. Remuneration report - page 216  2.21  Annual total compensation ratio  6. Remuneration report - page 216  2.22  Statement on sustainable  development strategy  Message from the Chairman - page 2  Message from the Chief Executive Officer - page 4  2.23  Policy commitments  3.2.2. ESG Policies and Certifications -page 92  2.24  Embedding policy commitments  3.2.2. ESG Policies and Certifications -page 92  2.25  Processes to remediate negative  impacts  3.3.3.2. Foster Integrity - page 116  2.26  Mechanisms for seeking advice and  raising concerns  3.3.3.2. Foster Integrity - page 116  2.27  Compliance with laws and  regulations  3.4.3.2. Foster Integrity - page 116  2.28  Membership associations  2.1.4. Technology &amp; Innovation - page 44  3.1.3. ESG Commitments and Ratings - page 84  2.29  Approach to stakeholder  engagement  3.2.3. Stakeholder Engagement -page 94  2.30  Collective bargaining agreements  3.3.2.3.  Advance an inclusive culture - page 111  ## GRI Standard  Reference  Disclosure  Reference in Technip Energies 2022 Annual Report   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GRI 3: Material topics 2021

| ## GRI Standard  Reference  Disclosure  ## Reference in Technip Energies 2022 Annual Report  3.1  Process to determine material  topics  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - page 121  3.2  List of material topics  3.4.2. Materiality Matrix - page 121  3.3  Management of material topics  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - page 121  GRI 11 Content Index at 3.6.6. GRI Content Index - page 153  Note :  Information  unavailable  for  the  material  topics  (13)  Safety  &amp;  quality of our solutions, (14) Integration of ecofriendly design in our  solutions,  (17)  Innovative  solutions,  cutting-edge  technologies  &amp;  digitalization,  (18)  Corporate  governance  &amp;  transparency,  (19)  Dissemination of an ESG culture and (22) Integration of ESG criteria  in the corporate decisions. These topics are not related to GRI 11 Oil  and Gas Sector 2021. Technip Energies will perform a new materiality  assessment in the coming years.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GRI 11: Oil and gas sector 2021

| 11.1 GHG emissions  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (3) Climate change  mitigation &amp; adaptation - page 121  11.1.1  GRI 3:  Material Topics  2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.1.1. Decarbonize the future - page 99  11.1.2  GRI 302:  Energy 2016  Disclosure 302-1 Energy  consumption within the  organization  Energy indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators - page 136  11.1.3  Disclosure 302-2 Energy  consumption outside of  the organization  Energy indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators - page 136  11.1.4  Disclosure 302-3 Energy  intensity  Energy indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators - page 136  Sector  standard  Disclosure  Reference in Technip Energies 2022 Annual Report   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| 11.1.5  GRI 305:  Emissions 2016  Disclosure 305-1 Direct  (Scope 1) GHG emissions  GHG emissions indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators -  page 136  11.1.6  Disclosure 305-2 Energy  indirect (Scope 2) GHG  emissions  GHG emissions indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators -  page 136  11.1.7  Disclosure 305-3 Other  indirect (Scope 3) GHG  emissions  GHG emissions indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators -  page 136  11.1.8  Disclosure 305-4 GHG  emissions intensity  GHG emissions indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators -  page 136  11.2 Climate adaptation, resilience, and transition  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (3) Climate change  mitigation &amp; adaptation (15) Low to zero-carbon technologies &amp;  solutions (16) Responsible &amp; sustainable supply chain and (17)  Innovative solutions cutting-edge technologies &amp; digitalization -  page 121  11.2.1  GRI 3:  Material Topics  2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.1.1. Decarbonize the future - page 99  11.2.2  GRI 201:  Economic  Performance  2016  Disclosure 201-2 Financial  implications and other  risks and opportunities  due to climate change  3.5. ESG Risks and Opportunities - page 125  11.2.3  GRI 305:  Emissions 2016  Disclosure 305-5  Reduction of GHG  emissions  3.3.1.1. Decarbonize the future - page 99  11.2.4  Additional  Sector  Disclosure  Describe the  organization's approach  to public policy  development and  lobbying on climate  change  3.2.3. Stakeholder Engagement -page 94  11.3 Air Emissions  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (1) Impact of our own  facilities on their direct environment and (2) Environmental  footprint of projects - page 121  11.3.1  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  11.3.2  GRI 305:  Emissions 2016  Disclosure 305-7 Nitrogen  oxides(NOx), Sulfur  oxides (SOx), and other  significant air emissions  Air emissions indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators -  page 136  11.3.3  GRI 416:  Customer  Health and  Safety 2016  Disclosure 416-1  Assessment of the health  and safety impacts of  product and service  categories  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.4 Biodiversity  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (5) Protection of  biodiversity - page 121  11.4.1  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.1.2.  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  Sector  standard  Disclosure  Reference in Technip Energies 2022 Annual Report   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| 11.4.2  GR 304:  Biodiversity 2016  Disclosure 304-1  Operational sites owned,  leased, management in,  or adjacent to, protected  areas and areas of high  biodiversity value outside  protected areas  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  11.4.3  Disclosure 304-2  Significant impacts of  activities, products, and  services on biodiversity  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  3.5. ESG Risks and Opportunities  11.4.4  Disclosure 304-3 Habitats  protected or restored  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.4.5  Disclosure 304-4 IUCN  Red List species and  national conservation list  species with habitat in  areas affected by  operations  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.5 Waste  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (1) Impact of our own  facilities on their direct environment and (2) Environmental  footprint of projects - page 121  11.5.1  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  11.5.2  GRI 306: Waste  2020  Disclosure 306-1 Waste  generation and significant  waste-related impacts  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  3.5. ESG Risks and Opportunities - page 125  11.5.3  Disclosure 306-2  Management of  significant waste-related  impacts  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  3.5. ESG Risks and Opportunities - page 125  11.5.4  Disclosure 306-3 Waste  generated  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  Waste indicators in the section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators - page 136  11.5.5  Disclosure 306-4 Waste  diverted from disposal  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  Waste indicators in the section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators - page 136  11.5.6  Disclosure 306-5 Waste  directed from disposal  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  Waste indicators in the section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators - page 136  11.6 Water and effluents  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (1) Impact of our own  facilities on their direct environment and (2) Environmental  footprint of projects (4) Sustainable use of resources - page 121  11.6.1  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  11.6.2  GRI 303: Water  and Effluents  2018  Disclosure 303-1  Interactions with water  as a shared resource  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  11.6.3  Disclosure 303-2  Management of water  discharge-related  impacts  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  11.6.4  Disclosure 303-3 Water  withdrawal  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  Water &amp; wastewater indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG  Indicators - page 136  11.6.5  Disclosure 303-4 Water  discharge  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  Water &amp; wastewater indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG  Indicators - page 136  11.6.6  Disclosure 303-5 Water  Consumption  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  Water &amp; wastewater indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG  Indicators - page 136  Sector  standard  Disclosure  Reference in Technip Energies 2022 Annual Report   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 11.7 Closure and rehabilitation  During the materiality assessment, this topic was not identified  as material based on the importance to our stakeholders and  the impact of our business.  11.8 Asset integrity and critical incident management  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (1) Impact of our own  facilities on their direct environment and (2) Environmental  footprint of projects - page 121  11.8.1  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  11.8.2  GRI 306:  Effluents and  Waste 2016  Disclosure 306-3  Significant spills  3.3.1.2  Enhance circularity and protect biodiversity - page 102  Environmental management indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG  Indicators - page 136  11.9 Occupational health and safety  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (6) Safety &amp; security of  teams - - page 121  11.9.1  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.2.1.  Safeguard people and reinforce well-being - page 106  11.9.2  GRI 403:  Occupational  Health and  Safety 2018  Disclosure 403-1  Occupational health and  safety management  system  3.3.2.1.  Safeguard people and reinforce well-being - page 106  11.9.3  Disclosure 403-2 Hazard  identification, risk  assessment, and incident  investigation  3.3.2.1.  Safeguard people and reinforce well-being - page 106  11.9.4  Disclosure 403-3  Occupational health  services  3.3.2.1.  Safeguard people and reinforce well-being - page 106  11.9.5  Disclosure 403-4 Worker  participation,  consultation, and  communication on  occupational health and  safety  3.3.2.1.  Safeguard people and reinforce well-being - page 106  11.9.6  Disclosure 403-5 Worker  training on occupational  health and safety  3.3.2.1.  Safeguard people and reinforce well-being - page 106  People development indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG  Indicators - page 136  11.9.7  Disclosure 403-6  Promotion of worker  health  3.3.2.1.  Safeguard people and reinforce well-being - page 106  11.9.8  Disclosure 403-7  Prevention and mitigation  of occupational health  and safety impacts  directly linked by  business relationships  3.3.2.1.  Safeguard people and reinforce well-being - page 106  11.9.9  Disclosure 403-8 Workers  covered by an  occupational health and  safety management  system  3.3.2.1.  Safeguard people and reinforce well-being - page 106  Safety indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators - page 136  11.9.10  Disclosure 403-9 Work-  related injuries  3.3.2.1.  Safeguard people and reinforce well-being - page 106  Safety indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators - page 136  11.9.11  Disclosure 403-10 Work-  related ill health  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  Sector  standard  Disclosure  Reference in Technip Energies 2022 Annual Report   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| 11.10 Employment practices  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (8) Employee engagement  &amp; social dialogue, (9) Employee well-being &amp; health, and (10)  Skills development &amp; talent management - page 121  11.10.1  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.2. People - page 106  11.10.2  GRI 401:  Employment  2016  Disclosure 401-1 New  employee hires and  employee turnover  Employment indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators -  page 136  11.10.3  Disclosure 401-2 Benefits  provided to full-time  employees that are not  provided to temporary or  part-time employees  3.3.2.2.  Attract and grow talents - page 109  11.10.4  Disclosure 401-3 Parental  leave  Employment indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators -  page 136  11.10.5  GRI 402:  Labor/  Management  Relations 2016  Disclosure 402-1  Minimum notice periods  regarding operational  changes  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.10.6  GRI 404:  Training  and Education  2016  Disclosure 404-1 Average  hours of training per year  per employee  People Development indicators  in the section 3.6.2. ESG  Indicators - page 136  11.10.7  Disclosure 404-2  Programs for upgrading  employee skills and  transition assistance  programs  3.3.2.1.  Attract and grow talents - page 109  11.10.8  GRI 414:  Supplier  Social  Assessment  2016  Disclosure 414-1 New  suppliers that were  screened using social  criteria  3.3.3.3.  Partner towards a sustainable supply chain - page 118  11.10.9  Disclosure 414-2 Negative  social impacts in the  supply chain and actions  taken  3.3.3.3.  Partner towards a sustainable supply chain - page 118  11.11 Non-discrimination and equal opportunity  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (11) Diversity &amp; equal  opportunities - page 121  11.11.1  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.2.3. Advance an inclusive culture - page 111  11.11.2  GRI 202: Market  Presence 2016  Disclosure 202-2  Proportion of senior  management hired from  the local community  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.11.3  GRI 401:  Employment  2016  Disclosure 401-3 Parental  leave  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.11.4  GRI 404:  Training  and Education  2016  Disclosure 404-1 Average  hours of training per year  per employee  People Development indicators in the section 3.6.2. ESG  Indicators - page 136  11.11.5  GRI 405:  Diversity  and Equal  Opportunity  2016  Disclosure 405-1 Diversity  of governance bodies and  employees  3.3.2.3. Advance an inclusive culture - page 111  5.4.2. Diversity Policy - page 212  11.11.6  Disclosure 405-2 Ratio of  basic salary and  remuneration  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.11.7  GRI 406: Non-  discrimination  2016  Disclosure 406-1  Incidents of  discrimination and  corrective actions taken  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  Sector  standard  Disclosure  Reference in Technip Energies 2022 Annual Report   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 11.12 Forced labor and modern slavery  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (7) Human Rights - page  121  11.12.1  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.3.3.  Partner towards a sustainable supply chain - page 118  11.12.2  GRI 409: Forced  or Compulsory  Labor 2016  Disclosure 409-1  Operations and suppliers  at significant risk for  incidents of forced or  compulsory labor  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.12.3  GRI 414:  Supplier  Social  Assessment  2016  Disclosure 414-1 New  suppliers that were  screened using social  criteria  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.13 Freedom of association and collective bargaining  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (7) Human Rights - page  121  11.13.1  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.3.2.  Foster Integrity - page 116  3.3.3.3.  Partner towards a sustainable supply chain - page 118  3.3.2.3.  Advance an inclusive culture - page 111  11.13.2  GRI 407:  Freedom of  Association and  Collective  Bargaining 2016  Disclosure 407-1  Operations and suppliers  in which the right to  freedom of association  and collective bargaining  may be at risk  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.14 Economic impacts  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (15) Communities  Engagement and (16) Responsible &amp; sustainable supply chain -  page 121  11.14.1  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.14.2  GRI 201:  Economic  Performance  2016  Disclosure 201-1 Direct  economic value  generated and distributed  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.14.3  GRI 202: Market  Presence 2016  Disclosure 202-2  Proportion of senior  management hired from  the local community  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.14.4  GRI 203: Indirect  Economic  Impacts 2016  Disclosure 203-1  Infrastructure  investments and services  supported  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.14.5  Disclosure 203-2  Significant indirect  economic impacts  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.14.6  GRI 204:  Procurement  Practices 2016  Disclosure 204-1  Proportion of spending on  local suppliers  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.15 Local communities  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (12) Communities  engagement (20) Stakeholder relationships &amp; dialogue - page 121  11.15.1  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.2.4.  Contribute to local development - page 113  Sector  standard  Disclosure  Reference in Technip Energies 2022 Annual Report   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| 11.15.2  GRI 413: Local  Communities  2016  Disclosure 413-1  Operations with local  community engagement,  impact assessments, and  development programs  3.3.2.4. Contribute to local development  - page 113  11.15.3  Disclosure 413-2  Operations with  significant actual and  potential negative  impacts on local  communities  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.15.4  Additional  Sector  Disclosures  Report the number and  type of grievances from  local communities  identified, including:  a) percentage of the  grievances that were  addressed and  resolved;  b) percentage of the  grievances that were  resolved through  remediation.  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.16 Land and resource rights  During the materiality assessment, this topic was not identified  as material based on the importance to our stakeholders and  the impact of our business.  11.17 Rights of indigenous peoples  During the materiality assessment, this topic was not identified  as material based on the importance to our stakeholders and  the impact of our business.  11.18 Conflict and security  During the materiality assessment, this topic was not identified  as material based on the importance to our stakeholders and  the impact of our business.  11.19 Anti-competitive Behavior  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (21) Business ethics -  page 121  11.19.1  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.3.2. Foster Integrity - page 116  11.19.2  GRI 206:  Anticompetitive  Behavior 2016  Disclosure 206-1 Legal  actions for anti-  competitive behavior,  anti-trust, and monopoly  practices  3.3.3.2. Foster Integrity - page 116  11.20 Anti-corruption  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (21) Business ethics -  page 121  11.20.1  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.3.2. Foster Integrity - page 116  11.20.2  GRI 205:  Anticorruption  2016  Disclosure 205-1  Operations assessed for  risks related to  corruption  3.3.3.2. Foster Integrity - page 116  4.3. Risks to which we are subject - page 167  11.20.3  Disclosure 205-2  Communication and  training about anti-  corruption policies and  procedures  3.3.3.2. Foster Integrity  - page 116  People Development and Business Ethics  indicators in the  section 3.6.2. ESG Indicators - page 136  11.20.4  Disclosure 205-3  Confirmed incidents of  corruption and actions  taken  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  Sector  standard  Disclosure  Reference in Technip Energies 2022 Annual Report   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 11.21 Payment to governments  3.4. Materiality and UN SDGs - refer to (20) Stakeholder  relationships &amp; dialogue and (21) Business ethics - page 121  11.21.1  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  Disclosure 3-3  Management of material  topics  3.3.3. Trust page 115  11.21.2  GRI 201:  Economic  Performance  2016  Disclosure 201-1 Direct  economic value  generated and distributed  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.21.3  Disclosure 201-4 Financial  assistance received from  government  Not applicable. Technip Energies do not receive financial  assistance from government.  11.21.4  GRI 207:  Tax 2019  Disclosure 207-1  Approach to tax  Technip Energies Code of Business Conduct  3.2.2. ESG Policies and Certifications - page 92  11.21.5  Disclosure 207-2 Tax  governance, control, and  risk management  4.3.5. Taxation risks page 179  11.21.6  Disclosure 207-3  Stakeholder engagement  and management of  concerns related to tax  Technip Energies Code of Business Conduct  4.3.5. Taxation risks page 179  11.21.7  Disclosure 207-4  Country-by-country  reporting  Information unavailable. Technip Energies is developing this KPI  and will report it in the coming years.  11.21.8  Additional  Sector  Disclosures  For oil and gas purchased  from the state, or from  third parties appointed by  the state to sell on their  behalf, report:  a) Volumes and types of  oil and gas purchased;  b) Full names of the  buying entity and the  recipient of the  payment;  c) Payments made for the  purchase  Not applicable. Technip Energies do not sell oil and gas.  11.22 Public Policy  During the materiality assessment, this topic was not identified as material based on the importance to our stakeholders and the impact of our business.  Sector  standard  Disclosure  Reference in Technip Energies 2022 Annual Report   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| 4.1.  RISK MANAGEMENT  OVERVIEW  164  4.2.  ENTERPRISE RISK  MANAGEMENT  FRAMEWORK  165  4.2.1.  Governance and responsibilities  165  4.2.2.  Business lines and Project risk  management  166  4.2.3.  Enterprise Risk Management and  Internal Control  166  4.2.4.  Internal Audit  167  4.3.  RISKS TO WHICH  WE ARE SUBJECT  167  4.3.1.  Strategic risks  168  4.3.2.  Operational risks  171  4.3.3.  Financial risks  176  4.3.4.  Legal and Regulatory risks  177  4.3.5.  Taxation risks  179  4.3.6.  Risks related to the Ownership of  Technip Energies Shares  182   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 4.1. RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW

The  recognition  of  risks,  threats  and  opportunities  is  an integral part of the management process across our operations, in projects, operating centers, clusters, business lines and administrative functions. We have implemented and we  are constantly maintaining an adequate system of internal control and risk management processes. This encompasses relevant organizational structures and procedures  designed  to  safeguard  our  rights  and  assets, ensure the effectiveness and  efficiency of our internal procedures, the reliability of our financial reporting and strict compliance with laws, regulations and best practices applicable to our businesses.

Within  Technip  Energies  risk  management  is  not  a  process that  runs  in  isolation  from  the  rest  of  our  activities  but rather  is  an  integral  part  of  existing  company  and  business processes. The Enterprise Risk Management (' ERM ') process (the ' ERM Process ') is defined by a dedicated Global Practice Standard  (' GPS ').  This  GPS  is  supplemented  by  external standards  (such  as  ISO  31000)  which  contribute  to  process definition.

The  ERM  Process  is  an  iterative  and  continuous  process which  is  executed  across  all  levels  of  the  Company  from Tender/Project  level  to  Corporate  level.  It  is  designed  to identify,  assess,  mitigate,  monitor  and  report  risks  (both threats and opportunities).

- ■ Identify: identification  of  events  or  situations  that  may occur (not certain) and could prevent the achievement of the objectives.
- ■ Assess: qualitative  evaluation  of  the  risks  identified  in terms  of  severity  (by  measuring  their  impact,  whether positive  or  negative)  and  probability  of  occurrence.  It allows  us  to  prioritize  the  definition  of  a  response  plan which is mandatory for the highest-risk criticalities and is reported  through  the  ERM  quarterly  reporting  process  which  will  allow  us  to  define  a  time  impact  horizon  if applicable (short term: less than one year, medium-term: between one and four years, long term: above four years).
- ■ Mitigate: definition  of  the  action  or  set  of  actions  to  be carried out to reduce risk criticality to an acceptable level.
- ■ Monitoring/Management: management of the whole process  through  regular  reporting  and  review  meetings with the objective of continuously reassessing risks, anticipating new risks and follow-up on mitigation actions.

The following ERM reporting workflow has been designed to ensure a proper bottom-up and top-down sharing of the risks faced by the Company:

<!-- image -->

* Compliance risks are covered by the ESG Committee.

No significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the risk management and internal control systems were observed during 2022 nor were any significant changes made to these systems.

## 4.2.  ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK

Our ERM framework is derived from the Institute of Internal Auditor's (' IIA ') three lines model as follows:

<!-- image -->

* Notes: Strong collaboration between the 3 lines to fortify the Group RM approach &amp; Governance.

## 4.2.1.  GOVERNANCE AND RESPONSIBILITIES

The governance and responsibility of the ERM framework is as follows:

- ■ Board of Directors: it  supervises with the support of the Audit  Committee  the  risks  (threats  and  opportunities) identified  through  the  ERM  Process.  It  also  assesses  the effectiveness of the process and  validates  the  ERM objectives.
- ■ Executive Management: Executive Management is responsible for the effectiveness of the ERM Process and defines  the  ERM  objectives  and  Technip  Energies'  risk appetite.
- ■ Head of Enterprise Risk Management: she/he is responsible for the design and implementation of the ERM Process  with  regards  to  the  ERM  objectives  defined  by Management.

During the course of 2022, the Audit Committee of the Board reviewed on a regular basis with management the key risks facing the Company in relation to its risk appetite, including legal  and  compliance  matters,  key  project  execution,  the fallout resulting from Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the status of  ERP  migration  from  several  providers  to  a  single  cloudbased  solution,  as  well  as  price  volatility  and  resource scarcity.  It  was  also  provided  with  a  specific  presentation relating to the Company's Enterprise Risk  Management framework.  The  Audit  Committee  was  also  provided  with regular  updates  regarding  the  internal  control  function  as well as reports from the Vice President, Internal Audit. The key findings were reported by the Chair of Audit Committee to the Board. The Board was also provided with presentations relating to key risks, including those arising out of  the  Company's  strategy  review  and  resulting  business positioning and on cybersecurity.

<!-- image -->

## 4.2.2.  BUSINESS LINES AND PROJECT RISK MANAGEMENT

The first line of our ERM framework consists of our operating centers,  clusters  and  business  lines,  each  being  under  the responsibility of a dedicated managing director (or equivalent manager),  with  project  risk  management  being  under  the responsibility  of  the  relevant  project  director,  with  control systems  based  on  a  combination  of  appropriate  resources, policies,  procedures,  behaviors  and  actions  all  of  which  are intended to ensure that we conduct our business emphasizing health, safety and environmental standards, and that the design, execution and management of our projects are undertaken in accordance with Technip Energies' policies and procedures.

Project risk management  and  internal control are also intended to identify and mitigate the transversal risks which could  have  a  material  impact  on  Technip  Energies'  assets, results, operations or our ability to implement our objectives and strategy, whether these risks are operational, commercial,  legal,  financial  or  related  to  compliance  with ethical rules or applicable laws and regulations.

Project  risk  management  and  internal  control  functions  are active during the pre-bidding, proposal and execution phases of  our  activity,  and  feature  various  procedures  that  assess project selectivity, partner selection, contracting models and execution schemes prior to the grant of internal authorization  to  tender  and  authorization  to  submit  a  final bid.  Additionally,  at  various  project  milestones,  executive project reviews are undertaken to periodically assess compliance. We consider early engagement as an important component  of  risk  management  with  regards  to  project execution  as  it  helps  identify  and  select  the  appropriate technology  and  design  features.  Additionally,  our  project execution risk mitigation approach helps in the selection of suitable partners and sub-contractors (including by drawing on our experience in relevant geographical areas).

## 4.2.3.  ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The  second  line  of  our  ERM  Framework  encompasses  a bottom-up and top-down approach. Risk registers are developed  at  project  and  local  level  and  rolled  up  into business  lines  and  functions  risk  registers  which  are  then reviewed  every  quarter  with  the  relevant  executives  of  the Company. Emerging risks are identified throughout the year and escalated or pushed down for assessment based on the identification of risks either by Non-Executive Directors or by Executive Committee members. Technip Energies operates in many  different  countries,  sometimes  with  differences  in accounting  policies  and  local  reporting  requirements.  This exposes Technip Energies to the risk of reporting figures that are not in line with the Group's IFRS framework, which may lead to a material impact on the reported figures. In order to mitigate  this  risk  an  accounting  manual  and  other  finance procedures  containing  detailed  guidelines  for  the  financial reporting are available to all employees. Continuous guidance and  support  are  also  delivered  to  the  senior  management and controllers of reporting entities. Each quarter a process for  the  signature  of  representation  letters  is  deployed  at each  level  of  the  organization,  with  detailed  statements regarding financial reporting and internal control.

The business plans of every reporting entity are also translated  into  forecasts  with  deviations  from  the  forecast being analyzed on a regular basis. Any unexpected circumstances  that  arise,  or  any  substantial  deviation  from the forecasts, must be reported immediately to the responsible management. The reports submitted by operational management include an analysis of achievements versus approved plans and a forecast for the coming periods including actions to address any loss.

Technip Energies management is responsible for establishing and  maintaining  adequate  internal  control  over  financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process  under  the  supervision  of  the  Company's  Board  of Directors  and  executed  by  the  management  and  other personnel  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance with  IFRS  as  issued  by  the  IASB  and  adopted  by  the European Union (EU).

The  effectiveness  of  any  system  of  internal  control  over financial reporting is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating,  and  evaluating  the  controls  and  procedures,  and the  inability  to  eliminate  potential  misconduct  completely. Accordingly,  any  system  of  internal  control  over  financial reporting can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurances.  In  addition,  projections  of  any  evaluation  of effectiveness  to  future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that controls  may  become  inadequate  because  of  changes  in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or  procedures  may  deteriorate.  We  intend  to  continue  to monitor  and  upgrade  our  internal  controls  as  necessary  or appropriate  for  our  business,  but  cannot  assure  that  such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting.

Our  management  assessed  the  effectiveness  of  Technip Energies internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and concluded that our internal control over  financial  reporting  was  effective  as  of  December  31, 2022, based on criteria stated in Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013)  issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

The COSO  framework is considered equivalent to the reference framework of the French Financial Markets Authority  (Autorité  des  Marchés  Financiers).  The  Group's internal control system is consequently built around the five components  of  the  COSO  framework  and  it  covers  the processes  of  the  consolidated  entities  and  key  controls  of some  specific  entities  of  which  Technip  Energies  does  not have full ownership. The progress and results of the internal control  evaluation  are  coordinated  and  consolidated  by  the Corporate Internal Control Department and regularly discussed with Corporate, business lines and operating centers management and presented to the Audit Committee.

## 4.2.4.  INTERNAL AUDIT

Internal  Audit,  the  third  line  of  our  ERM  Framework,  is  an independent  function  within  the  organization  and  provides assurance  that,  in  the  pursuit  of  the  Company's  objectives, risks  are  being  managed  effectively  and  financial  and  other controls are in place. It assists Technip Energies in accomplishing  its  objectives  by  bringing  a  systematic  and disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of the organization's risk management, control, and governance process.

Internal  Audit  performs  the  work  in  compliance  with  the Audit  Committee  Charter  (which  is  approved  by  the  Audit Committee and the Board) and the IIA (Institute of Internal Auditors) professional practices and requirements.

## 4.3.  RISKS TO WHICH WE ARE SUBJECT

The  occurrence  of  any  of  the  events  or  circumstances described in these risk factors, individually or together with other circumstances, could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition prospects or cashflow of Technip Energies.

All of these risk factors and events are contingencies, which may or may not occur. Technip Energies may face a number of  these  risks  described  below  simultaneously,  and  one  or more  risks  described  below  may  be  interdependent.  The most material risk factors have been presented first in each category. The order in which the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually materializing, of the potential significance of  the  risks,  or  of  the  scope  of  any  potential  harm  to  the business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects of Technip Energies.

In selecting the risk factors, Technip Energies has considered circumstances such as the probability of the risk materializing on the basis of the current state of affairs, the potential impact which the materialization of the risk could have on Technip Energies' business, financial condition, results  of  operations  and  prospects,  and  the  attention  that management  of  Technip  Energies  would  have  to  devote  to these risks if they were to materialize.

The  risk  factors  are  based  on  assumptions  that  could  turn out to be incorrect. Furthermore, although Technip Energies believes that the risks and uncertainties described below are the material risks  and  uncertainties  concerning  Technip Energies' business, they are not the only risks and uncertainties relating to Technip Energies. Other risks, facts or  circumstances  not  presently  known  to  Technip  Energies, or  that  Technip  Energies  currently  deems  to  be  immaterial, could, individually or cumulatively, prove to be important and could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  Technip  Energies' business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

We  have  described  specific  risk  management  or  mitigation measures to address risks where we have been able to put these in place. However, certain risks may not be the subject to risk management or mitigation. Furthermore, risk management and mitigation measures may be insufficient to eliminate a risk altogether or to alleviate its potential impact in a significant manner.

We  have  defined  our  risks  according  to  five  categories applicable to Technip Energies and its business. We have also identified  the  main  risks  associated  with  the  ownership  of Technip Energies shares. The risks detailed below are:

- ■ Strategic risks;
- ■ Operational risks;
- ■ Financial risks;
- ■ Legal and regulatory risks;
- ■ Taxation risks; and
- ■ Ownership of Technip Energies shares.

Section  3.5.1.  ESG  Risk  Management  and  section  3.5.2.  ESG Risks  and  Opportunities  set  forth  the  environmental,  social and  climate-related  risks  and  opportunities  to  which  the Company is subject.

<!-- image -->

## Risk Appetite

Risk management activities conducted as part of the ERM Process are subject to a risk appetite which depends on the nature of the risk. We determine at least annually or as required by the context the level of risk we are willing to be subject to as relates to main risk categories and define our mitigation efforts as relates to such risks accordingly.

| Main Risk  Categories  Key Risks  Risk Appetite  Section  Technip Energies' approach  Strategic  ■Market  Exposure  ■Innovation/  Acquisitions &amp;  Divestitures  ■Moderate to  high  ■Moderate to  high  4.3.1.  For  strategic  risks,  acceptable  risk  levels  vary  depending  on  the  market  considered.  As  Technip  Energies operates in both traditional energy markets  and  emerging  markets,  our  risk  appetite  will  be  higher  in  developing  energy  transition  services  and  solutions  markets  than  in  more  mature  energy  markets.  As an example of our willingness to take on added  risk,  we  have  actively  redirected  our  R&amp;D  efforts  towards energy transition initiatives.  Operational  ■Project  Execution  ■Employees  ■QHSES  management  ■IT &amp;  Cybersecurity  ■Moderate  ■Low  ■Low  ■Low  4.2.2. &amp; 4.3.2.  Operational risks are handled with a moderate risk  appetite with a dedicated Project Risk Management  Process.  All  risks  related  to  employees,  QHSES  and  cybersecurity are subject to a low-risk appetite.  Financial  ■Financial  Strength  ■FX  ■Banking  counterparty  ■Low  ■Low  ■Low  4.3.3.  Financial  risk  appetite  is  low,  with  the  intent  of  limiting/strictly  monitoring  financial  risks  and  contract frustration risk.  Legal, Tax  and Regulatory  ■Ethics  ■Compliance  ■Tax  ■Contractual  liabilities  ■Zero Tolerance  ■Zero Tolerance  ■Low  ■Low  4.3.4. &amp; 4.3.5.  There  is  no  tolerance  on  ethics  and  compliance  matters.  Legal  and  tax  are  subject  to  a  low  risk  appetite as Technip Energies strives for the highest  level  of  compliance  with  legal  and  regulatory  requirements.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4.3.1.  STRATEGIC RISKS

## 4.3.1.1. Technip Energies must navigate competitive markets with moving parts as the world transitions to renewable energies

Technip Energies operates in a highly competitive environment,  both  in traditional  energy  markets  and  in emerging markets linked to the world's energy transition. The Group competes notably on product offerings, project execution, customer service, and price. In order to maintain a solid  market  position,  best  serve  our  clients  and  meet market as well as regulatory requirements, we develop and implement innovative technologies and processes.

As the energy market is transitioning from traditional markets to new renewable energies, Technip Energies as well as  its  competition  are  continuously  evolving.  Adapting  and innovating  to  respond  to  market  changes  is  key  to  our success, notwithstanding the changes within the competitive landscape  which  impact  our  ability  to  compete  effectively with  products  or  services.  Last,  but  not  least,  the  Group cannot ensure that some of our key markets will evolve and play  less  of  a  leading  role  in  the  world's  energy  mix  as  it transitions in the long run.

Our position  as  a  provider  of  capital  expenditure  (' CAPEX ') solutions  to  the  oil  and  gas  industry  has  seen  increased competition  from  service  providers  in  Asia  and  the  Middle East  for  less  complex  projects  where  we  may  be  less competitive in terms of pricing. We also face price competition in energy transition sectors that are less complex in terms of project size, technology, or other project challenges.  These  developments  may  impact  our  ability  to maintain or grow market share in selected sectors and may have a significant adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.

Furthermore, in recent years, some engineering and technology  ( 'E&amp;T ')  companies  have  carried  out  significant acquisitions  and  entered  in  joint  ventures  with  the  stated goal of pursuing complementary products, services, or geographic  focus.  This  increased  competition  across  our offering  could  impact  our  ability  to  maintain  our  market share,  maintain  or  increase  pricing  for  our  products  and services,  or  reach  favorable  contract  terms  with  customers and suppliers, which could have a significant negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. If we do not develop or acquire energy transition technologies or if our competitors' offering is more attractive than ours, we may not be retained. We are unable to predict what effect competitive factors in the industry may have on

prices, capital spending by our customers, our selling strategies,  our  competitive  position,  our  ability  to  retain customers, or our ability  to  negotiate  favorable  agreements with our customers and suppliers.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

We  continuously  assess  our  markets  to  understand  their dynamics, evaluate our positioning and identify opportunities as well as risks. We notably investigate and analyze capital expenditure across the value chain, production capacity and forecasts, as well as geographic investments and economic, political, social, and environmental underlying market drivers. This  enables  us  also  to  evaluate  changes  in  competitive forces  and  business  models.  We  use  multiple  scenarios  to assess the resilience of our strategy and have factored the energy  transition  into  it.  We  are  actively  broadening  our energy transition offering in decarbonized technologies, whether in LNG, a key transition fuel, or in the deployment of CCUS  solutions, including in connection with hydrogen production, as well as new energies, including green hydrogen and offshore wind.

We have also adapted by delivering projects in new production  areas,  implementing  new  technologies  (with  the development of our sustainable chemistry offering illustrated by  our  work  on  Neste's  bio  refineries, as well as the acquisition and continued growth of our Epicerol ® technology)  and  adapting  scalable  solutions  through  our highly  differentiated  consulting  services,  Genesis.  We  are actively  looking  to  enhance  our  portfolio  of  technologies, whether through in-house development, acquisitions or partnerships.

We  are  also  shifting  our  portfolio  of  offerings  to  a  higher margin model by growing our Technology, Product &amp; Services offering .

The majority of the projects we are engaged to execute have been designed and evaluated by Technip Energies with most of the cost estimation being supported by firm offers already secured by our supply chain from the market.

## 4.3.1.2. Demand for our products and services is highly dependent on oil and gas industry activity and our business model needs to evolve due to the world's energy transition requirements

Our revenues predominately come from capital expenditure in energy infrastructure, notably from oil and gas companies' activity and more specifically related to:

- ■ level of exploration, development, and production activity;
- ■ capital spending; and
- ■ processing of oil and natural gas in refining units, petrochemical sites, and natural gas liquefaction plants.

As the world seeks to transition away from carbon energies, our  traditional  business  model  is  expected  to  be  under pressure in the coming years due to anticipated reduction in oil and gas investments to reach climate targets.

Regarding  the  gas  sector,  the  EU  Commission's  findings under the EU taxonomy for sustainable development and the role  of  natural  gas  as  a  mean  towards  a  predominantly renewable-based future are deciding factors. The classification  and  conditions  relating  to  gas  under  the  EU taxonomy,  and  whether  it  contributes  to  the  transition  to climate neutrality, will directly affect the sanctioning of LNG projects and our ability to do business in this area.

RISKS TO WHICH WE ARE SUBJECT

Furthermore, if financing is not available for energy transition projects,  either  due  to  lack  of  public  policy  guidance  and support or unwillingness of banks to finance such projects, the new markets we are working on in energy transition may not materialize.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

We  have  actively  redirected  our  efforts  and  investments away from oil and towards LNG, a key transition fuel, as well as  low-carbon energies and free-carbon solutions. Our R&amp;D investments are redirected towards energy transition initiatives.

We  are  monitoring  ongoing  consultations  under  the  EU Taxonomy and other legislation relating to the energy transition  and  engaging  with  governmental  authorities  by participating  in  trade  groups  such  as  the  Hydrogen  Council. We are actively discussing future funding schemes with the investment community for energy transition projects.

In  seeking to broaden our energy transition offering, we are entering into external alliances and seeking to acquire rights to energy transition technologies. We conduct active technology  watch  and  are  engaging  in  collaborations  with international research institutions, universities, and promising startups  to  commercialize  their  technologies  and  establish an early position in the market for Technip Energies.

We  are  also  developing  our  position  in  markets  where  our presence has been limited to date.

## 4.3.1.3. Disruptions in the political, regulatory, economic, and social conditions of the countries in which we conduct business could adversely affect our business or results of operations

We operate in various countries across the world. Instability and unforeseen changes in any of the markets in which we conducts  business,  including  economically  and  politically volatile  areas  could  have  an  adverse  effect  on  the  demand for  our  services  and  products,  our  business,  our  results  of operations,  our  financial  condition  or  our  prospects.  These factors include, but are not limited to, the following:

- ■ disease outbreaks and other public health issues, including COVID-19;
- ■ natural disasters;
- ■ current and future climate-related weather conditions and chronic changes (in temperatures and precipitations) and acute extreme weather events (such as cyclones, hurricanes, typhoons, floods, heat waves and heavy precipitations);
- ■ nationalization and expropriation;
- ■ potentially burdensome taxation;
- ■ inflationary  and  recessionary  markets,  including  capital and equity markets;
- ■ civil unrest, labor issues, political instability, terrorist attacks, cyber-terrorism, military activity and wars;
- ■ supply disruptions;
- ■ sanctions,  prohibitions  or  restrictions,  whether  imposed by the United States of America, the European Union, the United Kingdom or other countries against countries that are  the  targets  of  economic  sanctions  or  are  designated as state sponsors of terrorism;
- ■ foreign ownership restrictions;
- ■ import or export licensing requirements;

<!-- image -->

- ■ trade restrictions on operations, trade protection measures, price controls or restrictions imposed on trade partners and  on  investment  decisions resulting  from domestic and foreign laws and regulations or arising out of trade disputes;
- ■ regime changes;
- ■ changes in, and the administration of, treaties, laws, and regulations, including in response to public health issues;
- ■ inability to repatriate income or capital;
- ■ reductions in the availability of qualified personnel; and
- ■ foreign  currency  fluctuations  or  currency  restrictions,  or fluctuation in the interest rate component.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

We continually monitor global geopolitical developments. Our corporate  functions  (including  our  Legal,  Compliance,  Tax, Treasury and HSE departments) support our businesses and local affiliates to ensure that we have a proper understanding  of  the  local  environment  and  are  able  to comply with laws and fiscal regulations that are applicable to us. We seek to engage with governments and local authorities  in  countries  where  we  operate  in  a  transparent and open manner.

Our treasury operations are centralized and work to manage credit exposures associated with our cash, foreign exchange and interest rate positions.

Our  Global  Sourcing  &amp;  Procurement  team  monitors  our exposure to sourcing bottlenecks (such as electronic components  and  semi-conductors)  and  aims  at  diversifying our supply base.

Our Global Security team monitors security events and threat evolution in the countries where  we  operate and has developed security procedures and resources to ensure the protection of our people, assets, and reputation.

## 4.3.1.4. Due to the types of contracts we enter into and the markets in which we operate, the cumulative loss of several major contracts, customers, or alliances may have an adverse effect on our results of operations

In  the  ordinary  course  of  our  business,  we  enter  into  large, long-term  contracts  that, in the aggregate,  represent  a significant portion of our revenue. If long-term contracts are terminated or breached, our operating results or our financial condition would be disproportionately impacted compared to if  shorter-term  contracts  were  terminated  or  breached  due to  the  higher  value  at  risk.  Moreover,  the  global  market  for the production, transportation and transformation of hydrocarbons and by-products, as well as the other industrial  markets  in  which  we  operate,  is  dominated  by  a small number of companies. As a result, our business relies on a limited number of customers. As of December 31, 2022, our  top  five  customers  (Novatek 1 ,  Qatar  Energy,  Sempra, Assiut National Oil Processing Company and ENI) represented 56%  of  our  consolidated  backlog  and  54%  of  our  revenues (both on an IFRS adjusted basis). Losing several key contracts,  customers,  or  alliances  could  have  a  significant adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

(1) The Company is in the process of exiting the Arctic LNG 2 project.

The  trends  in  the  energy  markets  including  oil  and  gas demand and price, renewable energy profitability, CO2 storage and hydrogen demand  could impact our main customers'  activities  and  the  contracts  that  we  enter  into with  them.  Any  of  the  foregoing  could  have  a  material adverse impact  on the business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects of Technip Energies.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

The development of our energies transition business and the growing of Technology, Products &amp; Services are generating a greater number of contracts with a more diversified customer base, resulting in the reduction of our exposure. As part  of  our  strategy  roadmap  we  are  seeking  to  grow  our Technology,  Product  &amp;  Services  businesses  which  should reduce  the  share  of  our  business  which  is  concentrated  in certain countries, geographical areas or clients as Technology, Product &amp; Services' portfolio consists of smaller and more numerous projects.

## 4.3.1.5. Our acquisition and divestiture activities involve substantial risks

We may pursue acquisitions, divestitures or other investments  that  may  strategically  fit  our  business  and/or growth objectives. We cannot provide assurances that we will be able to locate suitable acquisitions, divestitures or investments,  or  that  we  will  be  able  to  consummate  any such transactions on terms and conditions acceptable to us. Even  if  we  do  execute  such  transactions,  these  may  not result in anticipated benefits. If we are unable to successfully  integrate  and  develop  acquired  businesses,  we could fail to achieve anticipated synergies and cost savings, including  any  expected  increases  in  revenues  and  operating results, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.

Due  to  uncertainty  in  certain  market  signals  related  to  the energy transition, we may fail to correctly anticipate market trends affecting our business such as the pace of transition from oil and gas, renewable energy profitability, CO2 storage or hydrogen demand, leading to the risk that we may invest in companies or businesses that fail, causing a loss of all or part  of  our  investment.  In  addition,  if  we  determine  that  a decline  in  the  fair  value  exists  for  a  company  in  which  we have invested, we may have to write down that investment to its fair value and recognize the related write-down as an investment loss. As a result of divestitures, we may not be able to cause a buyer of a divested business to assume the liabilities  of  that  business  or,  even  if  such  liabilities  are assumed,  we  may  have  difficulties enforcing its rights, contractual or otherwise, against the buyer

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

We  deploy due diligence teams during the course of reviewing a possible transaction to identify and address legal, compliance, tax, technical, technological and other risks with each  transaction  being  thus  evaluated  by  a  team  from different  functions  to  de-risk  each  opportunity.  This  multistage  internal  process  allows  us  to  review  and  identify  key risks prior to management deciding to proceed. We also have a review process after a transaction is complete to evaluate if we realized the expected benefits and incorporate lessons learned for future transactions.

## 4.3.2.  OPERATIONAL RISKS

## 4.3.2.1. We are subject to price volatility and reduced material availability

The  COVID-19  pandemic  and  Russia's  invasion  of  Ukraine have  had  a  material  impact  on  energy  prices  with  supply being unable to match demand. Resource shortages, reduction  in  production  capacity  and  logistical  bottlenecks have also contributed to significant inflation in the price of commodities and equipment. Technip Energies infrastructure projects  are  affected  by  increases  in  oil  products  (fuel  oil, lubricants, bunker oil, etc.), raw materials (including steel), as well  as  labor  and  associated  costs  which  are  inputs  in  the realization  of  projects  that  we  undertake  for  our  clients. Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic we have had to weather a sudden increase in several raw materials (steel, copper and nickel among others). The impact of the Ukraine war has as well lead to further price volatility and reduced material availability. Regarding logistic issues, if the constraints  following  the  COVID-19  pandemic  are  reducing, we still face volatility due to the energy price increase.

In addition, the low-carbon transition could lead to increased prices as companies providing raw materials (including clay, rocks and sand) and processed materials (cement, concrete, metals) are also committed to climate trajectories. Their own investments  to reduce  their carbon  footprint and  their willingness  to  develop  'green'  offers  may  lead  to  cost increases for their clients, including Technip Energies

Should  we  not  be  able  to  recoup  input  increases  from  our customers,  our  business,  results  of  operations,  financial condition or prospects could be materially affected.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

We have dedicated sourcing and procurement teams which as part of their procurement strategies seek to control these risks through: (1) implementation of sourcing execution plans at  the  tendering  stage  including  by  execution  of  supply agreements before a contract award to Technip Energies to minimize risk, (2) seeking to identify equipment for which a possible precommitment agreement may be entered into to lock  in  prices  to  minimize  the  effects  of  the  volatility,  (3) diversifying  our  supplier  base  including  by  identifying  new alternative suppliers (and sub-suppliers as needed), (4) reviewing contractual clauses to be included at the contract negotiation phase, (5) increasing the monitoring of suppliers, (6)  supporting  other  Company  functions  in  the  escalation assessment to be part of the overall material cost evaluation, (7)  moving  away  from  lump  sum  turn  key  contracts  with clients to reimbursable contracts with price escalation clauses, and (8) regarding worldwide transportation constraints and resulting increased shipping costs, adapting our shipping strategy, including by seeking to charter vessels on  a  long-term  basis  to  be  more  pro-active  in  managing delivery schedules with a dedicated department having been created for such purpose.

## 4.3.2.2. We may lose money on fixed-price contracts

As is customary for some of our projects, we may agree to provide  products  and  services  under  fixed-price  contracts. We  are  subject  to  material  risks  in  connection  with  such fixed-price  contracts.  It  is  not  possible  to  estimate  with complete  certainty  the  final  cost  or  margin  of  a  project  at the time  of bidding or during the early phases  of  its execution. Actual expenses incurred in executing fixed-price contracts can vary substantially from those originally anticipated for several reasons including, but not limited to, the following:

- ■ unforeseen  additional  costs  related  to  the  purchase  of substantial  equipment  necessary  for  contract  fulfillment or labor shortages in the markets where the contracts are performed;
- ■ increases  in the prices of oil products, energy,  raw material,  processed  prices,  and  supply  chain  disruption due to climate change;
- ■ unforeseen additional costs during the construction, commissioning,  and  startup  during  the  commissioning phase;
- ■ failure to complete construction on time, or the inability to complete construction in accordance with design specifications;
- ■ mechanical  failure of our production  equipment  and machinery;
- ■ additional costs and work to adapt plant design to more difficult  operational  conditions  linked  to  climate  change (with the requirement to plan for climate-resilient design and construction, and the requirement to anticipate efficiency  and  performance  of  equipment  in  evolving, more extreme, climate conditions);
- ■ delays  caused  by  current and  future climate-related weather  conditions,  including  chronic  changes  (such  as more  extreme  temperatures  and  precipitations)  and  the increase  in  acute,  extreme,  weather  events  (such  as cyclones,  hurricanes,  typhoons,  floods,  heat  waves  and heavy precipitations), as well as the occurrence of pandemics such as COVID-19; and
- ■ a  failure  of  suppliers,  subcontractors,  or  joint  venture partners to perform their contractual obligations.

The realization of any material risks and unforeseen circumstances  could  also  lead  to  delays  in  the  execution schedule  of  a  project.  We  may  be  held  liable  to  a  client should we fail to meet project milestones or deadlines or to comply with other contractual provisions. Additionally, delays in certain  projects  could  lead  to  delays  in  subsequent projects that were scheduled to use equipment or infrastructure still being utilized on a delayed project.

Pursuant to the terms of fixed-price contracts, we may not be  able  to  increase  the  price  of  the  contract  to  reflect factors  that  were  unforeseen  at  the  time  our  bid  was submitted, and this risk may be heightened for projects with longer terms. Depending on the size of a project, variations from estimated contract performance, or variations in multiple  contracts,  could  have  a  significant  impact  on  our business, results of operations, financial condition or cashflow.

<!-- image -->

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

We  are  highly  selective  in  the  projects  that  we  undertake. Early  engagement  allows  us  to  provide  greater  accuracy  in our  project  cost  estimate.  We  negotiate  in  our  contracts appropriate  risk  allocation  schemes  such  as  open  book provisions.  The  majority  of  the  projects  we  are  engaged  to execute  have  been  designed  and  evaluated  by  Technip Energies  with  most  of  the  cost  estimation  being  supported by firm offers already secured with our supply chain. Contingencies towards risks are also built into the contract budget.

In addition, the contractual framework for projects can differ materially and we utilize multiple commercial models depending  on  our  risk  assessment  of  a  given  project.  We enter into lump-sum turnkey contracts for certain projects, but are also adopting hybrid commercial models that have a fixed  price  component  as  well  as  a  cost  reimbursable component. We also enter into convertible lump-sum contracts which begin on a reimbursable basis and which, as the  project  scope  becomes  more  defined,  are  progressively converted to lump-sum when sufficiently de-risked. We also enter into contracts on a fully reimbursable basis. The blend of different commercial models serve to mitigate the risks of execution within our backlog.

## 4.3.2.3. Our failure to timely deliver our backlog could affect future sales, profitability, and relationships with our clients; we may not realize revenue due to client order reductions, cancellations or acceptance delays

As  of  December  31,  2022,  the  Company's  adjusted  backlog was  equal  to  €12,750.1  million,  as  compared  to  €16,388.3 million as of December 31, 2021.

We carry out construction projects to maintain, upgrade, and develop  the  asset  base  of  our  clients.  Such  projects  are subject to risks of delay and cost overruns that are inherent to any large construction project due to:

- ■ geopolitical risks including as a result of the Ukraine war;
- ■ shortages or delay of key materials, equipment, or skilled labor;
- ■ design and engineering issues;
- ■ current  and  future  climate-related  weather  conditions, including chronic changes (such as more extreme temperatures  and  precipitations) and  the  increase in acute, extreme, weather events (such as cyclones, hurricanes, typhoons, floods, heat waves and heavy precipitations); and
- ■ shipyard delays and performance issues.

Many  of  the  contracts  we  enter  into  with  our  clients  also require long  manufacturing  lead  times  due  to  complex technical  and  logistical  requirements.  These  contracts  may contain  clauses  related  to  liquidated  damages  or  financial incentives regarding on-time delivery, and a failure by Technip  Energies  to  deliver  in  accordance  with  customer expectations could subject us to liquidated damages or loss of financial incentives, and project cost overruns which will reduce our margins on these contracts, or result in damage to existing customer relationships.

In certain limited circumstances our customers have invoked termination clauses leading to order reductions, cancellations  and  acceptance  delays.  Additionally,  acts  of state related to nationalization, expropriation, trade sanctions  or  change  in  the  applicable  legal  framework  may impose or require changes to contract terms which could in turn affect our backlog and may result in the suspension or termination of contracts.

We may be unable to collect revenue for orders reflected in our  backlog,  or  we  may  be  unable  to  collect  cancellation penalties, to the extent we have the right to impose them, or the revenues may be delayed and pushed into future periods. In addition, clients who  are more highly leveraged or otherwise unable to pay their creditors in the ordinary course of business may become insolvent or be unable to operate as a  going  concern.  We  may  be  unable  to  collect  amounts  or damages due from these clients.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

In  order  to  meet  client  delivery  schedules  reflected  in  our backlog,  we  monitor  and  manage  a  number  of  key  items, including,  but  not  limited  to,  access  to  equipment  and material required for the delivery  of  products  and  the rendering  of  services,  having  an  adequately  trained  and capable workforce, construction subcontractor performance, project engineering expertise and execution, securing sufficient manufacturing plant capacity, and  appropriate planning and scheduling of access to manufacturing resources.

We seek to manage client risk at the contractual negotiation stage  and  have  a  contract  management  team  in  place throughout the life of a project with the objective of ensuring that  the  terms  of  the  contract  are  adhered  to  and  which documents  any  departures  therefrom.  We  seek  to  include termination clauses and clauses that provide for compensation.

We also seek to include in our contracts' provisions relating to  acts  of  state,  change  in  laws,  trade  sanctions  and force majeure so  as  to  limit  our  exposure  to  such  events  and/or subscribe to contract frustration insurance policies.

## 4.3.2.4. We face risks relating to our reliance on subcontractors, suppliers, joint venture and consortium partners

We  rely  on  subcontractors,  suppliers,  joint  ventures  and consortium partners (' Partners ') for the performance of our contracts.  Although  we  are  not  dependent  upon  any  single supplier,  certain  geographic  areas  of  our  business  or  a project  or  group  of  projects  may  depend  heavily  on  certain suppliers  for  fabrication  materials  or  semi-finished  goods. Any difficulty in engaging suitable subcontractors or acquiring equipment and materials could also compromise our ability to generate a significant margin on a project or to complete a project within the allocated timeframe. If Partners refuse to adhere to their contractual obligations with us or are unable to  do  so  due  to  a  deterioration  of  their  financial  condition, we  may  be  unable  to  find  a  suitable  replacement  at  a comparable price, or at all, or to secure the deliverables that were to be provided by a defaulting joint venture or consortium partner.

Any  delay,  failure  to  meet  contractual  obligations,  or  other event beyond our control or which we would have not been able to foresee, that is attributable to a Partner, could lead to delays in the overall progress of a project and/or generate significant extra costs as we may be obligated to assume the defaulting  Partner's  obligations  or  compensate  our  clients. Even if we are entitled to make a claim for these extra costs against the defaulting Partner, we may be unable to recover all or part of these costs and this could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or cashflow.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

We monitor our global exposure to our clients and Partners, which allows us to give timely and appropriate input in the course of our selection process. We engage in extensive due diligence  of  clients  and  Partners,  including  review  of  their credit worthiness and their financial ability to perform their obligations.  When  negotiating  contracts  with  our  suppliers, we  negotiate  the  terms  and  conditions  of  our  contracts  to include  appropriate  provisions  that  are  intended  to  protect us  such  as  liquidated  damages  provisions  and  make  good clauses. We seek to secure performance guarantees from our suppliers. When negotiating the terms of our contracts with our clients we in turn seek to limit our exposure to similar provisions  which  are  put  in  place  for  the  benefit  of  the counterparty.

We have a dedicated sourcing and procurement teams which operates out of our Paris, Rome, Houston, and Kuala Lumpur main sourcing and procurement offices and which are tasked with developing procurement and project execution strategies. Those strategies encompass entering into strategic partnerships to secure the execution of our projects by having access to workshop workload capacity at competitive price. We also benefit from a large supply base which allows us to mitigate this risk.

In addition, we have expertise in maritime operations which address  issues  that  may  arise  in  connection  with  maritime transportation.  We  also  seek  to  secure  insurance  policies that  cover  engineering,  construction  and  shipping  risks.  To enhance  our  insurance  program,  we  have  set  up  a  captive reinsurance affiliate.

## 4.3.2.5. We may be unable to employ a sufficient number of skilled and qualified workers

The delivery of our products and services requires personnel with  specialized  skills  and  experience.  Our  ability  to  be productive  and  profitable  depends  on  our  ability  to  employ and retain skilled  workers.  During  periods  of  low  activity  in the industries we serve, we have had to reduce the size of our labor force to offset declining revenue levels, and some employees  have  chosen  to  leave  in  order  to  secure  more stable  employment.  Also,  in  a  post  COVID-19  pandemic environment, companies have experienced record numbers of staff leaving their jobs and the challenge of managing higher attrition  and  competition  for  talents  in  a  highly  dynamic market.  In  addition,  'green  skills'  which  are  required  to contribute  to  a  low  carbon  economy  are  evolving  and  will continue  to  emerge  by  2030  and  beyond.  We  observe  the rising need for such skills in the workforce, in all sectors and at  all  levels,  in  order  to  help  the  adaptation  of  products, services  and  processes  to  the  transformations  taking  place due  to  climate  change  and  to  enhanced  environmental requirements and regulations.

These circumstances may cause us to lose skilled personnel, the  absence  of  which  could  give  rise  to  quality,  efficiency, and  deliverability  issues  in  our  operations,  or  delay  our response  to  an  upturn  in  the  market.  During  periods  of increasing  activity  in  our  industry,  our  ability  to  expand  our operations depends in part on our ability to increase the size of  our  skilled  labor  force.  In  addition,  during  such  periods, the demand for skilled workers is high, the supply is limited, and  the cost to attract and  retain qualified  personnel increases.  For  example,  we  have  in  the  past  experienced shortages of engineers and welders, which in some instances slowed the productivity of certain of our operations. Furthermore,  a  significant  increase  in  the  wages  paid  by competing employers could result in attrition of our skilled labor force and/or result in increases in the wage rates that we  must  pay.  Technip  Energies'  activity  continues  to  be perceived  as  being  focused  on  the  oil  and  gas,  with  a resulting  negative  image,  especially  amongst  the  younger generations,  which  could  affect  our  ability  to  attract  and retain  talent.  This  may  in  turn  give  rise  to  difficulties  in recruiting experts having skills relevant to the energy transition and to low-carbon solutions and impede our ability to  respond  quickly  to  client  demands  with  our  growth potential being negatively impacted.

We  are  also  facing  increasingly  stringent  and  constantly evolving regulations in relation  to  social  protection  and employment conditions. Certain countries, in particular emerging economies and developing countries, aim to impose more onerous regulations in relation to local content requirements regarding operations conducted by or for foreign businesses, particularly regarding the employment of local workers, the provision of products and services sourced from, or provided by, local businesses, and social investment in favor of local communities.

The foregoing could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cashflow.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

We  have  developed  and  will  continue  in  2023  to  develop active partnerships with campuses to provide young engineers opportunities for under-graduate training and first job enrollment. The number of young graduates hiring in 2022 has tripled,  which  allows  us  to  enlarge  our  talent  pool  and prepare future growth. We are seeking to attract more talent by increasing our energy transition visibility.

We have also designed in 2022 an energy transition graduate program  which  kicked  off  in  January  2023.  This  two-year program,  which  is  focused  on  sustainability  challenges,  will offer to the selected young graduates a personalized development journey, with mentoring and exposure to senior leaders.

We have continued our Project Excellence Program to bring Project  Managers  enhanced  learning  in  commercial,  project leadership and stakeholder management.

We have in 2022 revitalized our existing programs:

- ■ Management:  targeting  new  and  experienced  managers to engage  and  grow  their  teams,  deploy  their  vision  and strategy and lead change;
- ■ Leadership  Development:  for  junior  future  leaders  with the aim of accelerating their development and career; and
- ■ Digital  learning  offer:  to  enhance  the  creation  of  value with data.

Since  we  are  reflecting  on  how  to  accelerate  our  energy transition transformation with the right skills and people, we have  conducted  a  collaborative  internal  study  to  map  and define  the  critical  green  skills  which  are  needed.  We  have been able to target the business activities on top of digital where green skills  development  is  crucial  and  will  work  on delivering the right solutions to upskill our workforce in their existing role or reskill it with new pathways. A new governance has been put in place in 2022 with a learning lab to  ensure  constant  alignment  of  learning  solutions  with business strategies.

We are also working on knowledge management and recognition of expertise within 29 key disciplines. Additional experts will be  recognized  in energy  transition  focused disciplines in 2023.

Finally, to strengthen our succession planning and capability to grow our teams with the appropriate individual development plans and career path design, we have launched a new talent review campaign which enables us to screen the

<!-- image -->

entire  organization  to  identify  potential  talents  for  local, regional, functional, and senior management roles.

## 4.3.2.6. A failure of our IT infrastructure, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could adversely impact our operations

The efficient operation of our business is dependent on our information  technology  (' IT ')  systems.  Accordingly,  we  rely upon the capacity, reliability, and security of our IT hardware and  software  infrastructure  and  our  ability  to  expand  and update this infrastructure in response to changing needs. We have  been  subject  to  cyber-attacks  in  the  past,  including phishing,  malware,  and  ransomware.  While  no  such  attack has had a material adverse effect on our business, this may not  be  the  case  with  future  attacks.  Our  systems  may  be vulnerable  to  damage  from  such  attacks,  as  well  as  from natural disasters, failures in hardware or software, deficient implementation of our enterprise resource planning migration from several Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems to a single cloud-based system, power fluctuations, unauthorized access  to  data  and  systems,  loss  or  destruction  of  data (including  confidential  customer  information),  human  error, and other similar disruptions. We could also be impacted by cyberattacks originating from nation-states or various organizations  and  arising  out  of  geopolitical  tensions  or conflicts, including, for instance, by Russia or Russian related actors  in  connection  with  the  evolving  Ukraine  war.  We cannot  give  assurance  that  any  security  measures  we  have implemented  or may  in the future implement  will be sufficient to identify and prevent or mitigate such disruptions.

IT  infrastructure  that  supports  our  business  goes  beyond Technip  Energies'  boundaries,  represented  by  on-premises infrastructure managed  internally, and includes services provided by third parties such as infrastructure-as-a-services (IaaS),  software-as-a-service  (SaaS)  applications  and  public cloud services, which also support critical applications. The security  and  privacy  measures  implemented  by  such  third parties, as well as the measures implemented by any entities we  acquire  or  with  whom  we  do  business,  may  not  be sufficient to identify or prevent cyber-attacks, and any such attacks may have a material adverse effect on our business. While our IT vendor agreements typically contain provisions that  seek  to  eliminate  or  limit  our  exposure  to  liability  for damages  from  a  cyber-attack, we  cannot ensure such provisions will withstand legal challenges or cover all or part of such damages.

The foregoing could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cashflow.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

To  protect  our  IT  infrastructure,  we  rely  on  an  IT  and cybersecurity  risk  management  program  that  operates  in synergy  with  a  cybersecurity  vulnerability  management  and resilience  program,  which  are  mainly  focused  in  detecting and controlling the impact of a service disruption. In addition to  risk  mitigation  and  risk-based  vulnerability  management for incident prevention, we rely on managed services provided  by  third  parties,  which  are  dedicated  to  incident detection  and  response.  Third-party  reviews  are  performed prior to engagement to assess security and controls.

## 4.3.2.7. Our operations require us to comply with numerous regulations

Our operations and manufacturing activities are governed by international,  regional,  transnational,  and  national  laws  and regulations  in  every  place  where  we  operate  relating  to matters  such  as  environmental  protection,  climate  change, health  and  safety,  labor  and  employment,  import/export controls, currency exchange, bribery and corruption, sanctions  and  taxation.  These  laws  and  regulations  are complex,  frequently  change,  and  have  tended  to  become more  stringent  over  time.  In  the  event  the  scope  of  these laws and regulations expands in the future, the incremental cost  of  compliance  could  adversely  impact  our  business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.

Our  international  operations  are  subject  to  anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the anti-corruption provisions of French law n° 2016-1691 dated December 9, 2016 relating to Transparency, Anti-corruption and Modernization of Business  Practice  (Sapin  II  Law),  the  U.S.  Foreign  Corrupt Practices  Act  (' FCPA '),  the  U.K.  Bribery  Act  of  2010,  Anticorruption  and  Modernization  of  the  Business  Practice,  and economic  and  trade  sanctions  (including  those  adopted against Russia as a result of the Ukraine war), including those administered by the United Nations, the European Union, the Office  of  Foreign  Assets  Control  of  the  U.S.  Department  of the Treasury, and the U.S. Department of State. We are also subject  to  international  data  protection  laws,  such  as  the General Data Protection Regulation (' GDPR ') in the European Economic Area.

As a result of doing business in foreign countries, including through  partners  and  agents,  we  are  exposed  to  a  risk  of violating anti-corruption laws and sanctions regulations. Some  of  the  international  locations  in  which  we  currently operates or may, in the future, operate, have developing legal systems and may have higher levels of corruption than more developed nations.  Our  continued  expansion  and  worldwide operations, including in developing countries, its development of joint venture relationships worldwide, and the employment of local agents in the countries in  which  we  operate increases  the  risk  of  violations  of  anti-corruption  laws  and economic and trade sanctions.  Violations  of  anti-corruption laws  and  economic  and  trade  sanctions  are  punishable  by civil  penalties,  including  fines,  denial  of  export  privileges, injunctions, asset seizures,  debarment  from  government contracts (and termination of existing contracts), and revocations  or  restrictions  of  licenses,  as  well  as  criminal fines  and  imprisonment.  In  addition,  any  major  violations could  have  a  significant  impact  on  our  reputation  and consequently on our ability to win future business.

We may be exposed to the risk of damage to our image and reputation due to non-ethical business behavior. This type of behavior can occur within affiliated entities or in projects but also  at  each  stage  of  Technip  Energies'  value  chain.  The subcontracting  and  supply  chain  may  reveal  acts  or  events that are contrary to our ethical principles and sustainability policies, and which may be unknown to us in so far as they occur  before  our  involvement.  Clients  and  project  sponsors may also act in a manner that is contrary to our principles and policies, resulting in accidents or exposure to reputational  damage.  This  may  directly  or  indirectly  affect our image and reputation, which could ultimately impact our ability  to  remain  in  existing  markets  or  break  into  new markets, create jobs or implement our operations in certain countries, ultimately resulting in financial losses.

The  occurrence  of  any  violation of laws  or regulations applicable to Technip Energies could subject us to penalties

Furthermore,  we  can  operate  in  regions  where  the  risk  of human  rights,  such  as  forced  and  compulsory  labor,  work conditions,  and  discrimination  are  high,  and  we  need  to invest  financial  and  managerial  resources  to  ensure  the human  rights for all the workers in all projects and operations.

The foregoing could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

Our legal and compliance teams keep up to date on the laws and regulations that are applicable to Technip Energies.

We have implemented internal controls designed to minimize and detect potential violations of laws and regulations in a timely  manner  but  we  can  provide  no  assurance  that  such policies and procedures will be followed at all times or will effectively  detect  and  prevent  violations  of  the  applicable laws by one or more of our employees, consultants, agents, or partners.

We have implemented a data protection and privacy program by  appointing  a  Data  Protection  Officer  and  a  global  data protection subject matter expert responsible for monitoring and ensuring effective compliance with the GDPR and other data protection legislation.

Our  Code  of  Business  Conduct  helps  us  recognize  and address  the  ethical  dimensions  to  our  everyday  decisions. Our commitment to integrity is absolute and is embodied in our Code of Business Conduct which was in place from the day  of  the  Spin-off.  Since  then,  we  have  reinforced  our commitment  by  making  available  our Ethics  Point  Helpline and My  Compliance  Online portal.  Our  Compliance  team provides our stakeholders with the tools  and  guidance needed to work with integrity, wherever one is and whatever one does.

## 4.3.2.8. We may be affected by energy shortage during winters of 2022-2024

As a result of the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, the supply of Russian oil and gas to Western European countries has been increasingly  constrained,  with  resulting  very  material  price increases  as  well  as  possible  severe  impacts  on  electricity generation  during  the  2022-2023  and  2023-2024  winters. Should this result in material electricity shortages in Europe, governments  may  need  to  consider  rationing  measures. Though  the  Company  has  limited  manufacturing  facilities which would be affected by energy rationing, energy shortages could give rise to business continuity issues (both at manufacturing sites and at offices).

## RISK AND RISK MANAGEMENT

RISKS TO WHICH WE ARE SUBJECT

Our  current  assessment  is  that  France  is  the  country  in which the Technip Energies group is most at risk of incurring power shortage during the winter of 2022-2023. This risk is moste likely to materialize during working days and at peak hours  between  8  a.m.  -  1  p.m.  and  6  p.m.  -  8  p.m.  (when there is maximum demand on the electricity network).

The foregoing could could have a material adverse impact on our  business,  results  of  operations,  financial  condition  or prospects.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

We have set up an ambitious energy sobriety system in our main French offices in order to limit our energy consumption during the winter. This includes:

- ■ surface optimization;
- ■ an energy consumption reduction plan, including thermal needs reduction (19 °C), reduced lighting and lighting cuts in non-occupied areas, shut-down of IT equipment when not used, reduced charging time for electric vehicles, and staggered heating schedules in buildings;
- ■ sharing of best practices; and
- ■ anticipation  of  the  risk  of  power  shortage  through  the Ecowatt  system  in  order  to  trigger  Business  Continuity process should it prove to be necessary.

## 4.3.2.9. COVID-19 may continue to have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows

Since its global outbreak in 2020, COVID-19, including actions taken by governments and businesses, resulted in a significant  reduction  in  global  economic  activity.  Measures taken to address and limit the spread of the disease - such as  stay-at-home  orders,  social  distancing  guidelines  and travel  restrictions  -  adversely  affected  the  economies  and financial  markets  of  many  countries.  With  the  development of  vaccines  and  the  vaccination  rates  increasing  in  most countries,  activity  has  resumed  and  protective  measures have  been  relaxed  but  uncertainties  remain  due  to  the appearance of new variants.

The full extent to which the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic will continue impacting our results is evolving and will ultimately depend  on  various  factors  and  consequences  beyond  our control.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

We  have  maintained  measures  to  minimize  the  impact  of COVID-19 on our operations and to ensure the safety of all our staff. We continue to actively engage with our clients, JV partners, suppliers and subcontractors to mitigate the contractual impact of COVID-19 on project execution.

<!-- image -->

## 4.3.3.  FINANCIAL RISKS

## 4.3.3.1. We are subject to currency exchange rate fluctuations

We conduct operations around the world in multiple currencies.  Because  a  significant  portion  of  our  revenue  is denominated in currencies other than our reporting currency, the euro, changes in exchange rates will produce fluctuations in our revenue, costs, and earnings, and may also affect the book value of our assets and liabilities and related equity.

We hedge transaction impacts on margins where a transaction is not in the functional currency of the business unit,  but  we  do  not  hedge transaction impacts on earnings. Our efforts to minimize its currency exposure through such hedging  transactions  may  not  be  successful  depending  on market and business conditions. Moreover, certain currencies in  which  we  conduct  operations,  specifically  currencies  in countries such as Mozambique, do not actively trade in the global foreign exchange markets and may lead us to increased foreign currency exposure. As a result, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our our  business,  results  of  operations,  financial  condition  or cashflow.

## 4.3.3.2. A downgrade in the Company's credit rating could restrict our ability to secure financing

As of the date of this Annual Report, we have a public credit rating  of  BBB-  (with  a  stable  outlook)  from  S&amp;P  Global Ratings (' S&amp;P ') which is a credit rating agency established in the  European  Union  and  registered  under  Regulation  (EU) 462/2013. The  terms  of our financing will, in part, be dependent on our ability to maintain such credit rating. We cannot  provide  assurance  that  credit  ratings  will  remain  in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered  or  withdrawn  entirely  by  a  rating  agency.  Factors that may impact our credit ratings include debt levels, capital structure, planned asset purchases or sales, near- and longterm production growth opportunities, market position, liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, product mix, customer and  geographic  diversification,  and  commodity  price  levels. A downgrade in our credit rating particularly to  noninvestment grade level, could limit our ability to access new financing, increase our interest cost, or refinance our existing debt  or  cause  us  to  refinance  or  issue  debt  with  less favorable terms and conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cashflow.

Moreover,  the  terms  of  our  revolving  credit  provide  that  in the  event  our  credit  rating  is  downgraded,  the  applicable margin on draw downs will be increased, thereby increasing the  interest  we  would  pay  under  the  facility,  which  could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.

An  increase  in  the  level  of  our  indebtedness  and  related interest  costs  may  increase  our  vulnerability  to  adverse general economic and industry conditions and may affect our ability  to  obtain  additional  financing,  as  well  as  have  a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cashflow.

## 4.3.3.3. Banking counterparty risk

We  hold our cash on a per bank basis through the centralizing treasury company T.EN Eurocash SNC or through the joint-venture entities for specific projects. We negotiate banking arrangements with our partners at the beginning of a new joint venture once our Group Treasury Department has completed  a  regulations  and  constraints  analysis  and  we seek  to  use  Technip  Energies  core  banks  as  much  as possible. However, we may be unable to diversify sufficiently our bank holdings due to a number of reasons including bank compliance requirements on the origin of funds. As a result, we may become materially dependent on a limited number of banks and/or have a substantial portion of our cash held in certain countries from which it may be difficult to extract cash  and/or  have  an  overall  exposure  to  sub-investments grade banks/high risk countries.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

We apply a banking limits  framework  with  a  scoring  model administered  by  the  Technip  Energies  group  treasurer.  We have  put  in  place  a  policy  of  diversification  of  our  banking counterparties and investments products. We seek to diversify risk by opening up to different investment products such  as  money  market  funds  which  are  aligned  with  our global bank relationships and policy (Cash &amp; Cash equivalent, guaranteed  Capital,  counterparty  rating…).  We  continuously monitor  our  exposure  to  bank  counterparty  risks  and  are consistently working to improve our scoring model.

## 4.3.4.  LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS

## 4.3.4.1. We are subject to an ongoing investigation by the French Parquet National Financier related to historical projects in Equatorial Guinea, Ghana and Angola

We  are  subject  to  an  ongoing  investigation  by  the  French Parquet National Financier (' PNF ') related to certain historical  projects  in  Equatorial  Guinea,  Ghana  and  Angola. Technip Energies and TechnipFMC are cooperating and Technip Energies remains committed to finding a resolution with the PNF. The financial consequences of these investigations are to be retained by TechnipFMC by way of an indemnity  provided  by  TechnipFMC  to  the  Company  under the  Separation  and  Distribution  Agreement  entered  into  at the time of the Spin-off. As such, we will be dependent on TechnipFMC's  ability to fulfill its obligations under the Separation  and  Distribution  Agreement.  In  the  event  that TechnipFMC is unable to indemnify us for all or part of the amounts payable to us this could adversely affect could have a material adverse impact  on  our business, results of operations,  financial  condition  or  prospects.  A  resolution could  also  result  in  non-monetary  obligations  and  could include  plea  agreements  with  legal  entities.  If  we  cannot reach  a  resolution  with  the  PNF,  we  could  be  subject  to criminal proceedings in France, the outcome of which cannot be predicted. See section 5.7. Compliance Investigations and Legal Proceedings, for more details.

## 4.3.4.2. Existing or future laws and regulations relating to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change and the environment may adversely affect our business

Climate change continues to attract considerable public and scientific attention. As a result, numerous laws, regulations, and proposals have been made and are likely to continue to be made at the international, national, and regional levels of government to monitor and limit emissions of carbon dioxide, methane,  and  other  greenhouse  gases.  These  efforts  have included cap-and-trade programs, carbon taxes, greenhouse gas reporting and tracking programs  that directly limit greenhouse  gas  emissions  from  certain  sources.  The  EU taxonomy which is a classification system establishing a list of environmentally sustainable economic activities, is part of this evolving framework. See section 3.6.3. EU Green Taxonomy.

Such  existing  or  future  laws,  regulations,  and  proposals concerning the release of greenhouse gases or that concern climate  change  (including  laws,  regulations,  and  proposals that  seek  to  mitigate  the  effects  of  climate  change)  may adversely  impact  the  projects  we  participate  in  or  demand for the equipment, systems, and services we design, market, and  sell.  For  example,  oil  and  natural  gas  exploration  and production are expected to decline as a result of such laws, regulations, and proposals and as a consequence the sanctioning  of  certain  projects  we  provide  services  to  and demand for certain of our equipment, systems, and services are also expected to decline.

Under the EU Taxonomy Regulation which was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on June 22, 2020, and entered into force on July 12, 2020, the EU Commission has provided the list of environmentally sustainable activities which  includes  natural  gas  as  a  mean  to  facilitate  the transition towards a predominantly renewable-based future. The  companies  we  work  with  are  also  impacted  by  these regulations  which  could  increase  their  operating  costs  and reduce their margins. Clients are also expected to introduce internal  carbon  price  in  the  form  of  different  mechanisms (e.g. shadow price, internal fees, offsets) to support their low carbon  transition,  which  may  affect  demand  for  emissions intensive  products  and  services.  Therefore,  contracts  with our clients could be impacted.

The Company's facilities  and  operations  are  also  subject  to various  other  environmental  laws  and  regulations  in  the jurisdictions in which it operates. These environmental requirements may  include, among  other things, certain pollution control measures or limits for solid and hazardous wastes,  water  discharges  and  air  emissions,  and  measures relating to greenhouse gas emissions and/or the mitigation of climate change and may require businesses whose activities have  an  impact  on  the  environment  to  obtain  permits regulating those activities.

Existing  or  new  laws  that  are  being  adopted  requiring  that assessment, mitigation and prevention measures be taken in order  to  preserve  the  natural  habitats  of  flora  and  fauna could have the result of restricting, delaying or cancelling the projects on which we work for our clients.

Failure  to  comply  with  environmental  laws  and  regulations may result in the issuance of orders enjoining our operations, claims  and  complaints  in  administrative,  civil  or  criminal proceedings,  the  assessment  of  administrative,  civil,  and criminal penalties, an obligation to remediate any environmental damages (including damages to natural resources), and/or an obligation to take reasonable measures to prevent pollution or degradation of the environment from occurring, continuing or recurring.

Additionally, our insurance and compliance costs may increase  as  a  result  of  changes  in  environmental  laws  and regulations or changes in enforcement.

These laws and regulations are becoming increasingly strict and  could  by  increase  our  costs,  limit  the  demand  for  our products  and  services,  or  restrict  our  operations.  any  of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

Our  legal  and  compliance  teams  keep  up  to  date  on  the environmental  laws  and  regulations  that  are  applicable  to Technip Energies. Our HSE team have integrated these in its processes to which our insurance department also contributes.  On  a  longer-term  basis,  our  focus  on  energy transition is expected to allow us to reduce our exposure to oil and gas as well as environmental and climate risk.

Our  environmental  management  system  complies  with  the ISO 14001 standard. Our targets and actions to mitigate our environmental impacts and support our clients and partners to implement the best environmental standards and technologies are described in our ESG roadmap. See chapter 3. Sustainability.

<!-- image -->

## 4.3.4.3. Our success will be affected by the use and protection of our proprietary technology

Our  success  will  be  affected  by  our  development  and implementation  of  new  technology  and  improvements  to existing technology and by our ability to protect and maintain intellectual  property  assets  related  to  these  developments, as  well  as  to  intellectual  property  assets  and  rights  we already  hold.  We  seek  to  protect  the  intellectual  property rights in our proprietary technologies through a combination of  patent,  copyright,  and  trade  secret  laws.  However,  we cannot guarantee approval of patent applications filed throughout the world, nor of the scope of any issued patents. Furthermore, we may be subject to third-party challenges to our intellectual property.

In  addition,  we  endeavor  to  protect  our  technology  from misappropriation  and  unauthorized  use  by  third  parties  by limiting access to, and distribution of, our technology, and by customarily  entering  into  agreements  with  our  employees, customers, potential customers and suppliers to protect our technology. However, we cannot guarantee compliance with such agreements by third parties.

We may become involved in legal proceedings from time to time to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. Third  parties  may  initiate  litigation  against  us  by  asserting that  conduct  of  our  business  infringes,  misappropriates,  or otherwise  violates  such  third  parties'  intellectual  property rights. Any such claims, even those without merit, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend, and divert management's attention and resources. Further, we may not prevail in any such legal proceedings related to such claims, and  our  products  and  services  may  be  found  to  infringe, impair, misappropriate, dilute, or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others. The resolution of these claims could require us to enter into license agreements or develop alternative  technologies.  The  development  of  these technologies or the payment of royalties under licenses from third  parties,  if  available,  would  increase  our  costs  to  carry out  our  business.  If  a  license  were  not  available,  or  if  we were not able to develop alternative technologies, we might not  be  able  to  continue  providing  a  particular  service  or product, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations,  or cash  flows.  Further,  any  legal proceeding  concerning  intellectual  property  is  likely  to  be protracted  and  costly  and  is  inherently  unpredictable,  and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects of its outcome.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

We  seek  to  protect  the  intellectual  property  rights  in  our proprietary  technologies  and  enforce  such  rights  in  a  cost effective  manner.  We  further  engage  in  landscaping  and competitive  intelligence  activities  to  ascertain  freedom  to operate  in light of third-party intellectual  property  and detect third-party infringement of our intellectual property.

## 4.3.4.4. Potential liabilities arising from equipment malfunctions, equipment misuse, personal injuries, and natural disasters, as well as uninsured claims and litigation against us, could have a material adverse effect on the Company

Although such occurrences are rare, the industries in which we  operate  or  have  operated,  expose  the  Company  to potential liabilities arising from, among other events, equipment malfunctions, equipment misuse, personal injuries,  and  natural  disasters,  any  of  which  may  result  in hazardous situations.

Current  and  future  climate-related  weather  conditions  and chronic  changes  (in  temperatures  and  precipitations)  and acute extreme weather events (such as cyclones, hurricanes, typhoons, floods, heat waves and heavy precipitations) could also generate potential liability. In addition, increased temperatures,  and  severe  heatwaves,  notably  in  summer, could  have  health  and  safety  impacts  on  employees  and contractors  (notably  field  technicians  working  without  air conditioning  in  environments  with  high  temperature  and humidity) by increasing the occurrence of heat-related illnesses and the likelihood of injuries, accidents and fatalities as extreme heat can inhibit decision-making.

Whilst we have secured insurance coverage against operating hazards, including product liability claims and personal injury claims related to our projects or operating environments in which  our  employees  operate,  such  insurance  policies  are subject to exclusions and limitations. In 2022 Russia's invasion  of  Ukraine  was  one  such  example  and  has  had  a significant  impact  on  our  ability  to  insure  our  activities  in Russia,  Ukraine  and  Belarus.  Additionally,  the  nature  and amount of insurance that we may be able to secure may not be  sufficient  to  fully  indemnify  us  against  liabilities  arising out of pending and future claims and litigation.

Insurance may not be available in certain circumstances such as in Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Additionally, even if such insurance  is  available,  premiums  may  not  be  commercially justifiable as the insurance market has significantly worsened over the last year and a half. Our ability to secure insurance will  also  be  dependent  on  the  insurance  market's  then available capacity for risk of the type represented by Technip Energies. If we incur substantial liability the consequences of which are not covered by insurance or are in excess of policy limits, or if we were to incur liability at a time when it is not able to obtain insurance, such liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.

Additionally, in certain specific circumstances, certain proceedings or cases may also lead to our formal or informal exclusion from tenders or the revocation or loss of business licenses or permits.

The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse impact  on  our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

In  order  to  manage  these  risks,  we  have  entered  into different insurance programs covering our assets and liabilities.

We are party to a master insurance liability program, which covers  public  liability,  product  liability,  professional  liability, environmental liability  and  employment liability.  In  addition, we have secured insurance programs covering our real estate assets  and  other  properties.  We  also  cover  specific  liability exposure under financial lines which include, amongst other risks, Directors and Officers, crime and cyber risks.

## 4.3.4.5. TechnipFMC may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that were entered into as part of the Spinoff and its indemnification obligations may not be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of liabilities for which we may be allocated responsibility

In  connection  with  the  Spin-off  from  TechnipFMC,  Technip Energies N.V. has entered into the Separation and Distribution Agreement and into ancillary agreements related

## 4.3.5.  TAXATION RISKS

## 4.3.5.1 Technip Energies N.V. is subject to the tax laws of numerous jurisdictions; challenges to the interpretation of, or future changes to, such laws could adversely affect it

Technip Energies N.V. and its subsidiaries are subject to tax laws  and  regulations  in  the  Republic  of  France,  and  many other jurisdictions in which Technip Energies operates. These laws  and  regulations  are  inherently  complex,  and  Technip Energies N.V. is, and will continue to be, obligated to make judgments and interpretations about the application of these laws  and  regulations  to  its  operations  and  businesses.  The interpretation and application of these laws and regulations could be challenged by the relevant governmental authorities,  which  could  result  in  administrative  or  judicial procedures, actions, or sanctions, which could be material.

The French or Dutch Governments, the European Union, the U.S.  Congress,  the  Organization  for  Economic  Cooperation and  Development  (' OECD '),  and  other  government  agencies in jurisdictions where Technip Energies N.V. and its affiliates do business, have had an extended focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. New tax initiatives,  directives,  and  rules,  such  as  the  OECD's  Base Erosion  and  Profit  Shifting  initiative,  the  European  Union's Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives and the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act,  may  increase  Technip  Energies  N.V.'s  tax  burden  and

RISKS TO WHICH WE ARE SUBJECT

to  the  Spin-off  with  TechnipFMC  which  agreements  remain executory including a tax matters agreement and an employee  matters  agreement.  We  rely  on  TechnipFMC  to satisfy  TechnipFMC's  performance  and  payment  obligations under  these  agreements  as  TechnipFMC  has  agreed  to indemnify Technip Energies for certain liabilities.

The  indemnity  from  TechnipFMC  may  not  be  sufficient  to protect  us  against  the  full  amount  of  such  liabilities,  and TechnipFMC may not be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future.

Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from TechnipFMC any amounts for which it is held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses. Conversely, we have  agreed  to  indemnify  TechnipFMC  for  certain  liabilities. Indemnities that we may be required to provide TechnipFMC may not be subject to any cap, may be significant and could negatively impact our financial condition.

Third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that TechnipFMC has agreed to retain.

The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse impact  on  our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.

require additional compliance-related expenditures. The occurrence  of  any  of  the  foregoing  could  have  a  material adverse impact  on  our business, results of operations, financial  condition  or  prospects.  Further  changes,  including with  retroactive  effect,  in  the  tax  laws  of  the  Republic  of France,  the  European  Union  or  other  countries  in  which Technip Energies N.V. and its affiliates do business could also adversely affect it.

Finally,  we  anticipate  that  tax  authorities  may  be  more aggressive  in  their  audits,  and  as  a  result  we  may  see  an increase in future tax charges.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

The precautionary principle is used in all the interpretations and judgments made about the application of these laws and regulations.  Technip  Energies  N.V.  employs  in-house  tax experts in charge of advising the business and finance teams about the tax consequences of our operations. When the law is  particularly  complex  or  when  there  is  uncertainty  about interpretation, external tax advice is requested from international tax firms.

In  addition,  according  to  our  tax  principles,  all  international contracts signed by us should include contractual protection against  incremental  tax  costs  which  could  arise  from  a change in tax regulations, interpretations and practices.

<!-- image -->

## 4.3.5.2. Technip Energies N.V. intends to be treated exclusively as a resident of France for tax purposes, but Dutch or other tax authorities may seek to treat it as a tax resident of another jurisdiction

Technip Energies N.V. is a company incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands but effectively managed in France. Technip  Energies  N.V.  is  considered  a  tax  resident  of  the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes based on the so-called Dutch  incorporation  fiction.  Therefore,  in  principle,  Technip Energies N.V. is subject to Dutch corporate income tax and dividend  withholding  tax.  Since  its  incorporation,  Technip Energies N.V. has also been subject to all French taxes and related  compliance  requirements  applicable  to  French  tax resident companies. Dividends distributed by Technip Energies N.V. are subject to French taxation rules as well.

Based  on  the  Convention  between  the  Governments  of  the Kingdom of the Netherlands and the Republic of France for the avoidance of double taxation and the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income and capital (' France-Netherlands  Tax  Treaty '),  the  Netherlands  should be restricted in imposing Dutch tax where Technip Energies N.V.'s  'effective  place  of  management'  is  located  in  France and  Technip  Energies  N.V.  is  thus  a  tax  resident  of  France under the France-Netherlands Tax Treaty.

The  test  of  'effective  place  of  management'  is  largely  a question of facts and circumstances. The relevant case law and  OECD  guidance  suggest  that  Technip  Energies  N.V.  is likely to be regarded as having become a French tax resident from incorporation and remaining so as long as, (i) Meetings of its Board of Directors (the ' Technip Energies N.V. Board ', and each member of the Technip Energies N.V. Board being a ' N.V.  Director ')  are  prepared  and  held  in  France  (and  none will be prepared and held in the Netherlands) with a majority of N.V. Directors present in France for those Meetings; (ii) at those  Meetings  there  are  full  discussions  of,  and  decisions are made  regarding, the key strategic issues affecting Technip Energies N.V. and its subsidiaries; (iii) those Meetings are  properly  minuted;  (iv)  a  majority  of  the  N.V.  Directors, together with supporting staff, senior executives and management are based in France; (v) Technip Energies N.V. has  permanent  staffed  office  premises  in  France  and  (vi) maintains its accounting records in France.

Technip Energies N.V. has obtained a written recognition of its French tax residency in an agreement dated March 7, 2022 in which the Dutch Tax Authorities have confirmed that the effective  place  of  management  of  Technip  Energies  N.V. should  be  considered  as  being  in  France  and  that  Technip Energies  N.V.  is  therefore  tax  resident  of  France  within  the meaning of the France-Netherlands Tax Treaty. Notwithstanding  the  Dutch  Tax  Authorities'  confirmation  on Technip Energies N.V.'s French tax residency, the incorporation fiction of the Dutch domestic law still determines  that  dividends  distributed  by  Technip  Energies N.V.  are  in  principle  subject  to  Dutch  dividend  withholding tax  unless  the  Dutch  resident  Shareholder  is  entitled  to  a Dutch  dividend  withholding  tax  exemption.  Based  on  the restrictions provided for in the France-Netherlands  Tax treaty, this results in the fact that only dividends distributed by Technip Energies N.V. to Dutch tax resident Shareholders are in principle subject to Dutch dividend withholding tax. As a  consequence,  dividends  paid  to  Technip  Energies  N.V.'s Dutch resident Shareholders could be subject to both French and Dutch dividend withholding tax.

Technip Energies N.V. should also be considered as a French tax resident company for purposes of tax treaties concluded by  the  Republic  of  France  with  other  countries.  However, whether  Technip  Energies  N.V.  qualifies  for  benefits  under other treaties will depend on the requirements contained in each treaty and applicable domestic laws, on the facts and circumstances surrounding Technip Energies N.V.'s operations and management, and on the relevant interpretation of the tax authorities and courts.

The  failure  by  Technip  Energies  N.V.  to  qualify  for  benefits under  tax  treaties  entered  into  between  the  Republic  of France  and  other  countries  could  result  in  adverse  tax consequences (including an increased tax burden and increased  filing  obligations)  and  could  result  in  certain  tax consequences of owning and disposing  of  Technip  Energies N.V.'s shares.

The agreement signed with the Dutch Tax Authorities together  with  the  French  tax  residency  certificate  delivered by the French tax authorities will help to ascertain Technip Energies  N.V.'s  qualification  for  benefits  under  tax  treaties entered  into  between  the  Republic  of  France  and  other countries.

## How this risk is managed/mitigation plan:

Technip Energies N.V. has obtained a written recognition of its French tax residency in an agreement dated March 7, 2022 in  which  the  Dutch  Tax  Authorities  have  confirmed that, as long as the factors regarding its effective place of management  are  present  at  all  material  times,  Technip Energies  N.V.  is  a  tax  resident  of  France  solely  within  the meaning of the France-Netherlands Tax Treaty.

As mentioned above, this means that Technip Energies N.V. should  be  considered  a  French  tax  resident  under  the France-Netherlands  Tax  Treaty.  This  is  also  expected  for other tax treaties concluded by the Republic of France with other countries.

However,  profit  distributions  by  Technip  Energies  N.V.  to Dutch  tax  resident  Shareholders  remain  technically  subject to Dutch dividend withholding tax, to the extent these Dutch tax resident Shareholders cannot apply an exemption. In line with  the  aforementioned  agreement,  Technip  Energies  N.V. will,  in  principle,  not  effectively  withhold  Dutch  dividend withholding tax on profit distributions to Dutch tax resident Shareholders. This is either due to the fact that, as a base rule,  the  company  will  bear  the  withholding  tax  burden  or, alternatively,  an  exemption  is  applicable.  Technip  Energies N.V.  could,  however,  decide  to  withhold  Dutch  dividend withholding tax in certain scenarios, for example in the event of a Dutch corporate income tax-exempt Shareholder that is known to be eligible to a refund of the amount withheld.

The  Dutch  Tax  authorities  have  acknowledged  that,  as  a listed  company,  Technip  Energies  N.V.  does  not  have  a complete  overview  of  which  country  the  Shareholders  are resident  in.  Therefore,  they  have  accepted  that  Technip Energies  N.V.  will  pay  and  bear  the  cost  of  Dutch  dividend withholding tax based on the most accurate estimate possible of the part of its Shareholder base that is attributable to the relevant group of residents of the Netherlands.  This  estimate  should  be  performed  with  the assistance of an external party with expertise in this field.

The  costs  incurred  by  Technip  Energies  in  connection  with dividends  distribution  will  thus  include  the  Dutch  dividend withholding  tax  at  the  effective  tax  rate  of  approximately

## RISK AND RISK MANAGEMENT

RISKS TO WHICH WE ARE SUBJECT

17.6% which corresponds to a gross-up of the Dutch dividend withholding  tax  at  the  rate  of  15%  applicable  to  dividends paid to non-tax-exempted Dutch Shareholders. This incremental dividend cost will vary in proportion to the part of  the  Shareholders  base  attributable  to  relevant  group  of Dutch  tax  residents  and  should  be  reassessed  each  time dividends are distributed.

Please note that tax considerations associated with (currently  enacted)  laws  which  are  not  in  force  as  of  this date have not been addressed in this section.

## 4.3.5.3. U.S. tax risks in relation to the Spin-off

Shareholders  should  also  consider  a  specific  U.S.  taxation risk  that  would  arise  should  the  United  States  Internal Revenue  Service  not  agree  that  Technip  Energies  N.V.  is  a foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result  of  the  Spin-off.  For  a  full  description  of  this  risk please  refer  to  the  Spin-off  Prospectus  dated  February  9, 2021, which was filed with the Autoriteit Financiële Markten . See  sections  entitled  ' The  IRS  may  not  agree  that  Technip Energies is a foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the Spin-off. ',  ' The IRS may assert that IRC section 7874 applies to the Spin-off as a result of TechnipFMC  being  treated  as  a  U.S.  corporation. ', ' IRC section 7874 may limit the ability of Technip Energies' U.S. affiliates to use certain tax attributes following the Spin-off, increase  such  U.S.  affiliates'  U.S.  taxable  income  or  have adverse  consequences  to  Shareholders. '  and  ' If  Technip Energies  is  a  passive  foreign  investment  company,  U.S. holders  of  Technip  Energies  Shares  could  be  subject  to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. ', at pages 34 to 36 of the Spin-off Prospectus.

The Spin-off Prospectus is available at https:// investors.technipenergies.com/events-presentations/ separation-transaction under the name 'Technip Energies EU Prospectus'.  The  Spin-off  Prospectus  can  also  be  obtained on the AFM's website at https://www.afm.nl/en/sector/ registers/meldingenregisters/goedgekeurde-prospectussen/ details?id=100524&amp;KeyWords=technip+energies.

<!-- image -->

## 4.3.6.  RISKS RELATED TO THE OWNERSHIP OF TECHNIP ENERGIES SHARES

## 4.3.6.1. Because Technip Energies N.V. is organized under the laws of the Netherlands as a public limited liability company, the ability of its Shareholders in certain countries other than the Netherlands, in particular in the U.S., to bring an action against Technip Energies may be limited under law

Most  of  our  Directors  and  senior  managers  are  citizens  or residents of countries other than the U.S. All or a substantial proportion  of  the  assets  of  these  individuals  are  located outside  the  U.S.  In  addition,  a  majority  of  our  assets  are located outside of the U.S. As a result, it may be impossible or  difficult  for  investors  to  effect  service  of  process  within the U.S. upon such persons or Technip Energies or to enforce against  them  in  U.S.  courts  a  judgment  obtained  in  such courts.  In  addition,  there  is  doubt  as  to  the  enforceability, in the Netherlands, of original actions or actions for enforcement based on the federal or state securities laws of the  U.S.  or  judgments  of  U.S.  courts,  including  judgments based  on  the  civil  liability  provisions  of  the  U.S.  federal  or state securities laws.

The U.S. and the Netherlands do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition  and  enforcement  of judgments, other than arbitration awards, in civil and commercial matters. The Company has been advised by its Dutch  counsel  that  a  judgment  rendered  by  a  court  in  the U.S. will not be recognized and enforced by the Dutch courts; however, if a person has obtained a final judgment without appeal in such a matter rendered by a court in the U.S. that is  enforceable  in  the  U.S.  and  such  person  files  his  or  her claim with the competent Dutch court, the Dutch court will recognize and give effect to such foreign judgment insofar as it  finds  that  (i)  the  jurisdiction  of  the  U.S.  court  has  been based  on grounds which  are internationally acceptable, (ii)  proper  legal  procedures  have  been  observed,  (iii)  the judgment  does  not  contravene  Dutch  public  policy  and (iv)  the  judgment is not irreconcilable with a judgment of a Dutch court or an earlier judgment of a foreign court that is capable of being recognized in the Netherlands.

## 4.3.6.2. HAL Investments and BPI have the ability to exert substantial influence over us and their interests may differ from the interests of other Shareholders

As  of  December  31,  2022,  Hal  Investments  and  BPI  held 11.79%  and  8.91%,  respectively,  of  Technip  Energies  Shares. See section 5.1.6.4. Agreements with TechnipFMC and BPI, for a description of certain agreements entered into by Technip Energies and BPI. See also section 5.2.1. Description of Share Capital for information relating to Shareholders holding more than 3% of the Company's total voting rights.

The  interests  of  BPI  and  Hal  Investments  may  be  different from  those  of  other  Shareholders.  This  concentration  of ownership  by  BPI  and  Hal  Investments  and  the  nomination rights conferred to BPI with regard to the composition of the Technip Energies Board may delay, deter or prevent acts that would be favored by Technip Energies N.V.'s other Shareholders. For example, BPI's or Hal Investments' influence  could  delay,  defer,  or  prevent  a  sale  of  Technip Energies N.V. that other Shareholders support, or, conversely, this influence could result in the consummation  of a transaction that other Shareholders do not support.

## 4.3.6.3. Percentage ownership in Technip Energies N.V. may be diluted in the future

On February 15, 2021, prior to the closing of the Spin-off, the general meeting of shareholders of Technip Energies N.V. (the " General  Meeting ")  adopted  a  resolution  pursuant  to  which the Technip Energies Board is authorized, for a period of five years from February 16, 2021, to issue shares and grant rights to  subscribe  for  shares  up  to  the  entire  Technip  Energies' authorized share capital from time to time. Consequently  a Shareholder's  percentage  of  ownership  in  Technip  Energies N.V. may be diluted without further Shareholder approval via the  issuance  of  Technip  Energies  Shares  by  the  Board  for purposes  of  (among    others)  consummating  acquisitions  or capital  markets  transactions,  or  via  other  equity  issuances, including  equity  awards  that  Technip  Energies  N.V.  may grant  to  Directors  (see  Chapter  6  Remuneration  report), members of senior management, and employees for purposes  of employee  incentive award  plans. Directors, senior management and employees have thus been granted rights to receive Technip Energies Shares, including restricted stock  units  (' RSUs ')  and  performance  stock  units  (' PSUs '), and may be  awarded additional rights to receive RSUs and PSUs  in  the  future.  Employees  may  also  participate  in Employee  Stock  Ownership  Programs.  See  section  5.3.3. Employee  share  schemes.  These  programs  may  have  a dilutive effect on Technip Energies N.V.'s earnings per share, which  could  adversely  affect  the  market  price  of  Technip Energies Shares.

## 4.3.6.4. No assurance can be given that Technip Energies N.V. will pay or declare dividends

There  can  be  no  assurance  that  Technip  Energies  N.V.  will pay or declare dividends in the future. The determination of the Technip Energies Board as to whether to resolve upon a dividend  will  depend  upon  many  factors,  including  Technip Energies N.V.'s financial condition, earnings, corporate strategy,  capital  requirements  of  its  operating  subsidiaries, covenants,  legal  requirements  to  which  Technip  Energies  is subject,  and  other  factors  deemed  relevant  by  the  Technip Energies Board.

## 4.3.6.5. Holders of ADRs are subject to the terms of the deposit agreement governing Technip Energies' ADR program

Technip Energies maintains a sponsored ADR program in the United States. Technip Energies' ADRs are not listed on any national securities exchange in the United States or quoted on  any  automated  inter-dealer  quotation  system  in  the United States and trade over-the-counter. There are important differences between the rights of holders of ADRs and the non-U.S. stock that such ADRs represent. The ADRs are issued pursuant to a deposit agreement that sets forth the  rights  and  responsibilities  of  Technip  Energies  N.V.,  the depositary  bank  and  holders  of  ADRs.  Such  rights  and responsibilities of holders of ADRs may be different from the rights  and  responsibilities  of  holders  of  Technip  Energies Shares.  Technip  Energies  N.V.  may  make  distributions  in respect of the Technip Energies Shares that are not passed on to the holders of its ADRs. Any such differences between the  rights  of  holders  of  ADRs  and  the  rights  of  holders  of Technip Energies Shares may be significant and may materially and adversely affect the value of the ADRs and, as a result, the value of such investors' securities.

In  addition,  as  a  result  of  fluctuations  in  the  exchange  rate between  the  U.S. dollar and  the euro, the U.S. dollar equivalent  of  any  cash  dividends  paid  in  euros  on  Technip Energies Shares represented by the ADRs could also decline, thereby reducing the value of such investor's securities.

RISKS TO WHICH WE ARE SUBJECT

## 4.3.6.6. Shareholders outside the Netherlands may suffer dilution if they are unable to exercise preemptive rights in future offerings

In the event of an increase in Technip Energies N.V.'s share capital, Shareholders are generally entitled to full preemptive rights unless these rights are limited or excluded either (i) by virtue of Dutch law, (ii) a resolution of the General Meeting upon the proposal of the Technip Energies Board, or (iii),  a resolution  of  the  Technip  Energies  Board,  if  the  Technip Energies Board has been authorized to do so by the General Meeting  in  accordance  with  the  Articles  of  Association. Certain  Shareholders  outside  the  Netherlands  may  not  be able  to  exercise  preemptive  rights,  and  therefore  suffer dilution,  unless  local  securities  laws  have  been  complied with.

In  particular,  a  beneficial  owner  of  Technip  Energies Shares who is also (i) a citizen or individual resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state therein or the District of Columbia; or (iii)  an  estate  or  trust  the  income  of  which  is  subject  to U.S.  federal  income  taxation  regardless  of  its  source  of shares may not be able to exercise its preemptive rights or participate  in  a  rights  offer,  as  the  case  may  be,  unless  a registration statement under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as  amended,  is  effective  with  respect  to  such  rights  or  an exemption  from  the  registration  requirements  is  available. Technip Energies N.V. intends to evaluate at the time of any issue  of  shares  subject  to  preemptive  rights  or  in  a  rights offer, as the case may be, the costs and potential liabilities associated with any such registration statement, as well as the  indirect  benefits  to  it  of  enabling  the  exercise  of  such holders of their preemptive rights to shares or participation in a rights offer, as the case may be, and any other factors considered  appropriate  at  the  time  and  then  to  make  a decision as to whether to file such a registration statement. Technip  Energies  N.V.  cannot  assure  investors  that  any registration  statement  would  be  filed  as  to  enable  the exercise of such holders' preemptive rights or participation in a rights offer.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| 5.1.  THE TECHNIP ENERGIES  BOARD  186  5.1.1.  A One-tier board structure  186  5.1.2.  Board composition  187  5.1.3.  Current Board  188  5.1.4.  Board skills and experience matrix  193  5.1.5.  Board stakeholder engagement  195  5.1.6.  Appointment and dismissal  of Directors  195  5.1.7.  Rules relating to the Board  of Directors  196  5.1.8.  2022 Board of Directors Meetings  198  5.1.9.  2022 Board Committee Meetings  201  5.2.  SHARE CAPITAL  206  5.2.1.  Description of Share Capital  206  5.2.2.  Board of Directors and issuance of  shares  207  5.2.3.  Preemptive rights  207  5.2.4.  Repurchase of Technip Energies  shares  207  5.2.5.  Capital reduction  208  5.2.6.  Transfer of shares  208  5.3.  AGREEMENTS AFFECTING  CONTROL  OF TECHNIP ENERGIES  209  5.3.1.  Agreements between Shareholders  209  5.3.2.  Change of control agreements  209  5.3.3.  Employee share schemes  209  5.3.4.  Transactions between  Technip Energies and  10% Shareholders  210  5.4.  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  STATEMENT  211  5.4.1.  Dutch Corporate Governance Code,  'Comply or Explain'  211  5.4.2.  Diversity Policy  212  5.5.  BOARD MEMBERS  INDEPENDENCE  REQUIREMENTS  213  5.6.  SHAREHOLDERS GENERAL  MEETINGS  213  5.6.1.  Functioning of meetings  214  5.6.2.  Right to attend Shareholders'  Meeting  214  5.6.3.  Amendment to the Articles of  Association  214  5.7.  COMPLIANCE  INVESTIGATIONS AND LEGAL  PROCEEDINGS  215   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

In  this  section  of  the  Annual  Report,  we  describe  relevant elements of our corporate governance practices and provide the information required by the Dutch governmental Decree on  Corporate  Governance  ( Besluit  inhoud  bestuursverslag ), including how we apply the principles and best practices of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code (the ' Code '), and the governmental Decree on Article 10 Takeover Directive ( Besluit artikel  10  overnamerichtlijn ).  The  Code,  which  was  updated December  20,  2022,  is  publicly  available  on  the  Monitoring Commission Corporate Governance Code website at www.mccg.nl.

Technip  Energies N.V. is governed  by  the laws of the Netherlands (in particular Volume 2 of the Dutch Civil Code), the Code (on a comply or explain basis) and by its articles of association  (the  ' Articles  of  Association ').  The  Articles  of Association are publicly available on Technip Energies N.V.'s website at www.technipenergies.com/about/governance.

Technip Energies N.V. is subject to various legal provisions of the  Dutch  Financial  Supervision  Act  ( Wet  op  het  financieel toezicht ) (the ' WFT '). In addition, given that its shares trade on  the  Euronext  Paris  Stock  Exchange,  a  regulated  market, Technip  Energies  N.V.  is  also  subject  to  certain  laws  and regulations in France.

## 5.1. THE TECHNIP ENERGIES BOARD

The Technip Energies N.V. Board has the powers, authorities and duties vested in it by and pursuant to Dutch Law and the Articles of Association. In carrying out its responsibilities, the Board of Technip Energies N.V. is focused on long-term value creation for Technip Energies and its business, and takes into account stakeholder interests that are relevant in this regard.

In  furtherance  of  these  objectives,  the  Board  combines  the experience,  qualifications  and  skills  needed  to  help  the Company  address the world's ever-increasing need for energy  transition.  See  also  section  5.1.4.  Board  skills  and experience matrix.

## 5.1.1. A ONE-TIER BOARD STRUCTURE

Technip Energies has a one-tier board structure comprising Executive and Non-Executive Directors. The Board is responsible for discussing and approving the strategy developed and proposed by the CEO and for the supervision of its implementation by the CEO and the management team. The  Board  is  also  responsible  for  the  CEO  selection  and succession process, the supervision of the CEO's performance  of  duties  and  performance  of  the  general management  of  the  Company,  and  it  assists  the  CEO  by providing  advice  and  direction.  With  respect  to  Technip Energies' general affairs and business, the Board's responsibility  is  one  of  oversight.  It  is  the  responsibility  of the  CEO  and  management  to  conduct  Technip  Energies' operations and prepare documents, whether or not in cooperation with the Non-Executive Directors, in accordance with  applicable  laws  and  regulations,  and  of  the  external statutory auditor to audit its financial statements.

The  CEO  is  primarily  responsible  for:  (i)  the  day-to-day operations  of  the  Company;  (ii)  the  development,  proposal and implementation of the strategy; and (iii)  serving  as  the principal external spokesperson for the Company with analysts, investors, media and clients.

Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the Technip Energies Board's  regulations  set  out  its  internal  organization,  the manner in which decisions are taken, the composition, duties and  organization  of  Committees  and  any  other  matters concerning  the  Executive  Director,  Non-Executive  Directors and  Committees.  The  Technip  Energies  Board  rules  (the ' Board Rules ')  set  out  its  decision-making rules. The Board Rules are available online at www.technipenergies.com/ about/governance along with Technip Energies' other governance  documents.  Also,  see  section  5.1.7.1.  Decision making.

Technip  Energies  complies  with  the  Non-Executive  Director independence requirements of the Code. The Board annually assesses and reports on the independence of the individual Non-Executive Directors within the meaning of the Code. See section 5.5. Board members independence requirements.

Technip Energies' principal place of business, located at 2126, Boulevard de La Défense, 92000 Nanterre, France, serves as the business address for all Directors and members of Senior Management.

In  accordance  with  Dutch  law,  Technip  Energies  N.V.  has separated the functions of Chair and CEO. The Board designates an Executive Director as CEO. If there is only one Executive Director in office, he or she will automatically be the  CEO.  The  Technip  Energies  Board  will  designate  one  of the  Non-Executive  Directors  as  Chair.  The  Board  may  grant other titles to Directors as the Board deems appropriate.

The Technip Energies Board has instituted an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and an Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (the ' ESG Committee ')  and  appointed  its  members  from  among  the Non-Executive Directors. The ESG Committee's charter also includes the responsibilities of a nomination committee. See section 5.1.9. 2022 Board Committee Meetings.

The  Technip  Energies  Board  as  a  whole  is  authorized  to represent  Technip  Energies.  In  addition,  Technip  Energies may be represented by an Executive Director acting individually.  The  Technip  Energies  Board  may  also  appoint individuals ( procuratiehouders ) with general or limited power to represent the Company. Each of these individuals is able to  represent  Technip  Energies  subject  to  any  restrictions imposed on him or her.

## 5.1.2.  BOARD COMPOSITION

The Technip Energies N.V. Board may consist of a maximum of  12  members,  except  in  such  circumstances  where  the Technip  Energies Board  would  determine  that  a  higher number of Board members would be required or appropriate. The Board considers that the optimal size of the Board is not more than 12 Directors as it allows the Company to benefit from  a  panel  of  experienced  professionals  having  a  diverse skill  set  yet  not  so  large  as  to  hinder  the  ability  of  the Directors  to  have  meaningful  and  inclusive  debates  and discussions.  As  one  of  the  Directors,  Didier  Houssin,  is retiring from the Board and one additional Director, Stephanie Cox, is being proposed for appointment,  the Board will be comprised of ten Directors should the proposed slate be voted in at the May 10, 2023, Annual General Meeting.

The desired composition of the Board of Technip Energies is such  that  the Board  has  the  requisite mix  of specific experience, qualifications, skills and gender diversity to ensure  that,  as  a  whole,  it  has  the  necessary  means  to perform its function effectively. For more about the Board's commitment to diversity see section 5.4.2. Diversity Policy.

As stated in the Board Rules, the desired composition of the Technip  Energies  Board  includes  specific  areas  of  expertise and backgrounds, including those listed below. The Board has applied  these  considerations  in  developing  the  Board  skills and experience matrix discussed in section 5.1.4. Board skills and experience matrix.

Areas of expertise and background are:

- ■ experience relevant to the Company's industry;
- ■ experience in advanced processes and technologies;
- ■ financial administration and accounting, and internal risk management and control systems;
- ■ management strategy and risks;
- ■ compliance,  corporate  governance,  stock  exchange  rules and stakeholder management;
- ■ experience in sustainable business practices and in corporate social responsibility matters;
- ■ international  experience  in  markets  and  products  in  the Company's current and prospective fields; and
- ■ expertise and experience in corporate management.

In addition, the Board and the ESG Committee, as applicable, will consider whether there are potential conflicts of interest with a candidate's other personal and professional pursuits. This assessment is made at least once a year and each time a potential conflict of interest is reported to the Chair of the Board. See section 5.1.7.3. Conflicts of interest.

<!-- image -->

## 5.1.3.  CURRENT BOARD

The current Board has ten members, comprised of one Executive Director and nine Non-Executive Directors.  The Executive Director and all of the current Non-Executive Directors, with the exception of Mr. Didier Houssin who has decided to retire from the Board, have been nominated by the Board for reappointment at the 2023 Annual General Meeting. Ms. Stephanie Cox has been nominated by the Board as a first time Director for appointment at the 2023 Annual General Meeting.

## Joseph Rinaldi \_ Independent Director

65 years old Australian, American and Italian

<!-- image -->

Chairman of the Board

## CURRICULUM VITAE

Joseph Rinaldi is the Managing Partner of Fennecourt Partners, an investment management and consulting firm. He is a retired partner in the international law firm of Davis Polk &amp; Wardwell, where  he  advised  companies,  financial  institutions  and  board  of  directors  on  corporate governance  issues,  public  and  private  mergers  and  acquisitions,  financing  and  capital  markets transactions, corporate law and securities laws, with a particular focus on international and cross border matters.

From 2002 to 2007, he was the senior partner in the Paris office of Davis Polk &amp; Wardwell, after joining in 1984 and becoming a partner in 1990.

Mr. Rinaldi holds degrees in both Economics and Law from the University of Sydney as well as a master's degree in law from University of Virginia School of Law.

## OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- None

## Arnaud Pieton \_ Executive Director

49 years old French Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

## CURRICULUM VITAE

Arnaud Pieton is Chief Executive Officer of Technip Energies. Mr. Pieton served as President of TechnipFMC's Subsea business segment from October 2018 to October 2020. From January 2017 to October 2018, Mr. Pieton served as Executive Vice President People &amp; Culture of TechnipFMC. From January 2004 to January 2017, Mr. Pieton served in a number of leadership positions at Technip,  including  as  President  Asia  Pacific  Region  covering  subsea  and  onshore/offshore operations and other subsea assignments in Paris, Houston and Kuala Lumpur. Prior to joining Technip in 2004, he held several positions at Serimax, part of Vallourec Group.

Mr.  Pieton  holds  a  master's  degree  in  material  science  &amp;  welding  from  Polytech  Nantes  and attended executive education programs at The University of Chicago Booth School of Business.

## OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- None

OTHER CURRENT PRIVATE BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- None

## OTHER CURRENT PRIVATE BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- Fennecourt Partners LLC: Managing Partner

## Arnaud Caudoux \_ Independent Director

52 years old French Member of the Audit Committee

<!-- image -->

## CURRICULUM VITAE

Arnaud Caudoux is currently Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of Bpifrance, a  French  state-owned  investment  bank,  in  charge  of  the  Finance,  Risk  Management,  IT,  and Guarantee business line. He was formerly Chief Financial Officer and a member of the Executive Board of Bpifrance from 2013 to 2015. He also served as Deputy Chief Executive Officer of OSEO from 2008 to 2012 and Managing Director of OSEO Garantie (formerly Sofaris) from 2004 to 2008. From 2003 to 2004, Mr. Caudoux was Chief Credit Risk and IT Officer of Sofaris.

Mr. Caudoux began his career in 1997 at Accenture as a consultant before joining A.T. Kearney in 2001.

Mr. Caudoux graduated from École Polytechnique and holds a degree in economics from École Nationale des Ponts et Chaussées.

## OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- None

## Colette Cohen \_ Independent Director

54 years old

<!-- image -->

British and Irish Member of the Compensation Committee, member of the ESG Committee

## CURRICULUM VITAE

Colette Cohen is the Chief Executive Officer for the Net-Zero Technology Centre, an organization committed to the development and deployment of technology to accelerate the transition to an affordable net-zero future. She has worked in the industry for over 25 years, having held senior positions within industry leaders such as BP, ConocoPhillips and Centrica E&amp;P, both in the UK and internationally.  Ms.  Cohen  is  a  Commissioner  for  the  Just  Transition  Commission  for  Scotland and a member of the Technology Leadership Board for the UK Government.

Ms. Cohen is an ambassador for Powerful Women.

Ms. Cohen holds a degree in Pure &amp; Applied Chemistry from Queen's University Belfast, as well as a master's in Project Management &amp; Economics from CERAM (France) and an honorary PhD from Aberdeen University.

In 2020, Ms. Cohen was awarded the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for services to the Oil and Gas industry.

## OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- Norwegian Energy Company ASA: Director

## OTHER CURRENT PRIVATE BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- Net-Zero Technology Centre: Chief Executive Officer and Director
- DeepOcean Group AS: Director
- Flylogix: Chair of the Board

## OTHER CURRENT PRIVATE BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- Bpifrance S.A.: Executive Director and Deputy General Manager
- Younited S.A.: Permanent Representative as a Director

<!-- image -->

## Marie-Ange Debon \_ Independent Director

57 years old French Chair of the Audit Committee

<!-- image -->

## CURRICULUM VITAE

Marie-Ange Debon has acted as Chairwoman of the Keolis Group Executive Board since August 2020. Prior to joining Keolis, Ms. Debon was Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Suez Group, a global water and waste company she joined in 2008. She held various positions at Suez: CEO for France  (from  2018  to  2020),  CEO  for  international  (from  2013  to  2018)  and  General  Secretary (from  2008  to  2013).  From  1998  to  2008,  Ms.  Debon  served  as  General  Secretary  of  Thomson (now Technicolor), and, prior to that, served as Deputy Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Thomson, Ms. Debon served in various positions in both the public and private sectors, including as Senior Executive Vice President of television broadcaster France 3 from 1994 to 1998 and as Magistrate to the French Audit Court (Cour des Comptes) from 1990 to 1994.

She has been Vice President of MEDEF International (Mouvement des entreprises de France), an international branch of the French Business association, since 2016. She was a member of the AMF (Autorité des Marchés Financiers) from 2008 to 2014.

Ms.  Debon  holds  a  master's  degree  in  business  from  HEC  Paris  and  a  master's  degree  in economics and public administration from École Nationale d'Administration.

## OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- Arkema S.A.: Director, Chair of the Audit Committee

## Simon Eyers \_ Independent Director

58 years old British Member of the Audit Committee

<!-- image -->

## CURRICULUM VITAE

Simon Eyers is a Senior Advisor to Next Energy Capital, a leading European investor in renewable energy. Until January 2022, Simon Eyers served as Chairman of Evrythng, a leading provider of cloud-based traceability data services to the consumer products industry, and as a Director of Trident Energy. Mr. Eyers served as Managing Director of Warburg Pincus International from 2012 to  2018  focusing  on  energy  investments,  and  as  a  Senior  Advisor  until  the  end  of  2020  upon retirement from his full-time role. He was a founding partner of 4D Global Energy Advisors, a private equity firm based in Paris specializing in the energy sector, serving from 2002 to 2012. Mr. Eyers previously held executive leadership roles in various technology ventures prior to which he worked for 13 years in energy investment banking.

Mr. Eyers holds a BSc. in electrical and electronic engineering from the University of Edinburgh.

## OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- None

## OTHER CURRENT PRIVATE BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- None

## OTHER CURRENT PRIVATE BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- Keolis Group S.A.S.: Executive Chair

## Alison Goligher \_ Independent Director

57 years old

<!-- image -->

British and Irish Chair of the Compensation Committee and member of the ESG Committee

## CURRICULUM VITAE

Alison Goligher is the Executive Chair of Silixa, a private equity-backed Distributed Fibre Optic company  working  in  the  energy  sector,  a  role  she  has  held  since  2016.  From  2006  to  2015, Ms. Goligher held various executive leadership roles at Royal Dutch Shell, most recently serving as  Executive  Vice  President  Unconventionals,  Upstream  International  in  The  Netherlands. Ms. Goligher began her career at Schlumberger as a wireline field engineer. She spent 17 years at Schlumberger  working  internationally,  and  progressing  into  more  senior,  global  leadership positions  in  operations  and  technology,  eventually  becoming  its  Vice  President  of  Production Management, Integrated Project Management.

Ms.  Goligher  graduated  from  Edinburgh  University  with  BSc  in  Mathematical  Physics  and  also holds a master's degree in Petroleum Engineering from Heriot-Watt University.

In 2005, Ms. Goligher was recognized as an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for services to the Oil and Gas industry.

## OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- United Utilities Group Plc.: Director

## Didier Houssin \_ Independent Director

65 years old French Chair of the ESG

<!-- image -->

Committee

## CURRICULUM VITAE

Didier  Houssin  served  as  Chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  IFP  Energies  Nouvelles,  a research and training company in the fields of energy, transport, and the environment, from 2015 until 2020. From 2012 to 2015, he was Director of Sustainable Energy Policy and Technology at the IEA (International Energy Agency) and was responsible for the development of low-carbon technologies and energy. From 2007 to 2012, he was Director of Energy Markets and Security at the IEA and was responsible for analyzing energy markets, in particular oil, gas, electricity, and renewable energies, and overseeing security of supply. Before joining the IEA, Mr. Houssin gained broad experience in numerous positions both in the French government and the private industrial sector. He was Managing Director of BRGM, the French Geological Survey, from 2004 to 2007 and served as Director of Energy and Mineral Resources at the French Ministry for the Economy and Finance from 1997 to 2004. From 1987 to 1990, he was responsible for developing E.U. strategy at Total. From 1983 to 1987, he held international positions at the French Ministry of the Industry.

Mr. Houssin holds a master's degree in law from Paris Sorbonne University and a master's degree in economy  and  political  sciences  from  IEP  Paris,  and  graduated  from  École  Nationale d'Administration.

## OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- None

## OTHER CURRENT PRIVATE BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- Storengy S.A.S.: Director
- Société Française Donges-Metz S.A.: Chairman of the Board

## OTHER CURRENT PRIVATE BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- Silixa Ltd.: Executive Chair

<!-- image -->

## Nello Uccelletti \_ Non-Independent Director

69 years old Italian Member of the Compensation Committee

<!-- image -->

## CURRICULUM VITAE

Nello  Uccelletti  is  currently  serving  as  advisor  to  the  Chairman  of  Consolidated  Contractors Group  S.A.L.  He  previously  served  as  President  and  Advisor  to  TechnipFMC's  Chief  Executive Officer  from  November  2019  to  February  2020.  From  2014  to  2019,  Mr.  Uccelletti  served  as President  of  TechnipFMC's  Onshore/Offshore  business  after  previously  serving  as  Senior  Vice President  of  Onshore.  Mr.  Uccelletti  originally  joined  Technip  in  1978  and  has  spent  his  entire career  with  Technip  and  its  affiliates  serving  in  a  variety  of  leadership  positions,  including  as Chief Executive Officer of Technip Italy and Region B Senior Vice President and as the head of Technip Italy's  Engineering  Department,  Middle  East  Business  and  Projects  units,  and  business development team.

Mr.  Uccelletti  was  the  Chairman  of  ANIMP  (Associazione  Nazionale  di  Impiantistica  Industriale) from 2011 to 2015.

Mr. Uccelletti holds a degree in electrical engineering from the University of Naples.

## OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- None

## Francesco Venturini \_ Independent Director

54 years old

<!-- image -->

Italian and American Member of the Audit

Committee

## CURRICULUM VITAE

Francesco  Venturini  is  the  Head  of  Enel  X  Global  Retail,  the  new  global  business  line  that consolidates  all  the  customers  of  the  Enel  Group  and  the  related  portfolios  of  products  and services under one single umbrella. From 2017 and 2021, he was the Chief Executive Officer of Enel X, the global business line of the Enel Group. Mr. Venturini held various positions at the Enel Group. He served as Chief Executive Officer and General Manager for Enel Green Power (from 2014 to 2017), after having served as its Head of North American Area (from 2011 to 2014) and Head  of  Finance  (from  2009  to  2011).  He  also  served  as  Head  of  Sales  Administration  within Enel's  Distribution  and  Market  Division  after  having  served  as  its  Head  of  Internal  Audit. Mr. Venturini was initially appointed as Head of Administration and Management Control at Enel S.p.A.  in  1998.  Prior  to  joining  Enel,  Mr.  Venturini  served  as  Chief  Financial  Officer  for  several companies  of  the  Elsag  Bailey  Process  Automation  and  Hartmann  &amp;  Braun  Group,  a  former Finmeccanica (Leonardo) group company.

Mr. Venturini graduated cum laude in Economics from the University of Rome 'La Sapienza' in 1992 and was licensed as a Certified Public Accountant. He is a London Business School alumnus and holds an MBA from MIT's Sloan Businesss School.

## OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- None

## OTHER CURRENT PRIVATE BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- CESI S.p.A.: Director

## OTHER CURRENT PRIVATE BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- None

## Stephanie Cox \_ Proposed Independent Director  (1)

54 years old

<!-- image -->

American Member of the ESG

Committee (if appointed)

## CURRICULUM VITAE

Stephanie  Cox  served  as  the  Executive  President,  Operations  Business  Unit  for  Wood  plc,  in Houston, Texas, from 2020 to 2022 and as CEO Asset Solutions - Americas, from 2019 to 2020.

Prior to that she held multiple leadership roles with Schlumberger from 1991 to 2019, including most recently President, North America Land Drilling from 2018 to 2019, Chief Human Resources Officer in Houston, TX, from 2017 to 2018 and from 2014 to 2016 in Paris, France, President, North America from 2016 to 2017, and President, Asia from 2014 to 2016 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

She holds a Bachelor of Arts from Michigan State University in Supply Chain, Materials Logistics Management. She is also a Certified Corporate Director by the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD).

## OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- Alliant Energy Corporation: Member of the Compensation and Personnel Committee as well as of the Operations Committee

## OTHER CURRENT PRIVATE BOARD MEMBERSHIP(S)

- Terra Co2
- Board Trustee, AWTY International School
- (1) Ms.  Cox  was  nominated  by  the  Board  in  February  2023  for  appointment  as  an  independent  Non-Executive  Director  at  the  2023  Annual  General Meeting.

## 5.1.4.  BOARD SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE MATRIX

Technip  Energies  N.V.'s  Board  has  developed  a  skills  and experience matrix encompassing the areas most relevant to overseeing the Company's international operation and strategy. The skills in the matrix are re-evaluated each year in  reference  to  the  Company's  strategy  so  that  the  matrix can  serve  as  an  up-to-date  tool  for  identifying  Director nominees who collectively have the complementary experience,  qualifications,  skills  and  attributes  to  guide  the

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Energy Industry:

Understanding of the energy sector and markets, including the business and policy context relevant to energy, the environment and the energy transition

## Project Management:

Experience in managing large and complex capital and infrastructure projects

## Technology and Innovation:

Experience in adopting emerging technology and digitalization in the operations and strategy of businesses

## Finance/Audit/M&amp;A/Risk Management:

Financial literacy including understanding of financial reporting processes and principles, experience in corporate finance, capital markets, corporate transactions, partnering arrangements and risk management practices

Company.  Technip  Energies'  Board  skills  and  experience matrix reflects the diversity and complementarity of expertise and experience of the current Board.  A new NonExecutive  Director,  Ms.  Stephanie  Cox,  is  proposed  to  be added to the Board.  Her skills also appear in the Board skills and experience matrix.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Governance:

Understanding of best practices in corporate governance, executive compensation practices, trends in shareholder engagement, relevant legislative and regulatory frameworks and best-in-class compliance

## Social and Sustainability:

Experience in assessing, monitoring and managing sustainable business practices and knowledge in the field of corporate social responsibility

## International experience:

Extensive experience doing business across multiple geographic regions

## Senior Executive experience:

Experience as the CEO or other senior executive responsible for the operations of a major global business

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Joseph  Rinaldi  Male  65  Australian,  American  and Italian  2  Yes  ●  ●  ●  ●  Arnaud  Pieton  Male  49  French  2  No  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  Arnaud  Caudoux  Male  52  French  2  Yes  ●  ●  ●  Colette  Cohen  Female  54  British  and Irish  1  Yes  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  Marie-  Ange  Debon  Female  57  French  2  Yes  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  Simon  Eyers  Male  58  British  2  Yes  ●  ●  ●  ●  Alison  Goligher  Female  57  British  and Irish  2  Yes  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  Didier  Houssin (1)  Male  65  French  2  Yes  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  Nello  Uccelletti  Male  69  Italian  2  No  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  Francesco  Venturini  Male  54  Italian and  American  1  Yes  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  Stephanie  Cox (2)  Female  54  American  0  Yes  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  Name  Gender  Age  Nationality  Tenure  (years)  Independent  Skills and Experience   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (1) Mr. Didier Houssin decided not to seek reappointment as an independent Non-Executive Director at the 2023 Annual General Meeting.
- (2) Ms. Cox was nominated by the Board in February 2023 for appointment as an independent Non-Executive Director at the 2023 Annual General Meeting.

## 5.1.5.  BOARD STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

The Board and executive team have solicited feedback from Technip  Energies'  stakeholders  on  a  number  of  matters throughout the year.

We believe  this  engagement  is  important  and  necessary  as we seek to develop long-term relationships with our stakeholders,  and  ensure  that  they  fully  understand  our strategy  and  the  ways  in  which  we  seek  to  unlock  value across our business portfolio and conduct our sustainability strategy. Our intention is to ensure that our stakeholders are kept  updated  on  significant  matters  and  relevant  emerging trends.  In  addition,  engagement  allows  our  stakeholders'  to provide feedback on ESG matters for the Board's consideration including sustainability, climate change, board dynamics and executive compensation.

Our  2022  Off-Season  Engagement  Campaign  which  was completed on December 1, 2022, involved an active outreach to our largest Shareholders representing approximately 39% of Technip Energies ordinary shares, as well as the two most influential  global  proxy  advisors.  Through  our  stakeholder engagement initiatives, the Board is able to consider different perspectives,  including  Shareholders'  and  proxy  advisors' input  on  the  Company's  ESG  priorities,  board  composition and Executive and Non-Executive Director compensation. We will  continue  our  efforts  to  engage  with  our  stakeholders, including our Shareholders, through meaningful and ongoing dialogue  as  an  important  part  of  the  Board's  corporate governance  commitment  (further  details  are  set  out  in chapter 6. Remuneration report).

## 5.1.6.  APPOINTMENT AND DISMISSAL OF DIRECTORS

## 5.1.6.1. Appointment of Directors

The number of Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors is determined by the Technip Energies Board. Our Directors  are  appointed  for  a  term  of  one  year  and  are elected on an annual basis.

## 5.1.6.2. Responsibilities of the ESG Committee in selecting Directors for appointment

Technip Energies' ESG  Committee  assists  the  Board  in identifying  individuals  qualified  to  become  a  Director  and who would contribute positively to the skills and experience of  the  Board  (further  details  are  set  out  in  section  5.1.4. Board  skills  and  experience  matrix).  Any  new  nomination should  be  consistent  with  the  Board's  composition  profile and  the  Diversity  Policy  before  the  ESG  Committee  could recommend a Director nominee to the Board for appointment.

More specifically, the ESG Committee is responsible for the following:

- ■ drawing up a succession plan for the Directors;
- ■ establishing  and  reviewing  the  need  for  any  changes  to criteria  for  Board  membership  and  selection  of  new Directors.  An  important  component  of  the  Board  is  the diversity  of  its  members  including  background,  skills, experience, expertise, gender, race, international awareness and cultural sensitivity;
- ■ identifying, screening, interviewing, selecting and recruiting candidates  for  new  Directors,  to  fill  vacancies  or  the additional needs of the Board; and
- ■ retaining and dismissing any recruiting firm to be used to identify Director candidates.

## 5.1.6.3. Dismissal of Directors

The  Articles  of  Association  provide  that  members  of  the Board  can  only  be  suspended  or  dismissed  by  the  General Meeting by a resolution adopted by a majority of two-thirds of the votes cast representing more than half of the issued share  capital,  unless  such  resolution  is  adopted  upon  a proposal  of  the  Board.  If  proposed  by  the  Board,  a  simple majority of the votes cast at the General Meeting suffices.

Dutch law provides for a statutory cooling-off period of up to 250 days. During this cooling-off period, the General Meeting is  not  able  to  dismiss  or  suspend  Directors  unless  upon  a proposal by the Board. The cooling-off period can be invoked by the Board in case:

- ■ Shareholders, using either their Shareholder proposal right or their right to request a General Meeting of Shareholders,  propose  an  agenda  item  for  the  General Meeting of Shareholders to dismiss or suspend a Director; or
- ■ a  public  offer  for  the  Company  is  made  or  announced without  the  Company's  support,  provided,  in  each  case, that  the  Board  believes  that  such  proposal  or  offer materially conflicts with the interests of the Company and its business.

The cooling-off period, if invoked, ends at occurrence of the earliest of the following events:

- ■ the expiration of 250 days from, in case of Shareholders using  their  Shareholder  proposal  right,  the  day  after  the deadline  for  making  such  proposal  expired;  in  case  of Shareholders using their right to request a General Meeting of Shareholders, the day when they obtain court authorization to do so, or in case of a hostile offer being made, the first day following the day on which the hostile offer was made;
- ■ the  day  after  the  hostile  offer  having  been  declared unconditional; or
- ■ the Board voluntarily terminating the cooling-off period.

In addition, Shareholders representing at least 3% of Technip Energies'  issued  share  capital  may  request  the  enterprise chamber of the court of appeal in Amsterdam ( Ondernemingskamer van het Gerechtshof te Amsterdam ) for early termination of the cooling-off period.

In  addition  to  the  statutory  cooling-off  period,  the  Code provides  for  a  180-day  response  period.  If  one  or  more Shareholders intends to request that an item be put on the agenda for a General Meeting that may result in a change in Technip Energies' strategy such as the suspension or dismissal  of  a  Director,  pursuant  to  the  Code,  the  Technip Energies Board may invoke a response time of a maximum of 180 days. During this period the Technip Energies Board does not have to include the item on the agenda for the General Meeting.

<!-- image -->

## 5.1.6.4. Agreements with TechnipFMC and BPI

Technip Energies is party to agreements  with  each  of TechnipFMC  and  BPI  which  entitle  TechnipFMC  and  BPI  to propose  candidates  to  the  Board  for  nomination  as  NonExecutive Directors (the ' Shareholder Nominated Directors '). For more information about these agreements, see section 5.3.1. Agreements between Shareholders.

In  connection  with  the  Spin-off  of  Technip  Energies  from TechnipFMC, Technip Energies and TechnipFMC entered into a separation and distribution agreement (the ' Separation and Distribution  Agreement ').  Pursuant  to  the  Separation  and Distribution Agreement, TechnipFMC has the right to designate (i) two shareholder Nominated Directors, so long as it owns at least 18% of the Technip Energies shares, and (ii) one  shareholder  Nominated  Director,  so  long  as  it  owns  at least 5%, but less than 18% of the Technip Energies shares. On  April 27,  2022,  TechnipFMC  announced  that  it  had completed  the  sale  of  its  remaining  shares  in  Technip Energies. It is thus no longer entitled to designate shareholder Nominated Directors.

Pursuant  to  the  Relationship  Agreement  dated  January  7, 2021,  entered  into  between  the  Company,  Bpifrance  and TechnipFMC,  (the  ' Relationship  Agreement ')  BPI  had  the right  to  designate  (i)  two  shareholder  Nominated  Directors, so  long  as  it  owned  at  least  18%  of  the  Technip  Energies shares, and (ii) one shareholder Nominated Director, so long as  it  owns  at  least  5%,  but  less  than  18%  of  the  Technip Energies  shares.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  at  General Meetings  occurring  prior  to  the  vote  on  Technip  Energies' 2022 annual accounts, under the Relationship Agreement BPI had  the right to  designate  two  shareholder  Nominated Directors.  Pursuant  to  Amendment  n°1  of  the  Relationship Agreement dated April 20, 2021, BPI accepted, in all instances, to have only one shareholder Nominated Director so  long  as  it  owns  at  least  5%  but  less  than  18%  of  the Technip Energies shares. As a result, effective April 20, 2021, BPI  is  entitled  to  designate  one  shareholder  Nominated Director, which right it exercised by designating Mr. Arnaud Caudoux.

## 5.1.6.5. Non-Executive Director nominees

In February 2023, the Technip Energies Board, upon the ESG Committee's recommendation and after having reviewed the Board  composition,  nominated  for  re-appointment  at  the 2023 Annual General Meeting all of the Non-Executive Directors  currently  on  the  Board  with  the  exception  of  Mr. Houssin  who  is  not  seeking  reappointment.  In  addition,  the Board  has  nominated  for  appointment  Ms.  Cox  as  NonExecutive-Director.

## 5.1.7.  RULES RELATING TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## 5.1.7.1. Decision making

The Technip Energies Board adopts resolutions unanimously where possible, but may adopt resolutions by a majority of votes cast. In the event of a tie vote, the proposal is rejected. Pursuant to the Board Rules, the Technip Energies Board may only adopt resolutions at a Meeting where a majority of the Directors entitled to vote are present or represented.

Resolutions  of  the  Technip  Energies  Board  that  cause  a significant  change  in  the  identity  or  character  of  Technip Energies  or  its  associated  business  enterprise  require  the approval  of  the  Shareholders  at  a  General  Meeting.  This includes in any event: (i) the transfer to a third party of the business  enterprise  of  Technip  Energies  or  practically  the entire business enterprise of Technip Energies; (ii) the entry into or breaking off of any long-term cooperation of Technip Energies or a subsidiary with another legal entity or company or as a fully liable partner of a general partnership or limited partnership, where such entry or breaking off is of material importance  to  Technip  Energies;  or  (iii)  the  acquisition  or disposal by Technip Energies or a subsidiary of an interest in the capital of a company with a value of at least one-third of Technip Energies' assets according to the consolidated balance  sheet  with  explanatory  notes  included  in  the  last adopted Annual Accounts of Technip Energies. In addition, a resolution to relocate the corporate office and headquarters of  the  Company outside of France requires the approval of the General Meeting.

## 5.1.7.2. Responsibilities

Pursuant  to  the  Board  Rules,  the  Non-Executive  Directors supervise the policies, management and the general affairs of the Company and the business, including the relations with Shareholders.  The  Non-Executive  Directors  assist  the  CEO with advice on general policies related to the Company and the business.

The Board supervises how the CEO implements the Company's  long-term  value  creation  strategy.  The  Board discusses and approves the strategy developed and proposed by  the  CEO  and  supervises  its  implementation  by  the  CEO and the principal risks associated with it. See section 5.1.8.2. Board's  involvement  in  the  Company's  strategy  and  section and 4.2. Enterprise Risk Management framework . The report drawn up by the Board accounts for its involvement in the approval  of  the  strategy,  and  the  way  in  which  it  monitors the strategy's implementation.

Each  Non-Executive  Director  follows  an  induction  program. This program covers general financial, social and legal affairs, financial reporting by the Company, specific aspects that are unique  to  the  Company  and  its  business,  the  Company's culture, and the responsibilities of a Non-Executive Director.

Each  Non-Executive  Director  conducts  an  annual  review  to identify  the  aspects  which  each  Non-Executive  Director requires training or education.

The  responsibilities  of  the  Non-Executive  Directors  include supervising and advising the CEO  with respect to the following:

- ■ setting the Company's management agenda;
- ■ enhancing the Company's performance;

- ■ developing and proposing a general strategy, including the strategy for realizing long-term value creation, and taking into account risks connected to the Business;
- ■ determining and pursuing operational and financial objectives;
- ■ structuring and managing internal business control systems;
- ■ overseeing the Company's financial reporting processes;
- ■ ensuring the Company's compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
- ■ ensuring compliance with and maintaining the Company's corporate governance structure;
- ■ ensuring  publication  by  the  Company  of  any  information required by applicable laws and regulations;
- ■ preparing the Company's annual report, the annual budget and significant capital expenditures;
- ■ overseeing the Company's sustainability practices - please also refer to section 3.2.1. ESG Governance ;
- ■ ensuring  that  internal  procedures  are  established  and maintained which safeguard that all relevant information is known to the Board in a timely fashion;
- ■ developing a procedure for reporting actual or suspected misconduct or irregularities, and taking appropriate follow-up action on the basis of these reports;
- ■ discussing the items reported on by the Audit Committee under best practice provision 1.5.3 of the Code; and
- ■ Discussing succession planning and management development activities reported on by the ESG Committee.

In addition, the responsibilities  and  tasks  of  the  NonExecutive Directors include:

- ■ drawing up the Company's policies for the composition of the Board;
- ■ selecting  and  nominating  individuals  for  appointment  by the General Meeting as Director;
- ■ proposing  the  Remuneration  Policy  for  adoption  by  the General  Meeting,  determining  the  remuneration  for  the Executive  Directors  and  acting  as  corporate  body  within the meaning of article 7.4.2 of the Company's Articles of Association  to  determine  the  remuneration  for  the  NonExecutive Directors;
- ■ selecting and nominating for appointment by the General Meeting of the Company's external auditor;
- ■ dealing with conflicts of interest  regarding  Directors  and majority Shareholders in relation to the Company; and
- ■ giving the external auditor a general idea of the content of the reports that relate to the external auditor's performance.

Pursuant to the Board Rules, at each Board Meeting the NonExecutive  Directors  may  meet  in  executive  session  without the presence  of  the Chief Executive Officer  and  other members of Management. Executive sessions are intended to foster  open  discussions  between  Non-Executive  Directors without Management being present.

THE TECHNIP ENERGIES BOARD

## 5.1.7.3. Conflicts of interest

Pursuant to the Articles of Association and the Board Rules, a  Director  is  not  allowed  to  participate  in  the  deliberations and  decision-making  process  if  he  or  she  has  a  direct  or indirect personal conflict of interest with the Company and its associated business enterprise. The Board Rules and the Company's related  party  transactions  policy  provide  further requirements as to how to identify and address a conflict of interest of a Director, all in accordance with the Code. The Board Rules forbid directors from competing with the Company, demanding or accepting, substantial gifts from the Company, providing unjustified advantages to third parties at the  Company's  expense  or  taking  advantage  of  business opportunities  that  the  Company  is  entitled  to.  The  Board Rules contain a self-reporting obligation by Directors to the Chair  of  the  Board.  The  Board  then  decides  whether  a Director  has  a  conflict  of  interest,  without  the  Director concerned being present.

The  Company  has  not  entered  in  2022  into  transactions under which members of the Board had or could have had a conflict  of  material  significance  to  the  Company  or  the relevant Director.

## 5.1.7.4. Directors' training

In  accordance  with  the  Board  Rules  each  Non-Executive Director  is  to  participate  in  the  Board's  induction  program. The program covers general financial, social and legal affairs, financial reporting by the Company, specific aspects that are unique  to  the  Company  and  the  business,  the  Company's culture and the responsibilities of a Non-Executive Director. Topics covered include the legal aspects of being a Director of  a  Dutch  company  listed  on  Euronext  Paris  as  well  as directors'  duties,  allocation  of  powers  and  responsibilities among  Directors  and  disclosure  requirements.  Ms.  Colette Cohen and Mr. Francesco Venturini, who were both appointed  directors  at  the  2022  Annual  General  Meeting  in May 2022 completed an onboarding session in July 2022.

In addition, each Non-Executive Director conducts an annual review  to  identify  the  aspects  which  each  Non-Executive Director requires training or education. The ESG Committee also  monitors  the  induction  program  and  training  needs  of Board members  and  recommends  action  to  the Board concerning such induction program and training needs where appropriate.

In 2022, and based on their feedback, Non-Executive Directors completed training on climate change, cybersecurity and digitalization.

For 2023, the Company intends to develop a training program addressing the following topics:

- ■ technology developments impacting the Company (cybersecurity, and artificial intelligence);
- ■ safety (behavioral based safety); and
- ■ energy  transition  policies  and  recent  developments  (in particular  REPowerEU  plan  and  the  Inflation  Reduction Act ).

<!-- image -->

## 5.1.7.5. Positions outside the Company

The Board has not adopted guidelines limiting or prohibiting Directors from serving on boards and/or committees of other organizations.  However,  the  ESG  Committee  may  take  into account the nature and time involved in a Director's service on other boards and/or committees in evaluating the suitability of individual Director candidates and current Directors.  The  Board  ensures  and  monitors  attendance  of Directors at Board and Committee meetings.

Serving on other boards and/or  committees  should  be consistent  with  the  Company's  conflict  of  interest  policies, the  Articles  of  Association  and  all  applicable  laws  and regulations.

When a Director becomes aware of circumstances that may adversely  reflect  upon  the  Director  or  the  Company,  such Director must notify the ESG Committee of such circumstances. The ESG Committee will consider the circumstances,  and  may  in  certain  cases  recommend  that the  Board  request  that  the  Director  submit  his  or  her resignation from the Board if, for example, continuing service on  the  Board  by  the  individual  is  not  consistent  with  the criteria  deemed  necessary  for  continuing  service  on  the Board.

A  Director  must  inform  the  Board  before  accepting  board positions,  including  positions  on  the  committee  of  a  board. Other board positions of Directors are discussed at a Board Meeting at least annually.

The  acceptance  of  a  non-executive  position  by  the  CEO requires the approval of the Board.

## 5.1.8.  2022 BOARD OF DIRECTORS MEETINGS

## 5.1.8.1. 2022 Board Meetings

The  Board  is  comprised  of  eight  independent  directors:  Mr.  Rinaldi  (Chair),  Mr.  Caudoux,  Ms.  Cohen,  Ms.  Debon,  Mr.  Eyers, Ms. Goligher, Mr. Houssin and Mr. Venturini. Mr. Pieton (the sole executive director) and Mr. Uccelletti are considered to be nonindependent. 80% of the Directors sitting on the Board are thus independent. In 2022, the Board held five meetings.

| Date  Joseph  Rinaldi  Arnaud  Pieton  Arnaud  Caudoux  Colette  Cohen (1)  Marie-  Ange  Debon  Simon  Eyers  Alison  Goligher  Didier  Houssin  Nello  Uccelletti  Francesco  Venturini  (1)  February  ●  ●  ●  N/A  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  N/A  April  ●  ●  ●  N/A  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  N/A  July  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  October  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  December  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ATTENDANCE (2)  100%  100%  100%  100%  100%  100%  100%  100%  100%  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Ms. Colette Cohen and Mr. Francesco Venturini were appointed directors at the 2022 Annual General Meeting in May 2022. Mr. Pascal Colombani, who ceased to be a director after the 2022 Annual General Meeting, participated in the February and April Board Meetings. Ms. Colette Cohen, who was appointed Board Observer in October 2021, attended the February and April Board Meetings in such capacity.

(2) The CFO, the COO, the Chief Legal Officer and the external auditors attended all of the Board Meetings. Other Technip Energies senior managers were also invited to attend certain meetings to make presentations to the Board on specific topics.

Highlighted below are the topics that were addressed by the Board on a recurring basis at regular meetings and a list of the specific topics that were addressed by the Board over the course of 2022.

| ## BOARD RECURRING TOPICS  ## BOARD SPECIFIC TOPICS  - ■ Review of commercial activities;  - ■ Review of quarterly financial results and press releases;  - ■ Update on shareholder base and strategic investors;  - ■ Review of the Company's operations;  - ■ Review of the Company's sustainability practices;  - ■ Update on safety and security;  - ■ Update on cybersecurity;  - ■ Review of the Arctic LNG 2 Project; and  - ■ Update on litigation and compliance matters.  - ■ Approval of the Company's ESG Roadmap and Scorecard;  - ■ Approval of the Company's amended Diversity Policy;  - ■ Approval of 2021 Executive Director's performance and compensation;  - ■ Approval of 2022 Executive Director and Non-Executive Director's compensation;  - ■ Approval of the Company's 2021 annual accounts and earnings press release;  - ■ Approval of the Company's 2021 Sustainability Report;  - ■ Approval of the nomination of statutory auditors;  - ■ Approval of the nomination of a new independent Non- Executive Directors and Committee structure;  - ■ Approval of 2022 Annual General Meeting notice;  - ■ Approval to repurchase Company's ordinary shares;  - ■ Approval of the deliverance of Parent Company Guarantees in connection with the Qatargas NFPS Compression Project (Qatar);  - ■ Approval of the Company's revised Code of Business Conduct;  - ■ Approval of the Company's 2022 Half-year report and earnings releases;  - ■ Review of the Company's Strategy;  - ■ Approval of the establishment of the Ad Hoc Committee;  - ■ Review of the Technology, Products &amp; Services segment;  - ■ Review of the Genesis business;  - ■ Review of 'Beyond™ by T.EN';  - ■ Review of the Company's Enterprise Risk Management program and process;  - ■ Approval of the deregistration of the Company's ordinary shares from the Securities and Exchange Commission;  - ■ Approval of Employee Stock Ownership Program; and  - ■ Board, Committee and CEO performance evaluation.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At each Board Meeting, the Chairs of each of the Committees reported  to  the  full  Board  on  their  respective  Committee's findings and actions.

In  addition  to  the  foregoing,  in  July  2022,  the  Technip Energies Board, established an Ad Hoc Committee to oversee developments in the PNF matter and to make recommendations concerning this  matter  to  the  Board  (the ' Ad  Hoc  Committee ').  The  Ad  Hoc  Committee  met  on  four separate occasions and is comprised of Ms. Goligher (chair), Ms. Cohen and Messrs. Eyers and Caudoux. Ms. Goligher has briefed  the  Board  with  regard  to  the  status  of  the  PNF matter  (for  details  relating  to  the  PNF  matter,  refer  to Sections  2.3.7  Other  matters,  4.3.4.1.  We  are  subject  to  an ongoing investigation by the French Parquet National Financier related to historical projects in Equatorial Guinea, Ghana  and  Angola,  and  5.7  Compliance  Investigations  and Legal  Proceedings.  See  also  Note  29.  Commitments  and contingent liabilities of the consolidated financial statements) to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

## 5.1.8.2. Board's involvement in the Company's strategy

The Board regularly interacted with management throughout the year to develop and set the strategic objectives for the Company as well to review the actions required to execute these objectives.  The  CEO  and  other  members  of  the Executive Committee, at the request of the Board, undertook to develop a strategy to chart the Company's growth over the coming years. The status of this work was regularly reviewed by  the  Board.  This  also  involved  the  Board  reviewing  and assessing market analyses, business models, technology and innovation opportunities, potential investment and partnership opportunities and considering different macroeconomic scenarios. In addition, at the December 2022 Board  Meeting  the  Board  conducted  two  days  of  meetings which were principally dedicated to a comprehensive review of  the  Company's  strategy  and  which  included  alignment with the Company's sustainability strategy as defined in the Company's ESG Roadmap and Scorecard.

<!-- image -->

## 5.1.8.3. 2022 annual performance evaluation of the Directors

The  Chairman  is  the  main  contact  on  behalf  of  the  Board regarding the performance  of Directors other than the Chairman.

Each Non-Executive Directors regularly, and at least annually, evaluates his/her own performance, the performance of each of  the  other  Non-Executive  Directors  individually,  and  the performance of the CEO without the CEO being present. The performance of the various Committees is evaluated as well.

The  ESG  Committee  receives  comments  from  all  Directors and reports annually to the Board regarding the Board and its Committees and recommendations for improvements in the overall  performance  of  the  Board  and  its  Committees.  A Director will be  asked  to  resign  early in  the  event  of inadequate performance, structural incompatibility of interests, and in other instances in which the majority of the Non-Executive Directors deems this necessary.

The formal evaluation of Directors takes place by means of a self-evaluation consisting of a written survey. Selfevaluations were undertaken by the Directors for the Board and each of the Committees. The evaluation process which was followed consisted of the following steps:

| PROCESS INITIATED  EVALUATION DISTRIBUTED  ANALYSIS  PRESENTATION OF RESULTS  The ESG Committee reviews  and approves the process to  evaluate the performance of  the Board of Directors and its  Committees.  Questionnaires are  distributed through a third-  party web-based platform.  The process encourages  candid responses from  Directors and promotes  productive discussions.  Questionnaires solicit  feedback on issues, including:  ■Board/Committee  operations;  ■Succession planning;  ■Committee composition,  processes, and  effectiveness;  ■Board dynamic;  ■Director preparation,  participation, and  contribution; and  ■Management preparation  and communications.  Completed questionnaires  are analyzed and discussed  at each Committee and  reported to the ESG  Committee Chair.  The ESG Committee Chair  reviews the results of the  evaluations with the full  Board and each Committee  to determine areas of  improvement.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The ESG Committee Chair reported the results of the Board performance at the December Board Meeting and discussed the areas to be addressed in the upcoming year.

The  ESG  Committee  discussed  the  evaluation  process  and reiterated  that,  starting  in  2023,  an  outside  party  would  be mandated to carry out a Board evaluation every three years in line with best practice recommendations.

As part of the annual performance evaluation process and in addition to the self-evaluation process described above, each Non-Executive Director had one-on-one calls with the Chair of the Board. This process was designed to provide nuanced and specific insights and recommendations for improvement for  each  Non-Executive Director and improvement of Board processes with the additional benefit of helping identify skill sets the Board may need in the future.

The conclusions of the individual evaluation of Non-Executive Directors' performance were reviewed in executive session at the December Board Meeting.

The  Board  is  also  responsible  for  the  evaluation  of  the Executive  Director's  performance.  The  conclusions  of  the evaluation  of  Mr.  Pieton's  performance  were  reviewed  in executive  session  at  the  February  2023  Board  Meeting.  See section  6.6.1.  Executive  Director  remuneration  which  sets forth the assessment of the Executive Director's performance.

## 5.1.9.  2022 BOARD COMMITTEE MEETINGS

The Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the ESG Committee enable the Technip Energies Board to work in an efficient  and  effective  manner,  ensuring  a  thorough  review and  discussion  of  issues,  while  giving  the  Technip  Energies Board more time for deliberation and decision-making.

Committees regularly meet with management and, at times, external consultants to review the business, better understand applicable laws and policies affecting Technip  Energies  and  support  the  Technip  Energies  Board and management in meeting the requirements and expectations of stakeholders (including Company Shareholders).

## 5.1.9.1. Audit Committee

The  Audit  Committee  is  comprised  of  four  independent Directors:  Ms.  Debon  (Chair),  Mr.  Caudoux,  Mr.  Eyers  and Mr.  Venturini.  100%  of  the  Directors  sitting  on  the  Audit Committee  are  thus  independent.  The  Audit  Committee meets  at  least  four  times  per  year.  In  2022,  the  Audit Committee held five meetings. The Audit Committee's members attended all 2022 meetings.

| Date  Marie-Ange  Debon  Arnaud  Caudoux  Simon  Eyers  Francesco  Venturini  (1)  February  ●  ●  ●  N/A  April  ●  ●  ●  N/A  July  ●  ●  ●  ●  October  ●  ●  ●  ●  December  ●  ●  ●  ●  ATTENDANCE (2)  100%  100%  100%  100%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Mr.  Venturini  was  appointed  director  at  the  2022  Annual  General  Meeting  in  May  2022.  He  did  not  participate  as  an  observer  prior  to  then. Mr. Rinaldi participated in the February and April Audit Committee Meeting as a member of the Audit Committee. He ceased to be a member of the Audit Committee after the 2022 Annual General Meeting.

- (2) The Chairman of the Board, the CEO, the CFO, the Chief Legal Officer, the Vice President Internal Audit, the Vice President Group Accounting, the Treasurer and the Company's external auditors attended all Audit Committee meetings. Other Technip Energies senior managers (including the Company's Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer)  attended  certain  meetings  to  make  presentations  to  the  Audit  Committee  on specific topics.

The Audit Committee's main responsibilities are as follows:

- ■ monitoring the Company's financial reporting process;
- ■ reviewing the Company's financial statements and internal controls (including reporting structures) with management and Technip Energies' auditor;
- ■ monitoring compliance with internal accounting and control policies, as well as legal and regulatory requirements relating to financial statements and financial disclosures;
- ■ preparing the selection of the auditor for appointment at a Shareholders General Meeting, and reviewing the qualifications,  independence  and  performance  of  such auditor;
- ■ reviewing the effectiveness and performance of the internal audit function; and
- ■ reviewing the effectiveness of processes for reviewing and escalating  financial-related  allegations  reported  through the allegations hotline.

<!-- image -->

Highlighted  below  are  the  topics  that  were  addressed  by  the  Committee  on  a  recurring  basis  at  regular  Audit  Committee meetings and a list of specific topics that were addressed by the Audit Committee over the course of 2022.

| ## AUDIT COMMITTEE RECURRING TOPICS  ## AUDIT COMMITTEE SPECIFIC TOPICS  - ■Review of legal and compliance matters;  - ■Review of the situation in Russia and of the Arctic LNG2 project;  - ■Review of quarterly financial results and related press releases and presentations;  - ■Review of key projects and segment performance;  - ■Update on internal control processes and internal audit program;  - ■Treasury updates (including cash forecast);  - ■Monitoring of the Company's transition to a single cloud-based enterprise reporting tool; and  - ■Review of external auditors reports to the Committee.  - ■Review of the Company's 2022 budget and Long Range Plan;  - ■Review of the Company's financial guidance;  - ■Review of the 2021 Annual Report and the 2021 Financial Statements and recommendation to the Board for approval;  - ■Review of the proposed 2022 dividend and recommendation to the Board for approval;  - ■Review of the 2021 20-F and recommendation to the Board for approval;  - ■Review of the of 2022 Half-year report, including half-year financial statements, and recommendation to Board for approval;  - ■Review of the Company's Enterprise Risk Management framework and process (with key risks including cybersecurity, talent retention and price volatility);  - ■Review of PWC's report on the Company's Enterprise Risk Management system;  - ■Approval of the deliverance of certain Parent Company Guarantees;  - ■Review of share buy-back program and recommendation to the Board for approval;  - ■Adoption of a policy relating to the hiring of the external auditor's employee;  - ■Review of the Company's Internal Audit's budget and planning; and  - ■Audit Committee performance evaluation.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During these Audit Committee Meetings, the Audit Committee held separate sessions with PwC, the Company's external auditors, as well as with the CEO and CFO. At the end of each Audit Committee meeting members are given the opportunity to meet in executive session without management or PwC being present.

## Financial expertise requirements

The  Board  has  determined  that  the  Audit  Committee's composition meets the financial expertise requirements and complies with the Audit Committee Charter.

Ms. Debon's relevant financial experience includes the following:  she  is  currently  the  Chairwoman  of  the  Keolis Group  Executive  Board  and  was  General  Secretary  of  the Suez  Group  (where  she  was  responsible  for  legal,  audit, information systems, and procurement). She also served as General Secretary and, prior to that, as Deputy Chief Financial Officer of Thomson (now Technicolor). She was also a member of the AMF ( Autorité des Marchés Financiers ) and served  as  Magistrate  to  the  French  Audit  Court  ( Cour  des Comptes ).

Mr.  Caudoux's  relevant  financial  experience  includes  his current position as Deputy  Chief Executive Officer  and Executive  Director  of  Bpifrance  where  he  is  responsible  for Finance,  Risk  Management,  IT  and  the  Guarantee  business line.  Mr.  Caudoux also served as Chief Financial Officer and member of the Executive Board of Bpifrance.

Mr. Eyers worked 13 years in energy investment banking at SG Warburg &amp; Co, Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse First Boston Europe.

Mr.  Venturini's  relevant  financial  experience  includes  the following: he is the Head of Enel X Global Retail and was the Chief Executive Officer of Enel X, the Chief Executive Officer and  General  Manager  for  Enel  Green  Power  after  having served as its Head of Finance. He also served as the Head of Internal Audit within Enel's Distribution and Market Division and Head of Administration and Management Control at Enel S.p.A.  Prior  to  joining  Enel,  Mr.  Venturini  served  as  Chief Financial  Officer  for  several  companies  of  the  Elsag  Bailey Process Automation and Hartmann &amp; Braun Group, a former Finmeccanica (Leonardo) group company.

The  Board  has  determined  that  based  on  their  respective experience, each of Ms. Debon, Mr. Caudoux, Mr. Eyers and Mr. Venturini has the relevant expertise to be qualified as a financial expert.

## 5.1.9.2. Compensation Committee

The Compensation Committee is comprised of two independent Directors: Ms. Goligher (Chair) and Ms. Cohen, and one nonindependent Director, Mr. Uccelletti. 66% of the Directors sitting on the Compensation Committee are thus independent. The Compensation Committee meets at least four times per year. In 2022, the Compensation Committee held five meetings. The Compensation Committee's members attended all 2022 meetings.

| ## Date  Alison Goligher  Colette Cohen (1)  Nello Uccelletti  February  ●  N/A  ●  April  ●  N/A  ●  July  ●  ●  ●  October  ●  ●  ●  December  ●  ●  ●  ATTENDANCE (2)  100%  100%  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Ms. Cohen was appointed director at the 2022 Annual General Meeting in May 2022. Mr. Rinaldi who ceased to be a member of the Compensation Committee after the 2022 Annual General Meeting, participated in the February and April Compensation Committee Meetings. Ms. Cohen, who was appointed Board Observer in October 2021, attended the February and April Compensation Committee Meetings in such capacity.

(2) The Chairman of the Board, the CEO, the Senior Vice President People &amp; Culture and the Vice President Compensation and Benefits attended all Compensation Committee meetings. Other Technip Energies senior managers and external compensation consultants were also invited to attend certain meetings. The CEO did not participate in discussions or decisions related to his compensation.

The Compensation Committee's main responsibilities are as follows:

- ■ reviewing, evaluating, and recommending to the Board for approval  changes  to  the  agreements,  plans,  policies  and programs to compensate Non-Executive Directors and the CEO;
- ■ reviewing,  evaluating  and  approving  all  awards  of  equity securities  or  equity  derivatives  to  persons  discharging managerial  responsibilities  and  approving  the  number  of equity  securities  or  equity  derivatives  to  be  provided  to the Chief Executive Officer to be allocated to all employees at the discretion of the Chief Executive Officer;
- ■ annually  preparing  for  publication  on  the  website  the Remuneration Report;
- ■ reviewing and discussing the compensation-related disclosures to be included in the management report and Annual Accounts and other required filings and determine whether to recommend that such disclosures be included in the Management Report and Annual Accounts;
- ■ reviewing,  evaluating,  and  approving  the  Remuneration Policy, and submitting at least every four years a clear an understandable proposal to the Board of a Remuneration Policy which will be subject to Technip Energies' Shareholder approval;
- ■ reviewing, evaluating, and approving proposals to Shareholders on compensation matters, including advisory votes on the remuneration report;
- ■ discharging the Board's responsibilities related to compensation of Directors and other persons discharging managerial responsibilities.

Highlighted below are the topics that were addressed by the Compensation Committee at regular meetings over the course of 2022:

| ## COMPENSATION COMMITTEE TOPICS  - ■Appointment of Compensation Advisors in the context of the revision of the Remuneration Policy;  - ■Review of 2019 Long-term equity award (LTI) program performance;  - ■Review and approval of 2021 annual incentive program performance;  - ■Review and approval of 2021 LTI program (Complementary Grants) performance;  - ■Review of 2021 Executive Director's performance and compensation;  - ■Review of 2022 Executive Director's compensation;  - ■Review of 2022 Non-Executive Director compensation;  - ■Review of 2022 Executive Committee member's compensation; and  - ■Review and approval of the 2022 Annual Incentive Plan (STI) and LTI programs.  - ■Review of the 2021 Remuneration Report, 2021 Annual Report and Form 20-F and 2022 Annual General Meeting Notice;  - ■Review of share ownership requirements;  - ■Review and approval of the Executive Director's 2022 objectives;  - ■Review of the 2022 Annual General Meeting results;  - ■Review of the Remuneration Policy;  - ■Review of the compensation peer groups;  - ■Executive Director's compensation benchmarking methodology and results;  - ■Review of shareholder and proxy advisor feedback on compensation practices;  - ■Review of Employee Stock Ownership Program; and  - ■Compensation Committee performance evaluation.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At the end of each Compensation Committee meeting members are given the opportunity to meet in executive session without management being present.

See chapter 6. Remuneration report for more information on the Compensation Committee's activities.

<!-- image -->

## 5.1.9.3. ESG Committee

The ESG Committee is comprised of three independent Directors: Mr. Houssin (Chair, who was appointed as ESG Committee Chair in replacement of Mr. Colombani at the March 1, 2022, Board subject to Mr. Houssin' reappointment as Non-Executive Director  at  the  2022  AGM),  Ms.  Cohen  and  Ms.  Goligher.  100%  of  the  Directors  sitting  on  the  ESG  Committee  are  thus independent. The ESG Committee meets at least four times per year. In 2022, the ESG Committee held five meetings. The ESG Committee's members attended all 2022 meetings.

| Date  Didier Houssin  Colette Cohen (1)  Alison Goligher  February  ●  N/A  ●  April  ●  N/A  ●  July  ●  ●  ●  October  ●  ●  ●  December  ●  ●  ●  ATTENDANCE (2)  100%  100%  100%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Ms.  Cohen  was  appointed  director  at  the  2022  Annual  General  Meeting  in  May  2022.  Mr.  Colombani,  who  ceased  to  be  the  Chair  of  the  ESG Committee after the 2022 Annual General Meeting, participated in the February and April ESG Committee Meetings. Ms. Cohen, who was appointed Board Observer in October 2021, attended the February and April ESG Committee Meetings in such capacity.

(2) The Chairman of the Board, the CEO and the Chief Legal Officer attended all ESG Committee meetings. The Company's Chief Compliance Officer provided updates on compliance matters to the ESG Committee at each of the quarterly meetings. The Senior Vice President Communications and the Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer also attended certain meetings for purposes of providing updates on the ESG strategy. Other Technip Energies senior managers were also invited to attend certain meetings. The CEO did not participate in any discussions or decisions related to the recruitment of new directors.

The ESG Committee's main responsibilities are as follows:

- ■ advising and making recommendations  to the Board regarding appropriate corporate governance practices and assisting the Board in implementing those practices;
- ■ monitoring  the  development  and  implementation  of  the compliance  program  (including  procedures  for  allegation reporting, investigation and remediation), to ensure Technip Energies operates in compliance with the principles of ethical conduct and good governance;
- ■ identifying individuals qualified to become members of the Board, consistent with Technip Energies' values and challenges,  the  composition  profile  of  the  Board  and  its Diversity  Policy  and  recommending  Director  nominees  to

the  Board  for  appointment  at  a  General  Meeting  or  for appointment  by  the  Board  as  temporary  replacement  to fill vacancies on the Board;

- ■ recommending  members  of  the  Board  to  serve  on  each Committee of the Board;
- ■ leading the Board in the annual performance evaluation of the Board and its Committees; and
- ■ reviewing and overseeing the corporate responsibility programs  and  initiatives, including the environmental, health and safety, and sustainability policies and programs and  matters  (which  would  include  matters  related  to climate change) impacting stakeholders and reputations.

Highlighted below are the topics that were addressed by the ESG Committee on a recurring basis at regular meetings and a list of the specific topics that were addressed by the ESG Committee over the course of 2022.

| ESG COMMITTEE RECURRING TOPICS  ESG COMMITTEE SPECIFIC TOPICS  ■  Review of the ESG Roadmap and Scorecard;  ■  Update on compliance matters; and  ■  Shareholder and Proxy Advisor engagement.  ■  Review of amended Diversity Policy;  ■  Review and updating of Board Skills and Experience  Matrix;  ■  Non-Executive Director recruitment;  ■  Non-Executive Director independence;  ■  Review of Board Committee Memberships;  ■  Review of the 2021 Annual Report and Form 20-F, 2021  Sustainability Report and 2022 Annual General Meeting  Notice;  ■  Review of the 2022 Annual General Meeting results;  ■  Establishment of an Ad Hoc Committee to oversee the  resolution of the PNF Matter;  ■  Review of the 2022 Board and Committee evaluation  process;  ■  Review of Board and Management Succession Plan;  ■  Review of the various initiatives implemented by the  Company or its employees to support local communities;  ■  Review of the Board Rules and Committee Charters; and  ■  ESG Committee performance evaluation.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  the  end  of  each  ESG  Committee  meeting  members  are  given  the  opportunity  to  meet  in  executive  session  without management being present.

## 5.1.9.4. Board Committees and Composition

In  February  2023,  the  Technip  Energies  Board,  upon  recommendation  of  the  ESG  Committee,  made  the  Committee appointments set forth below which are to become effective at the close of the 2023 Annual General Meeting, subject to each nominee Non-Executive Director being appointed at the General Meeting.

| Non-Executive Directors  Audit Committee  Compensation  Committee  ESG Committee  Arnaud Caudoux  ●  Colette Cohen  ●  ●  (Chair)  Stephanie Cox  ●  Marie-Ange Debon  ● (Chair)  Simon Eyers  ●  Alison Goligher  ● (Chair)  ●  Nello Uccelletti  ●  Francesco Venturini  ●   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 5.2. SHARE CAPITAL

## 5.2.1.  DESCRIPTION OF SHARE CAPITAL

Technip Energies' authorized share capital consists of 850,000,000  ordinary  shares  with  a  nominal  value  of  €0.01 each  and  amounts  to  €8,500,000.00.  As  of  December  31, 2022, the issued and paid-up capital consists of 179,827,459 ordinary shares and amounts to €1,798,274.59.

Technip  Energies  has  only  one  class  of  shares,  its  ordinary shares. No special voting rights or profit rights are attached to  ordinary  shares.  All  shares  are  issued  in  registered  form and no share certificates are or may be issued.

The Technip Energies Shares rank pari passu with each other and  holders  of  Technip  Energies  Shares  are  entitled  to

| Name of beneficial owner  Number of Technip Energies shares  beneficially owned  Percentage of outstanding Technip  Energies shares beneficially owned  (1)  HAL Investments B.V.  21,200,000  11.79%  (2)  Bpifrance Participations S.A.  16,022,820  8.91% (3)  Wellington Management Group LLP  9,034,752  5.02% (4)  Moneta Asset Management  5,400,010  3.00% (4)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The  calculation  of  percentage  of  ownership  of  each  the  above  beneficial  owners  is  based  on  179,827,459  Technip  Energies  Shares  issued  on December 31, 2022.

(2) As reported to the AFM on January 9, 2022.

(3) As reported to the AFM on January 11, 2022. On June 24, 2022 Caisse des dépôts et consgnation, BPI's parent, reported holding in the aggregate 17,732,879 Company shares (including BPI's interest), representing 9.26% of the outstanding shares.

(4) As reported to the AFM on November 15, 2022.

(5) Joint filing by Wellington Management LLP, Wellington Group Holdings LLP and Wellington Investment Advisors Holdings LLP with the SEC by way of form 13D on February 14, 2023, for an event that occurred December 30, 2022.

On  January  14,  2022,  Technip  Energies  acquired  1,800,000 ordinary shares from TechnipFMC. The agreement to purchase these shares was part of TechnipFMC's announced sell-down of its stake in the Company through a private sale transaction  which  also  included  BPI  and  HAL  Investments B.V.,  the  Dutch  investment  subsidiary  of  HAL  Holding  N.V., each  agreeing  to  purchase  3.6  million  Technip  Energies ordinary shares.

The purchase price for the shares subject to the sale was set at  €13.15  per  share.  The  settlement  for  the  sale  took  take place  on  January  14,  2022.  Upon  completion  of  the  sale, TechnipFMC's stake in the Company was reduced to approximately 7.15%. HAL Investments B.V. stake was increased to approximately 11.79% and BPI's stake to approximately 8.91%.

On  April 27,  2022,  TechnipFMC  announced  that  it  had completed the divestiture of its remaining shares in Technip Energies.

## Changes in the issued share capital

There has been no change in 2022 in the Company's issued share capital which, as described above, consists of 179,827,459 ordinary shares and amounts to €1,798,274.59 as of December 31, 2022.

## Non-voting shares

On  January  14,  2022,  Technip  Energies  acquired  1,800,000 ordinary shares from TechnipFMC to cover future obligations under  equity  incentive  plans.  As  long  as  these  shares  are kept in treasury, these shares have no voting rights and are not entitled to profits or to the reserves of Technip Energies.

Pursuant  to  a  liquidity  agreement  with  Kepler  Cheuvreux, shares  of  Technip  Energies  are  being  acquired  to  ensure liquidity of the market. These shares once acquired on behalf of Technip Energies have no voting rights and are not entitled to profits or reserves of Technip Energies for so long as they are held on behalf of Technip Energies. The liquidity agreement was suspended as of November 22, 2022, pending renewal of the resolution of the General Meeting of shareholders authorizing share repurchases. Shares acquired pursuant  to  a  share  buy-back  program  launched  in  March 2022 and concluded in August 2022 have also been held as treasury shares. See section 5.2.4. Repurchase of Technip Energies shares. On December 31, 2022, the number of  Technip Energies shares owned by, or held on behalf of, the Company and kept, or deemed, in treasury consisted of 5,487,378  ordinary  shares  representing  approximately  3,05% of the issued and paid-up capital of the Company.

## Restrictions on voting rights

There are no restrictions on voting rights of ordinary shares other than when held as treasury shares by the Company at which time they have no voting rights and are not entitled to profits  or  reserves  of  Technip  Energies.  Deadlines  for  the exercising  of  voting  rights  for  the  2023  Annual  General Meeting  are  set  forth  in  section  5.6.  Shareholders  General Meetings.

dividends and other distributions declared and paid on them. Each  Technip  Energies  share  carries  distribution  rights  and entitles its holder the right to attend and to cast one vote at the General Meeting.

Relying on regulatory filings which are made by Shareholders with  the  SEC,  the  AFM  and/or  notified  directly  to  the Company,  Technip  Energies  understands  that  the  following holders  of  Technip  Energies  shares  held  3%  or  more  of Technip Energies' total voting rights on December 31, 2022:

## 5.2.2.  BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND ISSUANCE OF SHARES

The Articles of Association provide that (i) in case the Board has not been authorized to do so, shares may be issued or rights to subscribe for shares may be granted pursuant to a resolution adopted by the General Meeting at the proposal of the Board, or (ii), by the Technip Energies Board if and insofar as the Technip Energies Board has been designated to do so by  the  Shareholders  at  a  General  Meeting.  An  authorization by  resolution  of  the  General  Meeting  cannot  be  withdrawn unless determined otherwise at the time of the authorization.

The  scope  and  duration  of  the  Board's  authority  to  issue shares or grant rights to subscribe for shares is determined by  a  resolution  of  the  General  Meeting  and  relates  to  all unissued  shares  in  Technip  Energies'  authorized  capital  on the date on which the Board resolves to issue shares or grant rights to subscribe for shares.

## 5.2.3.  PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS

Shareholders  have  preemptive  rights  to  subscribe  on  a  pro rata basis for any issue of new Technip Energies Shares or, upon  a  grant  of  rights,  to  subscribe  for  Technip  Energies shares. Shareholders have no preemptive rights upon (i) the issue of Technip Energies shares against a payment in kind (being  a  contribution  other  than  in  cash);  (ii)  the  issue  of Technip  Energies  shares  to  Technip  Energies'  employees  or the  employees  of  a  member  of  the  Company;  and  (iii)  the issue  of  Technip  Energies  shares  to  persons  exercising  a previously granted right to subscribe for shares.

The General Meeting may restrict or exclude the preemptive rights  of  Shareholders  at  the  proposal  of  the  Board  or authorize the Technip Energies Board to do so (in which case the  General  Meeting  no  longer  has  such  authority  for  the duration of the authorization of the Board).

The duration of this authority may not exceed a period of five years. The number of shares that may be issued is determined by the authorization.

No  Shareholders'  resolution  or  resolution  of  the  Technip Energies  Board  is  required  to  issue  shares  pursuant  to  the exercise of a previously granted right to subscribe for shares.

On February 15, 2021, prior to the closing of the Spin-off, the General Meeting adopted a resolution pursuant to which the Technip  Energies  Board  is  authorized,  for  a  period  of  five years from February 16, 2021, to issue shares and grant rights to  subscribe  for  shares  up  to  the  entire  Technip  Energies' authorized share capital from time to time.

The authorization of the Technip Energies Board as the body competent to restrict or exclude the preemptive rights may be  extended  by  a  resolution  of  the  General  Meeting  for  a period not exceeding five years in each case. An authorization by  resolution  of  the  Shareholders  at  the  General  Meeting cannot  be  withdrawn  unless  determined  otherwise  at  the time of the authorization.

On February 15, 2021, prior to the closing of the Spin-off, the General Meeting adopted a resolution pursuant to which the Technip  Energies  Board  is  authorized,  for  a  period  of  five years  from  February  16,  2021,  to  restrict  or  exclude  the preemptive rights upon the issuance of shares.

## 5.2.4.  REPURCHASE OF TECHNIP ENERGIES SHARES

Technip  Energies  may  acquire  its  own  shares,  subject  to certain provisions of Dutch law and the Articles of Association.  Repurchases of shares are only possible if and insofar as the General Meeting has authorized the Technip Energies Board to do so. The authorization may not be  for  more  than  18  months.  The  authorization  of  the Technip  Energies  Board  is  not  required  if  Technip  Energies acquires  shares  for  the  purpose  of  transferring  these  to Technip Energies employees or the employees of a member of the Company's group under any applicable equity compensation plan.

On February 15, 2021, prior to the closing of the Spin-off, the General Meeting adopted  a resolution to authorize the Technip  Energies  Board  for  a  period  of  18  months  from February 16, 2021, to repurchase up to 50% of Technip  Energies'  issued  and  outstanding  share  capital  at February 16, 2021.

On January 14, 2022, Technip Energies acquired 1,800,000 of its own shares from TechnipFMC to cover future obligations under equity incentive plans at a purchase price of €13.15 per share.  In  acquiring  the  Shares,  the  Company  was  exercising its  rights  under  the  Separation  and  Distribution  Agreement pursuant  to  which  the  Company  became  an  independent company on February 16, 2021. See section 5.2.1. Description of Share Capital.

On March 22, 2022, Technip Energies announced the launch of  a  share  buy-back  program  of  up  to  €29,850,000  (and  a maximum  number  of  2,700,000  shares)  which  was  to  be executed  until  December  31,  2022.  The  share  buy-back program  has  been  carried out in accordance  with the authorization  of  the  Board  of  Directors  and  applicable  law, including Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014. The Company appointed  a  broker  to  independently  execute  the share buy-back program. The Company acquired the shares for the purpose of meeting the Company's obligations under equity  incentive  plans.  The  Company  repurchased  2,618,945 ordinary  shares  under  the  share  buy-back  program  which was completed in August 2022.

Technip  Energies  entered  into  a  liquidity  agreement  with Kepler Cheuvreux on July 9, 2021. The liquidity agreement is carried out in accordance with the legal framework in force, and  more  particularly  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of  the  Council  of  April  16,  2014  on  market  abuse  (MAR), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/908 of February 26, 2016 supplementing Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regulatory technical standards on the criteria, procedure and requirements  for  the  establishment  of  an  admitted  market practice and the requirements for maintaining, discontinuing or modifying its conditions of admission, section 2.4.3 of the Dutch Civil  Code  and  AMF  decision  no.  2021-01  of  June  22, 2021,  applicable  as  of  July  1,  2021.  €9,000,000  have  been allocated  to  the  liquidity  account.  On  November  22,  2022, Technip Energies suspended the liquidity agreement pending renewal of the resolution of the General Meeting authorizing share repurchases.  The  number  of  shares  and  amount allocated as of November 22, 2022, close of trading, to the liquidity agreement was 8,900 shares and €9,780,454.34.

<!-- image -->

SHARE CAPITAL

## 5.2.5.  CAPITAL REDUCTION

The  General  Meeting  may  resolve,  at  the  proposal  of  the Technip Energies Board, to reduce the issued and outstanding  share  capital  by  a  cancellation  of  shares  or  by reducing  the  nominal  value  of  the  shares  by  amending  the Articles  of  Association.  A  resolution  to  cancel  shares  may only  relate  to  shares  held  by  Technip  Energies  itself.  A reduction  of  the  nominal  value  of  shares,  with  or  without repayment,  must  be  made  pro  rata  on  all  relevant  shares. This requirement may be waived if all relevant Shareholders so agree.

A  resolution  of  the  General  Meeting  to  reduce  the  share capital requires a majority of the votes cast, if more than or

## 5.2.6.  TRANSFER OF SHARES

The transfer of registered shares (other than held by Euroclear  France)  requires  a  Dutch  deed  executed  for  that purpose and, save in the event that Technip Energies itself is a  party  to  the  transaction,  written  acknowledgment  by Technip Energies. There are no restrictions under the Articles of Association or Dutch law that limit the right of holders of Technip Energies shares to hold Technip Energies shares. The transfer  of  Technip  Energies  shares  to  persons  who  are located  or  resident  in,  citizens  of,  or  have  a  registered address  in  jurisdictions  other  than  the  Netherlands  may, however,  be  subject  to  specific  regulations  or  restrictions according to their relevant laws.

equal  to  half  of  the  issued  share  capital  is  present  or represented at the General Meeting.

A  resolution  of  the  General  Meeting  to  reduce  the  share capital requires a majority of at least two-thirds of the votes cast, if less than half of the issued share capital is present or represented at the General Meeting.

In addition, Dutch law contains detailed provisions regarding the  reduction  of  capital.  A  resolution  to  reduce  the  issued share  capital  is  not  to  take  effect  as  long  as  creditors  can have legal recourse against the resolution.

For  as  long  as  the  Technip  Energies  shares  are  listed  on  a regulated foreign stock exchange, the Technip Energies Board may resolve, with due observation of the statutory requirements, that the property law aspects of the Technip Energies  shares,  be  governed  by  the  law  of  the  state  of establishment of such stock exchange or by the law of the state in which transfers and other legal acts under property law relating to the Technip Energies shares can or must be made with the consent of such stock exchange. The Technip Energies Board has not adopted such resolution to date.

## 5.3.  AGREEMENTS AFFECTING CONTROL OF TECHNIP ENERGIES

The Articles of Association contain provisions that are intended to secure a degree of continuity in the governance of Technip Energies as well as provide the Technip Energies Board adequate time to consider alternative solutions in the event an unsolicited approach is made which could result in a change in control of Technip Energies. These consist of:

- ■ a provision that members of the Technip Energies Board can only be suspended or removed at a General Meeting by  adoption  of  a  resolution  garnering  two-thirds  of  the votes cast representing more than 50%  of Technip Energies' issued share capital, where such suspension or removal is not proposed by the Technip Energies Board;
- ■ requirements that certain matters, including an amendment  of  the  Articles  of  Association,  are  to  be adopted at a General Meeting only upon proposal by the Technip  Energies  Board;  and  a  provision  that,  except where  the  law  requires  otherwise,  resolutions  of  the General Meeting require the prior approval of the Technip  Energies  Board  except  where  the  resolution  has been adopted following a proposal by the Technip Energies Board.
- ■ a provision that members of the Technip Energies Board are to be appointed by adoption of a binding nomination proposal  by  the  Technip  Energies  Board,  unless  such proposal is overruled by adoption of a resolution garnering two-thirds of the votes cast representing more than 50% of Technip Energies' issued share capital; and

Also note that an issue of Technip Energies shares decided by the Board may make it more difficult for a Shareholder to obtain control over the General Meeting (the relevant powers of  the  Board  in  this  regard  are  described  in  sections  5.2.2. Board of Directors and issuance of shares and 5.2.3. Preemptive rights).

## 5.3.1.  AGREEMENTS BETWEEN SHAREHOLDERS

Technip Energies, TechnipFMC and BPI entered into a relationship  agreement  (the  ' Relationship  Agreement ') in connection with the consummation  of the Spin-off of Technip Energies from TechnipFMC.

The Relationship Agreement grants certain rights to TechnipFMC  and  BPI,  and  TechnipFMC  and  BPI  agreed  to certain  obligations,  relating  to  their  ownership  of  Technip Energies shares.

## 5.3.2.  CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENTS

Technip Energies N.V.'s €1,400,000,000 Bridge and Revolving Facilities  Agreement  dated  February  10,  2021,  provides  that Technip  Energies  N.V.  is  to  notify  the  agent  under  the Facilities  Agreement  if  it  is  aware  that  a  change  of  control has occurred. Following such notification by Technip Energies,  the  agent  will,  if  so  requested  by  the  lenders,  by notice to Technip Energies N.V. cancel the available commitments  and  declare  all  outstanding  loans  together with accrued interest to be due and payable.

The  terms  and  conditions  of  Technip  Energies  N.V.'s  1.125% senior unsecured notes due 2028 provide that If at any time while any note remains outstanding, there occurs a change of control and within 90 days of the first public announcement

## 5.3.3.  EMPLOYEE SHARE SCHEMES

## Incentive Award Plan

On  February  15,  2021,  the  Board  adopted  the  'Technip Energies N.V. Incentive Award Plan' together with the 'Technip Energies N.V. Incentive Award Plan U.S. Addendum', the 'Technip Energies N.V. Incentive Award Plan for the Grant of French Restricted Stock Units to Employees and Corporate Officers in France' and the 'Technip Energies N.V. Incentive Award  Plan  for  the  Grant  of  French  Stock  Options  to Employees  and  Corporate  Officers  in  France'  (collectively, the ' Plan ').

The  Plan  is  administered  by  the  Compensation  Committee, one or more persons to whom duties have been delegated by the Compensation Committee or the Board (the ' Administrator ').  The Administrator may, from time to time, select  eligible  employees,  consultants  or  a  Director.  The Administrator  is  to  determine  to  whom  an  award  is  to  be granted and is to determine the nature and amount of each award, which will not be inconsistent with the requirements of  the  result  of  the  change  of  control,  a  rating  downgrade (from investment grade to non-investment grade, or a withdrawing of the rating) has occurred as a result of such change  of  control,  each  noteholder  will  have  the  option  to require Technip Energies N.V. to redeem the notes held by it at  their  principal  amount  together  with  interest  accrued thereon.

Certain provisions of the Separation and Distribution Agreement between Technip Energies and TechnipFMC would terminate upon a change of control. Certain provisions of the Relationship  Agreement  between  Technip  Energies  and  BPI would terminate upon a change of control. See section 5.3.1. Agreements between Shareholders.

of the Plan. Except for any Director's right to awards granted in accordance with the Company's Articles of Association, the Board  Rules  and  other  governance  documents,  no  eligible person or other person is to have any right to be granted an award pursuant to the Plan and neither the Company nor the Administrator is obligated to treat eligible persons, holders of awards or any other persons uniformly. Participation by each holder in the Plan is to be voluntary and nothing in the Plan or any program of the Plan is to be construed as mandating any eligible person or other person to participate in the Plan.

For a description of Long Term Incentive Plans, the general principles  of  which  would  also  be  applicable  to  Company employees, please see description of the Long Term Incentive  Programs  under  section  6.2.1.  Executive  Director remuneration policy. Note that as relates to employees, the allocation  between  PSUs  and  RSUs  will  be  made  on  a  50% PSU - 50% RSU basis.

<!-- image -->

AGREEMENTS AFFECTING CONTROL OF TECHNIP ENERGIES

## Employee Stock Ownership Plan

On  December  5,  2022,  the  Board  resolved  to  authorize  the implementation of an employee stock ownership plan (' ESOP ')  which  is  to  provide  for  the  issuance  of  shares  to eligible employees of Company group entities in an aggregate amount which is not to exceed 1.5% of the Company's share capital  on  such  date  (representing  a  maximum  of  2,697,411 shares) with a maximum total subscription amount equal to €30 million  for  all  shares  to  be  issued  in  the  all-employee share plan offering. The Company intends to implement the ESOP in the course of 2023.

## 5.3.4.  TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN TECHNIP ENERGIES AND 10% SHAREHOLDERS

In  connection  with  the  Spin-off  of  Technip  Energies  from TechnipFMC,  in  addition  to  the  Separation  and  Distribution Agreement,  Technip  Energies  and  TechnipFMC  entered  into various  agreements  including  a  tax  matters  agreement,  an employee matters agreement, a transition services agreement,  a  patent  license  agreement  and  a  coexistence and  trademark  matters  agreement.  A  summary  of  these agreements can be found in the prospectus published by the Company in connection with the Spin-off. As these agreements  were  entered  into  prior  to  Technip  Energies listing on Euronext Paris, provision 2.7.5 of the Code did not apply to these agreements.

On January 14, 2022, Technip Energies acquired 1,800,000 of its  own  ordinary  shares  from  TechnipFMC  to  cover  future obligations under equity incentive plans. The purchase these shares was part of TechnipFMC's announced sell-down of its stake  in  the  Company  through  a  private  sale  transaction which also included BPI and HAL Investments B.V., the Dutch investment subsidiary of HAL Holding N.V., each agreeing to purchase  3.6  million  Technip  Energies  ordinary  shares.  The purchase price of the shares subject to the sale was set at €13.15 per share. The settlement for the sale took take place on January 14, 2022. Upon completion of the sale, TechnipFMC's stake in the Company was reduced to approximately 7.15%. On April 27, 2022, TechnipFMC announced that  it  had  completed  the  sale  of  its  remaining shares in Technip Energies. The transaction was in compliance with provision 2.7.5. of the Code.

Technip  Energies  and  TechnipFMC  are  otherwise  parties  to commercial  and  operational  agreements  which  have  been negotiated on an arm's length basis, and include terms and conditions customary in the market. None of these transactions  are  of  material  nature  to  the  Company,  and provision 2.7.5 of the Code has been complied with.

## 5.4.  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

## 5.4.1.  DUTCH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE, 'COMPLY OR EXPLAIN'

## As a Dutch company listed on Euronext Paris Technip Energies is subject to the Code

The Code contains governance principles and best practices for  Dutch  listed  companies.  Technip  Energies,  a  company incorporated in the Netherlands and listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange, is required to disclose in its management report whether it complies with the suggested governance principles and best practices of the Code or list the reasons for any deviation in its management report.

Technip  Energies  complies  with  all  applicable  provisions  of the Code except for the provisions stated below.

As a Dutch Company, Technip Energies does not comply with the  Afep/Medef  Corporate  Governance  Code  or  any  other inapplicable governance conventions.

## Compliance with the Code

Technip  Energies  endorses  the  underlying  principles  of  the Code  and  is  committed  to  adhering  to  the  best  practices promoted  by  the Code. Provisions adopted  by Technip Energies that differ from Code principles are:

- ■ Provision  2.3  of  the  Code  recommends  that  Committees prepare the decision-making for later adjudication by the full Technip Energies Board. Technip Energies has delegated certain decision-making powers to its Committees,  as  defined  in  each  Committee's  charter.  In particular, the Compensation Committee has the authority to  directly  adopt  certain  resolutions  on  behalf  of  the Technip Energies Board and the Audit Committee has the authority to approve certain Technip Energies N.V. guarantees. The Technip Energies Board believes that this deviation leads to more efficient decision-making.
- ■ The  General  Meeting  may  overrule  a  binding  nomination for the appointment of a Director by a two-thirds majority of the votes cast, representing more than 50% of Technip Energies' issued share capital. If a binding nomination for the  appointment  of  a  Director  is  overruled,  the  Technip Energies  Board  may  make  a  new  binding  nomination. Although in deviation from suggested governance provision 4.3.3 of the Code which provides that the threshold may not  be  higher  than  a  simple  majority  of  the  votes  cast representing  more  than  one-third  of  the  issued  share capital,  this  is  in  line  with  article  2:133  (2)  BW,  which provides for the same majority and quorum requirements. The  Technip  Energies  Board  believes  that  this  deviation provides the Technip Energies Board the needed stability to execute the strategy to create long-term value for all stakeholders.
- ■ A resolution to suspend or dismiss a Director other than at the proposal of the Technip Energies Board requires a two-thirds  majority  of  the  votes  cast,  representing  more than  50%  of  Technip  Energies'  issued  and  outstanding share capital.  Although  this  is  a  deviation  from  provision 4.3.3 of the Code which provides that the threshold may not  be  higher  than  a  simple  majority  of  the  votes  cast representing  more  than  one-third  of  the  issued  share capital,  this  is  in  line  with  article  2:134  (2)  BW,  which provides for the same majority and quorum requirements. The  Technip  Energies  Board  believes  that  this  deviation provides the Technip Energies Board the needed stability to execute the strategy to create long-term value for all stakeholders.
- ■ Non-Executive Directors have been granted in 2021 restricted  stock-units  which  vested  in  2022,  in  deviation from provision 3.3.2 of the Code which provides that NonExecutive Directors may not be awarded remuneration in the form  of  shares  or rights for shares. As  further described in section 6.7.2. Non-Executive Directors remuneration,  the  Technip  Energies  Board  decided  in March 2022,  that  effective  March  1,  2022,  Non-Executive Directors  would  not  be  remunerated  in  the  form  of restricted  stock-units  but  would  only  be  remunerated  in cash. The Technip Energies Board decided to accordingly modify  the  Company's  Remuneration  Policy  that  will  be presented  to  shareholders'  approval  at  the  2023  Annual General Meeting. See sections 6.7.2. Non-Executive Directors remuneration.

On  December  20,  2022  the  Corporate  Governance  Code Monitoring  Committee  has  published  the  updated  Dutch Corporate Governance Code which is available at www.mccg.nl. The Company is reviewing whether any adaptations  to  the  Board  Rules  and  Committee  Charters should be considered following this update to the Code.

## Internal Control and risk management in relation to financial reporting

Please  refer  to  section  4.2.  Enterprise  Risk  Management framework for  a  description  of  the  main  features  of  the Company's internal control and risk management systems in relation  to  the  financial  reporting  process  of  the  Company and of the group of which the financials are included in the annual accounts.

## Functioning of Shareholders General Meeting

Please  refer  to  sections  5.6.1.  Functioning  of  meetings  and 5.6.2. Right to attend Shareholders' Meeting for a description of the functioning of the general meeting the main rights of the shareholders and how these rights may be exercised.

## Board and Committees

Please refer to section 5.1. The Technip Energies Board for a description of the composition and operation of the Company's Board and its committees.

## Diversity Policy

Please refer to section 5.4.2. Diversity Policy for a description of the Board's Diversity Policy.

## Conflicts of interest and other information

There  are  no  institutional  potential  conflicts  between  the personal interests of Directors or senior management on the one hand and the interests of Technip Energies on the other hand. There are no family relationships between any Directors or members of senior management.

## Maximum number of supervisory positions of Directors

At  the  date  of  this  Annual  Report,  Technip  Energies  is  not subject to provisions on a maximum number of supervisory positions of Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors under Dutch law.

<!-- image -->

## 5.4.2.  DIVERSITY POLICY

Technip  Energies  is  incorporated  in  the  Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Paris. Given its size in prior financial years, the  Company  is,  at  the  date  of  this  Annual  Report,  not subject  to  Dutch  law  in  relation  to  any  gender  diversity targets  with  respect  to  the  composition  of  the  Technip Energies Board or any Committees thereof.

The Board has adopted a Diversity Policy  that  sets  out  the rules  regarding  the  diversity  of  the  composition  of  the Technip Energies Board. This Diversity Policy has  been established  in  accordance  with  best  practice  provision  2.1.5 of the Code, came into effect on February 16, 2021 and has been  revised  on  March  1,  2022.  The  Diversity  Policy  is published  on  the  Company's  website.  The  policy  addresses the  specific  targets  relating  to  diversity  and  the  diversity aspects  relevant  to  the  Company,  such  as  nationality,  age, gender, education, work  background  and  other  relevant items.

Technip Energies recognizes the benefits of having a diverse Board  and  sees  diversity  at  Board  level  as  an  important element in maintaining a competitive advantage and strives to meet a more balanced male/female ratio.

The Board acknowledges the Company's strategic priority to increase the diversity of its workforce to mirror its stakeholders and markets, which will (i) positively impact the Company's business performance in all countries it operates in,  (ii)  lead  to  a  well-balanced  decision-making  process within the Company and (iii) result in a proper functioning of the Board.

The  Diversity  Policy  aims  to  ensure  that  the  Board  has  a sufficient  diversity  of  views  and  the  expertise  needed  for  a good understanding of current affairs and longer-term risks and  opportunities  related  to  the  Company's  business.  The nature  and  complexity  of  the  Company's  business  is  taken into account when assessing optimal Board diversity, as well as the social and  environmental context in which  the Company operates.

The  selection  of  candidates  for  appointment  to  the  Board will  be  based  on  merit.  With  due  regard  to  the  above,  the Board  will  seek  to  fill  vacancies  by  considering  candidates that  bring  a  diversity  of  (amongst  others)  nationality,  age, gender and educational and professional backgrounds.

The composition of the Board furthermore follows the profile as included in the Board Rules, which aims for an appropriate combination of knowledge and experience among its members encompassing technology, financial, economic, social, environmental and  legal aspects of international business in relation to the global character of the Company's businesses. For information with respect to the Board skills and  experience  matrix  see  section  5.1.4.  Board  skills  and experience matrix.

In terms of diversity:

- ■ the Company's aim is for the Board to comprise members with diverse background including in terms of nationality and work experience;
- ■ as from May 5, 2022, Technip Energies's Board is comprised of seven male members (including the Executive Director)  and  three  female  members,  thus meeting the target set forth in the initial Board Diversity Policy  providing  that  the  Board  is  to  be  comprised  of  at least  30%  female  and  at  least  30%  male  members.  The revised Diversity Policy now provides that the Board is to be  comprised  of  at  least  40%  female  and  at  least  40% male  members  on  or  before  the  date  of  the  Company's 2024 Annual General Meeting. Should all of the proposed Director  nominees  be  appointed  at  the  Annual  General Meeting of May 10, 2023, the Board would be comprised of 40% female Directors and 60% male Directors;
- ■ currently the Board comprises ten members representing in the aggregate five nationalities;
- ■ currently two of the Company's three Board committees are chaired by female Board members; and
- ■ currently age varies from 49 to 69 years old and 70% of the Board members are less than 60 years old.

See section 5.1.7. Rules relating to the Board of Directors.

## 5.5.  BOARD MEMBERS INDEPENDENCE REQUIREMENTS

In  the  Board's  opinion,  the  composition  of  the  Technip Energies Board meets the independence requirements of the Code.

Upon a  recommendation  made  by  the  ESG  Committee,  the Board determined in February 2023 that all the  NonExecutive  Directors  qualified  as  independent  Directors  with the  exception  of  Nello  Uccelletti  who  qualified  as  nonindependent  as a result of his former position as an executive at Technip Energies' predecessor parent company, TechnipFMC.

The  desired  composition  of  the  Board  enables  the  NonExecutive  Directors  to  operate  independently,  including  the ability  to  operate  critically  with  one  another,  the  Executive Director of the Board, and any particular interests involved.

Independence requirements under the Code are not applicable to Arnaud Pieton as Executive Director.

## 5.6.  SHAREHOLDERS GENERAL MEETINGS

Shareholders exercise their rights through Annual and Extraordinary General Meetings of Shareholders. The Company is required to convene an Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in the Netherlands each year, no later than six  months  after  the  end  of  the  Company's  financial  years. Additional  Extraordinary  General  Meetings  of  Shareholders may be convened at any time by the Board.

The convocation date is set at 42 days prior to the date of the Annual General Meeting by law.

The  record  date  is  set  at  28  days  prior  to  the  date  of  the Annual General Meeting by law. Those who are registered as Shareholders  at  the  record  date  are  entitled  to  attend  the Meeting and to exercise other Shareholder rights. Shareholders may be represented by written proxy.

The key dates for the upcoming May 10, 2023, Annual General Meeting are thus as follows:

- ■ The Convocation for the 2023 Annual General Meeting will occur on or prior to March 29, 2023;
- ■ The Record Date of the 2023 Annual General Meeting is on April 12, 2023.

<!-- image -->

## 5.6.1.  FUNCTIONING OF MEETINGS

General  Meetings  are  held  in  the  Netherlands  at  the  place where Technip Energies has its corporate seat (Amsterdam), or at Eindhoven, Groningen, Haarlem, Haarlemmermeer (Schiphol  Airport),  Hoofddorp,  Maastricht,  Rotterdam,  The Hague, or Zoetermeer (the Netherlands). The Annual General Meeting shall be held no later than six months after the end of  the  financial  year.  Typically  the  agenda  for  the  Annual General Meeting includes, among other things, the discussion and  adoption  of the Annual  Accounts,  appropriation of Technip Energies profits, and  proposals relating to the Technip Energies Board, including the filling of any vacancies in the Board, discharge from liability of the Board members for  the  performance  of  the  responsibilities  in  the  previous financial  year  and  the  advisory  vote  on  Technip  Energies' remuneration  report.  In  addition,  the  agenda  shall  include such  items  as  have  been  included  therein  by  the  Technip Energies Board or by Shareholders. One or more Shareholders,  alone  or  together  with  other  Shareholders, representing at least 3% of the issued share capital may also request to include items in the agenda of a General Meeting. Requests  must  be  made  in  writing  and  received  by  the Technip  Energies  Board  at  least  60  days  before  the  day  of the Meeting.

Additional Extraordinary General Meetings may also be held whenever  considered  appropriate  by  the  Technip  Energies Board or when the Extraordinary General Meeting is requested by one or more Shareholders who jointly represent at least 10% of the issued share capital. The request must be made in writing to the Board in accordance with Dutch law.

Unless Dutch law or the Articles of Association state otherwise, all resolutions adopted by the Shareholders at the General  Meeting  are  adopted  with  a  simple  majority  of  the votes cast. Insofar as the law does not prescribe otherwise, resolutions  of  the  General  Meeting  require  the  approval  of the  Technip  Energies  Board  unless  the  resolution  has  been adopted at the proposal of the Board. Generally, no quorum requirements apply.

Each  Technip  Energies  share  confers  the  right  to  cast  one vote  at  the  General  Meeting  and  no  restriction  on  voting applies  pursuant  to  the  Articles  of  Association  and  Dutch law. However, no votes may be cast at a General Meeting on shares held by Technip Energies or Technip Energies subsidiaries. Nonetheless, the holders of a right of usufruct and the holders of a right of pledge in respect of shares in Technip Energies' share capital held by Technip Energies or Technip  Energies'  subsidiaries  are  not  excluded  from  the right  to  vote  on  such  shares,  if  the  right  of  usufruct  or  the right of pledge was granted prior to the time such share was acquired  by  Technip  Energies  or  any  of  Technip  Energies' subsidiaries. Technip Energies may not cast votes on shares in respect of which Technip Energies or a subsidiary holds a right  of  usufruct  or  a  right  of  pledge.  Shares  which  are  not entitled to voting rights pursuant to the preceding sentences will not be taken into account for the purpose of determining the  number  of  shares  on  which  votes  may  be  cast,  or  the amount of the share capital that is present or represented at a General Meeting.

## 5.6.2.  RIGHT TO ATTEND SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING

Shareholder Meetings are convened by public announcement on the website of Technip Energies. The convening notice will be published no later than 42 days prior to the Shareholders' Meeting  in  accordance  with  Dutch  law  and  the  Articles  of Association.  The  Technip  Energies  Board  will  provide  the Shareholders  with  the  agenda  including  the  agenda  timing and  whether  these  are  discussion  items  or  voting  items. Furthermore, the Board will provide Shareholders with relevant information in the explanatory notes to the agenda.

All  Shareholders,  and  each  usufructuary  and  pledgee  to whom the right to vote on Technip Energies' shares accrues, are entitled to attend and exercise other Shareholder rights. The record date is set at the 28 th day prior to the day of the General  Meeting.  Anybody  who  is  registered  as  Shareholder on the record date is entitled to attend the Meeting and to exercise  other  Shareholder  rights,  provided  that  a  person wishing  to  attend  the  Meeting  must  notify  the  Company  of intention to do so no later than on a day and in the manner mentioned  in  the  notice  convening  the  relevant  General Meeting. There are no restrictions on voting rights attaching to the Technip Energies shares.

## 5.6.3.  AMENDMENT TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

The Articles of Association may be amended by a resolution of  the  General  Meeting,  by  a  simple  majority  of  votes  cast, but only at the proposal of the Technip Energies Board.

If  a  resolution to amend the Articles of Association is to be submitted to the General Meeting, this must in all cases be stated in the notice convening the General Meeting.

## 5.7. COMPLIANCE INVESTIGATIONS AND LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

In late 2016, TechnipFMC was contacted by the United States Department of Justice (' DOJ ')  regarding  its  investigation  of offshore platform projects awarded between 2003 and 2007, performed  in  Brazil  by  a  joint  venture  company  in  which TechnipFMC was a minority participant. Subsequently TechnipFMC  raised  with  the  DOJ  certain  other  projects performed  by  TechnipFMC  subsidiaries  in  Brazil  between 2002 and 2013. The DOJ has also inquired about projects in Ghana and Equatorial Guinea that were awarded to TechnipFMC  subsidiaries  in  2008  and  2009,  respectively. TechnipFMC cooperated with the DOJ in its investigation into the potential violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act  (the  ' FCPA ')  in  connection  with  these  projects,  and contacted and cooperated with the Brazilian authorities (the Federal  Prosecution  Service  (the  ' MPF '),  the  Comptroller General  of  Brazil  (the  ' CGU ')  and  the  Attorney  General  of Brazil (the ' AGU ')) as relates to their investigation concerning the  projects  in  Brazil.  Technip  Energies  is  subject  to  an ongoing investigation by the French Parquet National Financier (' PNF ') related to the above referenced projects in Equatorial  Guinea  and  Ghana.  Technip  Energies  was  later informed  by  the  PNF  that  the  PNF  was  also  investigating certain historical projects in Angola.

On June 25, 2019, TechnipFMC announced a global resolution to pay a total of $301.3 million to the DOJ, the SEC, the MPF, and the CGU/AGU to resolve these anti-corruption investigations,  of  which  $281.3  million  related  to  Technip Energies' business. The final amount due in accordance with the global resolution was paid by Technip Energies during the second quarter of 2021. As part of this resolution, TechnipFMC entered into a three-year deferred prosecution agreement with the DOJ related to charges of conspiracy to violate  the  FCPA  in  relation  to  conduct  in  Brazil  and  other matters  (the  ' DPA ').  In  addition,  Technip  USA,  Inc  (since renamed Technip Energies USA, Inc.), a U.S. subsidiary, pled guilty to one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA related to conduct in Brazil.

As  part  of  the  Spin-off  arrangements  and  pursuant  to  the terms of the Separation and Distribution Agreement, Technip Energies has had to assume certain obligations and liabilities arising  out  of  the  DPA.  TechnipFMC  and  Technip  Energies were not required to have a compliance monitor in place but were  required  to  report  annually  on  their  anti-corruption programs  to  authorities  during  the  DPA's  three-year  term. Technip  Energies  N.V.  and  Technip  Energies  USA  submitted the final  report  as  well  as  the  certifications  required  under the DPA on May 25, 2022. The DPA expired on June 25, 2022, and was dismissed by the Eastern District Court of New York on  January  5,  2023.  Separately,  Technip  Energies  N.V.  and Technip  Energies  USA  were  also  subject  to  a  Cease  and Desist Order by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (' SEC ').  The three-year term of the Cease and Desist Order ended on September 23, 2022. On October 3, 2022, Technip Energies  N.V.  and  Technip  Energies  USA  submitted  to  the SEC  the  final certification of their  compliance  with  all undertakings set forth in the Cease and Desist Order.

To date, the investigation by the PNF has related to certain historical  projects  in  Equatorial  Guinea,  Ghana  and  Angola and  has  not  reached  a  resolution.  Technip  Energies  and TechnipFMC  are  cooperating  and  Technip  Energies  remains committed to finding a resolution with the PNF.

There  is  no  certainty  that  a  settlement  with  PNF  will  be reached.  The  PNF  has  a  broad  range  of  potential  sanctions under anticorruption laws and regulations that it may seek to impose  in appropriate circumstances including, but not limited  to,  fines,  penalties,  the  appointment  of  a  monitor, and  modifications  to  business  practices  and  compliance programs.  Any  of  these  measures,  if applicable to the Company,  as  well  as  potential  customer  reaction  to  such measures,  could  have  a  material  adverse  impact  on  its financial position or profitability. The financial consequences of these investigations are to be retained by TechnipFMC by way of an indemnity provided by TechnipFMC to the Company under the Separation and Distribution Agreement. If  no  resolution  is  reached  with  the  PNF,  Technip  Energies subsidiaries  could  be  subject  to  criminal  proceedings  in France, the outcome of which cannot be predicted.

For further information please refer to section 4.3.4.1. We are subject to an ongoing investigation by the French Parquet  National  Financier  related  to  historical  projects  in Equatorial Guinea, Ghana and Angola.

The  Group  is  involved  in  various  pending  or  potential  legal actions,  disputes  and  proceedings,  whether  initiated  by  the Company or by third parties (including governmental authorities)  any  of  which  could  result  in  sanctions  of  a financial,  administrative  or  criminal  nature.  Management  is unable  to  predict  the  ultimate  outcome  of  these  actions because of their inherent uncertainty. However, management believes that the most probable, ultimate resolution of these matters  will  not  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  the Company's financial position or profitability.

In  2003,  Petrobras  B.V.  (' PNBV ')  and  FSTP,  a  Joint  Venture between Keppel (75%)  and  Technip  Brasil  Engenharia  (25%) signed  a  contract  for  construction  of  the  P-52  offshore platform  (the  ' Project ').  In  2007  the  Brazilian  Tribunal  de Contas da União (' TCU ') contested the validity of an amendment  to  the  contract  which  compensated  FSTP  for additional  costs  incurred  in  relation  to  the  Project  (the ' Contested  Payments ').  To  ensure  project  completion  and avoid  suspension  of  payments  pending  the  outcome  of proceedings  initiated  by  the  TCU  to  recover  the  Contested Payments, FSTP issued a USD 126M letter of credit in favor of PNBV, with the Company being responsible for 25%. Proceedings  relating  to  the  Contested  Payments  have  been ongoing since 2007. Technip Energies and Keppel continue to contest  TCU's  efforts  to  have  PNBV  recover  the  Contested Payments.

## Remuneration report

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| •  CHAIR OF COMPENSATION  COMMITTEE MESSAGE  218  •  TECHNIP ENERGIES KEY  PRACTICE IN DETERMINING  EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION  220  •  RESPONSIVENESS TO  STAKEHOLDERS'  FEEDBACK  221  6.1.  REMUNERATION  AT A GLANCE  222  Overview 2022  222  Overview 2023 (subject to  Shareholders' vote)  224  6.2.  MAIN ELEMENTS OF THE  CURRENT REMUNERATION  POLICY  226  6.2.1.  Executive Director remuneration  policy  226  6.2.2.  Non-executive Directors'  remuneration policy  227  6.3.  THE COMPENSATION PEER  GROUP  228  6.4.  LIMITATION ON LIABILITY  AND INDEMNIFICATION  MATTERS  228  6.5.  OTHER ARRANGEMENTS  228  6.6.  APPLICATION OF THE  REMUNERATION POLICY  IN 2022  229  6.6.1.  Executive Director remuneration  229  6.6.2.  Non-Executive Directors  remuneration  235  6.6.3.  Historical LTI grants and holdings  235  6.7.  CHANGES TO  REMUNERATION UNDER  THE 2023 POLICY  237  6.7.1.  Executive Director remuneration  237  6.7.2.  Non-Executive Directors  remuneration  241   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Alison Goligher Chair of the Compensation Committee -

99

<!-- image -->

## · REVISION OF THE REMUNERATION POLICY

At the 2022 AGM, shareholders were asked to cast an advisory vote on the Remuneration Report for the first time.  The  2021  Remuneration  Report  was  approved with 64% of the votes. Given this outcome and in line with  its  commitment,  the  Compensation  Committee undertook a fundamental review of the Remuneration Policy,  to  continue  to  improve  alignment  with  best practices while appropriately serving executive retention and incentivization goals.

The current Remuneration Policy was adopted in 2021 at  the  time  of  the  Spin-off  and  was  intended  to  run for  four  years  up  to  the  2025  AGM.  However,  in consideration  of  the  shareholders'  feedback  and  the review made with the support of an external remuneration  expert,  the  Compensation  Committee believes several enhancements are necessary. Accordingly,  a  revised  Remuneration  Policy  will  be proposed for adoption at the 2023 AGM.

## Dear Shareholder,

On behalf of the Compensation Committee and the Board of  Directors,  I  am  pleased  to  report  on  the  activities  of the Committee  in  2022  and  to introduce our  2022 Remuneration Report.

## · A NEWLY INCORPORATED COMPANY

Incorporated in the Netherlands since 2021 following the spin-off from New-York and Paris listed TechnipFMC, the Board  of  Directors  aims  to  offer  a  Remuneration  Policy supporting Technip Energies strategic long-term objectives  and  the  repositioning  of  its  business  to  align with the energy transition, while navigating a very competitive talent market environment.

To  ensure  our  approach  to  remuneration  is  aligned  with the views of our stakeholders, the Board is committed to an  ongoing  and  constructive  dialogue  with  shareholders, proxy advisors and key stakeholders. This proactive engagement was started ahead of the 2022 AGM and led to  a  number  of  adjustments  including,  among  other, eliminating  the  grant  of  equity-based  compensation  to Non-Executive Directors as well as removing any potential vesting below median performance for the TSR long-term incentive performance indicator.

In order to further align the CEO's compensation structure with the market practice among peer companies and as a response to shareholders' concerns, the  Compensation Committee proposes to eliminate the long-term time-based component (Restricted Stock Units, previously 30% of the long-term component) and reduce the  long-term  component  cap  (from  600%  to  450%  of annual  base  salary).  The  proposed  changes  are  aligned with  the  Board's  willingness  to  have  the  majority  of  our Executive Director's remuneration package at risk, aligned with the long-term interests of shareholders and a reasonable but competitive pay practice.

In addition, and to ensure the attractiveness and sustainability  of  the  Remuneration  Policy  over  the  longterm, it is proposed to introduce a supplementary defined contribution pension plan (25% of annual base salary) as an  optional  feature  in  the  Remuneration  Policy.  We  are mindful  of  shareholders'  and  stakeholders'  attention  to pay magnitude, and therefore the pension component will be  included  in  the  long-term  incentive  target  nominal grant date value (275% of annual base salary) and newly introduced cap (450% of annual base salary). As such it won't  lead  to  an  increase  in  the  total  remuneration package.

Finally, this comprehensive review is also an opportunity to:

- ■ outline the Board's discretion power  in line with shareholder's expectations;
- ■ clarify termination conditions and post mandate vesting rules;
- ■ formally  reflect  the  adjustments  already  announced ahead of the 2022 AGM.

Having consulted with shareholders (representing ~40% of the  capital  of  the  Company)  and  proxy  advisors  before finalizing this revised Remuneration Policy, we trust these changes will be viewed positively.

A  summary  of  the  changes  is  provided  in  section  6.7. Changes to Remuneration under the 2023 Policy. The full Remuneration  Policy,  as  submitted  to  shareholder  vote, will  be  made  available  on  Technip  Energies  website  at https://investors.technipenergies.com.

## · 2022 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS AND OUTCOMES

The 2022 Remuneration Report is subject to an advisory vote. In it, we look back on the year 2022 and report on the Company's performance.

The war in Ukraine compromised the Company's ability to execute the Arctic LNG 2 project which had an impact on Project  Delivery  revenue  trajectory  in  2022.  Despite  this challenge,  adjusted  recurring  EBIT  increased  benefiting from  revenue  growth  in  the  higher-margin  Technologies Product Services (TPS) segment and strong execution on

LNG  and  downstream  projects.  The  growth  of  the  TPS segment resulted from higher project management consultancy and engineering services activity in the Middle East, and improved activity in sustainable chemistry as well as Process Technology activity.

Regarding  the  ESG  roadmap,  the  Company  reported  the full  Scope  3  GHG  emission,  and  completed  the  climate, ESG training, and gender diversity objectives above targets. Sadly, 2 fatalities were reported in 2022, resulting in  0%  achievement  for  this  measure.  As  a  result  of  the fatalities,  the  total  maximum  achievable  for  the  ESG measure was capped at 100%. Investigation into the root causes were led by the CEO and a refreshed PULSE safety program was rolled out.

When considering the application of upwards or downwards discretion, the Committee considered whether the outcomes on executive remuneration were in line  with  the  Company  performance  as  a  whole  and considered the experience of all stakeholders during the year.  Despite  the  disruptive  impact  of  the  tragic  war  in Ukraine, the Committee determined that no discretion be applied to any outcomes. Finally,  the  Compensation Committee acknowledged the strong personal contribution  and  resilience  demonstrated  by  the  CEO  in delivering  a  very  strong  set  of  financial  results  coupled with strategic and organizational developments in 2022.

## · LOOKING AHEAD TO 2023

The Committee undertook to set challenging performance indicators for 2023 to ensure further alignment with the Company's priorities and sustainable performance. Therefore,  the  Committee  decided  to  change  the  TPS Growth underlying  metric  from  a  revenue  to  a  Book-tobill  measure.  In  addition,  the  assessment  of  scope  3 criteria  being  completed,  an  objective  to  build  an  action plan to increase our commitments on scope 4 has been set (emissions saved or avoided due to Technip Energies technologies and solution) which is critical in the Company's strategy and impact on climate. Moreover, and to  sustain  the  Group's  upskilling  ambition  program,  an objective of learning hours per employee is introduced to replace the ESG training module measure which has been achieved in 2022.

The full  details  of  the  2023  remuneration  measures  can be read in section 6.7.1. of this report.

On behalf of the Compensation Committee and the Board of  Directors,  I  would  like  to  thank  our  shareholders  and other  stakeholders  for  their  engagement  and  for  sharing transparently their view on executive remuneration.

## Alison Goligher

Chair of the Compensation Committee

<!-- image -->

## TECHNIP ENERGIES KEY PRACTICE IN DETERMINING EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Our Remuneration Policy is designed to reflect and support our  vision  for  the  continued  growth  and  prosperity  for  the Company, while embedding our purpose and values by:

- ■ Motivating  the  Executive  Director  to  achieve  and  exceed Technip Energies' short-term and long-term business and ESG objectives.
- ■ Aligning  the  interests  of  the  Executive  Director  with  our shareholders  by  focusing  the  Remuneration  Policy  on
- drivers of sustainable value creation and by ensuring most of the executive compensation is at risk.
- ■ Providing  a  compensation  package  that  is  competitive  in the market and allows Technip Energies to attract, incentivize  and  retain  exceptionally  talented  individuals who can deliver on the Company's vision and strategy.

| What we do  What we don't do  Determine a Remuneration Policy that is transparent and  supports our ambition to attract and retain the best talent  and ensures alignment between the Company and our  shareholders  Grant excessive perquisites, benefits, or pension payments  Pay for performance by aligning performance measures with  our strategy (including ESG related KPIs in full accordance  with Technip Energies' purpose) and ensure that the CEO's  total remuneration is mostly at risk  Pay variable remuneration components in the event of poor  performance of the Company  Ensure we stay abreast of market trends and expectations by  retaining the services of an independent specialist company  providing support and advice on all topics related to  governance and Remuneration Policy, including external total  remuneration benchmarks to help the Compensation  Committee in setting the CEO's remuneration within  competitive market ranges  Select metrics in the short and long-term incentive programs  that are intangible or not aligned with the Company's  strategy, uncap incentives, and guarantee bonuses for the  CEO  Maintain clawback provisions for performance-based  compensation and forfeiture provisions in our equity awards  Allow pledging or hedging of Company stocks held by officers  Maintain an open dialogue with shareholders to ensure we  can include their feedback to continuously improve our  Remuneration Policy  Remain indifferent to our stakeholders' feedback   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## RESPONSIVENESS TO STAKEHOLDERS' FEEDBACK

Technip  Energies,  its  Board  of  Directors  and  Compensation  Committee  value  the  feedback  received  from  its  investors, shareholders and other key stakeholders. In response to the shareholder engagement held in Q1 2022, the following changes were initiated in 2022:

| What we heard  What we did  Avoid awarding remuneration in the form of shares to the  Non-Executive Directors  The  remuneration  of  the  Non-Executive  Directors  was  modified  by  eliminating  the  award  of  time  based  Restricted  Stock Units (RSUs)  Avoid vesting for below median performance for the TSR  measure performance  The payout scale for TSR performance has been modified to  ensure there is no payout below median performance  Avoid granting time-based restricted stock units to the  Executive Director  Technip Energies decided to bring forward the review of the  Remuneration Policy. As part of this review, the revised Policy,  which will be submitted to the AGM for a vote in May 2023,  proposes to cease granting time-based Restricted Stock Units  (RSUs  i.e.  shares  without  performance  indicators)  to  the  Executive Director starting in 2023  Consider reducing the long-term incentive maximum  opportunity  Technip Energies decided to bring forward the review of the  Remuneration  Policy.  As  part  of  the  Remuneration  Policy  review  process,  it  is  proposed  to  reduce  the  long-term  component cap from 600% to 450% of annual base salary  Reduce the weight of the qualitative component and improve  the level of disclosure  In  the  2022  Remuneration  Report,  Technip  Energies  has  improved  the  disclosure  of  the  achievement  of  short-term  incentive  program  non-financial  metrics  in  order  to  help  its  stakeholders to better understand the link between the pay-  out and the effective performance. In addition, as part of the  Remuneration Policy review process, it is proposed to reduce  the maximum weight of the individual qualitative component  (from 25% to 20%)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 6.1. REMUNERATION AT A GLANCE

## OVERVIEW 2022

For 2022, the remuneration package of the Technip Energies Executive Director is outlined below. The 2021 Executive Director package is provided for reference and comparison purposes.

<!-- image -->

* Prorated amount from the annual base salary of €900,000 from February 16 to December 31, 2021.

| ## Arnaud Pieton  2022  Annual base salary  (€)  900,000  Annual performance bonus  (€)  1,035,900  Annual performance bonus payout  (%)  115.1 %  Number of granted PSUs  152,575  Number of granted RSUs  65,390  Total LTI granted fair value  (€)  2,329,951  Total Direct Compensation (€)  4,265,851  Pension  (€)  13,164  Other benefits  (€)  17,181  TOTAL REMUNERATION  (€)  4,296,195   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Technip Energies' Executive Director compensation structure aligns short-term and long-term objectives (business and ESG) with short-term and long-term performance-based compensation.

<!-- image -->

* For 2022 the total amount contributed to the collective defined contribution plan (art. 83) was equal to 8% of the gross compensation above four times the annual French social security limit and capped at eight times the annual French social security limit was €13,164.
- ** For 2022, The benefits offered to the Executive Director are similar to the benefits granted to other executives of Technip Energies. For 2022, the total costs of the benefits provided to the Executive Director accounted for €17,181.

## 2022 NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

| Director  Retainer  Chair Fee  Observer  Committee  Meeting Fees  Total Fees  FY2022  Arnaud Caudoux (1)  0.0€  0.0€  0.0€  0.0€  0.0€  Colette Cohen (2)  59,093.4€  0.0€  9,092.4€  18,000.0€  86,185.8€  Pascal Colombani (3)  30,906.6€  3,167.6€  0.0€  5,000.0€  39,074.2€  Marie-Ange Debon  90,000.0€  18,000.0€  0.0€  14,000.0€  122,000.0€  Simon Eyers  90,000.0€  0.0€  0.0€  14,000.0€  104,000.0€  Alison Goligher  90,000.0€  12,500.0€  0.0€  28,000.0€  130,500.0€  Didier Houssin  90,000.0€  8,207.4€  0.0€  14,000.0€  112,207.4€  Joseph Rinaldi  250,000.0€  0.0€  0.0€  10,000.0€  260,000.0€  Nello Uccelletti  90,000.0€  0.0€  0.0€  14,000.0€  104,000.0€  Francesco Venturini  (4)  59,093.4€  0.0€  0.0€  9,000.0€  68,093.4€   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Mr. Arnaud Caudoux waived his cash remuneration because of the policies of his employer, Bpifrance.

(2) Ms. Colette Cohen attended the February 28 and April 21 2022 Board Sessions as an Observer and received €9,092 in fees.

(3) Mr. Pascal Colombani stood down from the Board at the time of the AGM on May 5, 2022.

(4) Mr. Francesco Venturini joined the Board at the AGM on May 5 2022

<!-- image -->

## OVERVIEW 2023 (SUBJECT TO SHAREHOLDERS' VOTE)

For 2023, the proposed target remuneration package of the Executive Director is described below.

Overview of the new target remuneration package:

<!-- image -->

* For 2023, the collective defined contribution plan (art. 83) provides contributions equal to 8% of the gross compensation above four times the annual French social security limit and capped at eight times the annual French social security limit.
- ** For 2023, the benefits offered to the Executive Director are similar to the benefits granted to other executives of Technip Energies.

The chart below shows the proposed remuneration structure at target and maximum levels.

## Proposed remuneration package structure for 2023

(in k€)

<!-- image -->

At maximum

As  illustrated  above,  the  proposed  2023  CEO  remuneration package is divided into four main elements:

- ■ Annual base salary represents 21% of the total compensation at target, 13% at maximum level;
- ■ Annual  performance  bonus represents 21% of  the  total compensation at target, 27% at maximum;

Effective  March  1,  2022,  the  total  remuneration  for  the  Non-Executive  Directors  was  modified  by  eliminating  the  award  of Restricted Stock.

## 2023 - NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

| Chairperson annual retainer  €250,000  Board member annual retainer  €90,000  Annual Chair fee  €18,000 for Audit Committee  €12,500 for Compensation Committee  €12,500 for ESG Committee  Committee meeting fee  €3,000 per Committee meeting   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Compensation Committee will retain the discretion to modify the value of compensation, should this be considered appropriate. Where any discretion is exercised, the basis of this exercise will be disclosed in the next Remuneration Report. Each Non-Executive Director will be reimbursed for reasonable incidental expenses incurred in connection with the attendance of Board and Committee meetings.

- ■ Long-term incentives represent 53% of the total compensation at target, 57% at maximum;
- ■ DC  Pension  Plan  (Art.  82 )  represents 5% of  the  total compensation at target, 3% at maximum.

<!-- image -->

## 6.2.  MAIN ELEMENTS OF THE CURRENT REMUNERATION POLICY

Technip  Energies'  Remuneration  Policy  was  approved  by  the  General  Meeting  of  Shareholders  of  Technip  Energies  on February 15, 2021, and took effect on February 16, 2021. The Compensation Committee has conducted a global review of the Remuneration  Policy  during  the  2022  fiscal  year.  The  contemplated  changes  are  presented  at  section  6.7.  Changes  to Remuneration  under  the  2023  Policy  of  the  current  Remuneration  Report.  A  summary  of  the  main  elements  from  the Remuneration Policy applicable in 2022 is presented below for information purpose.

## 6.2.1.  EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION POLICY

The Executive Directors' Remuneration Policy is applicable to the CEO of Technip Energies who is currently the sole Executive Director.

| Purpose and link  to strategy  Operation  Policy level  Maximum Payment  Annual base  salary  Reflect and be  aligned with the  global energy and  energy transition  market practices in  order to attract and  retain exceptionally  talented individuals  Reviewed annually or following a  change in responsibilities with  changes usually taking effect from  March 1 of a given year.  When reviewing the annual base  salary level, the Compensation  Committee considers key parameters  such as Executive Director individual  performance, economic conditions,  market pay levels, etc.  Refer to  section 6.6.1.  Executive  Director  remuneration  Not applicable, the  annual base salary is a  set amount determined  at the beginning of the  year by the  Compensation  Committee  Annual  performance  bonus  Incentivize  achievement of  Technip Energies'  annual financial and  strategic targets  which may include  but are not limited to  ESG targets. Provide  focus on key financial  metrics and an  Executive Director's  contributions to  Technip Energies'  performance  Performance measures and stretch  targets are set annually in advance  by the Compensation Committee:  ■The majority of the bonus is based  on financial performance. However,  operational, strategic and  individual targets may also be  used;  ■75% of the bonus is based on  business performance indicators  (BPIs) comprising financial metrics,  and 25% of the bonus is based on  an annual performance incentive  comprising personal targets;  ■The award will usually be paid out  in cash after the end of the  financial year.  The target annual  performance  bonus is set at  100% of the  annual base  salary  The maximum  achievable annual  performance bonus  amount is 200% of the  annual base salary.  No bonus will be paid  for below threshold  performance  Long-term  incentives  Incentivize an  Executive Director to  deliver superior long-  term returns to  Shareholders  ■PSUs: an award of a right to  receive Technip Energies Shares  subject to achievement of  applicable performance indicators  assessed over a period of three  years, subject to continuous  service; and  ■RSUs: an award of a right  to receive Technip Energies Shares  that vest three years from grant,  subject to continuous service.  Current weighting is:  ■70% PSUs; and  ■30% RSUs.  The target  nominal grant  date value of  long-term  incentive granted  to an Executive  Director per  annum is set at  275% of  the annual base  salary  The maximum grant  date fair value of long-  term incentive awards  granted to Executive  Directors per annum will  be 3 times the sum of  such Director's annual  base salary and target  annual bonus   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Purpose and link to  strategy  Operation and Policy level  Pension  and other  retirement  benefits  Provide competitive  post-retirement  benefits, see under  'Annual base salary-  Purpose and link to  strategy'.  Provision  of  market-competitive  retirement  benefits  may  vary  based  on  the  location in which an Executive Director is based.  In addition to pension and other retirement benefits available to French employees  in  general,  an  Executive  Director  may  participate  in  a  supplementary  French  defined contribution plan, to which other French executives of the Company are  eligible  and  which  provides  for  contributions  equal  to  8%  of  the  gross  compensation above four times the annual French social security (  Sécurité sociale  )  limit and capped at eight times such limit.  Benefits  and perquisites  To provide market  competitive benefits  and to facilitate the  performance of an  Executive Director in  his/her duties.  An  Executive  Director  is  eligible  to  receive  benefits  which  are  similar  to  those  provided to other executives of the Company and that may include, but are not  limited  to:  personal  tax  assistance,  use  of  company  cars,  medical,  vision  and  dental benefits, sickness, death and dismemberment benefits. Benefits may vary  by location.  The actual value of benefits and perquisites varies depending on the cost to the  business and individual Executive Director's circumstances.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.2.2.  NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION POLICY

The Non-Executive Directors' Remuneration Policy is applicable to all Non-Executive Directors.

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS WILL BE COMPENSATED IN CASH ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TABLE BELOW

| Chairperson annual retainer  €250,000  Board member annual retainer  €90,000  Annual Chair fee  €18,000 for Audit Committee  €12,500 for Compensation Committee  €12,500 for ESG Committee  Committee meeting fee  €3,000 per Committee meeting   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Compensation Committee will retain the discretion to modify the value of compensation, should this be considered appropriate. Where any discretion is exercised, the basis of this exercise will be disclosed in the next Remuneration Report. Each Non-Executive Director will be reimbursed for reasonable incidental expenses incurred in connection with the attendance of Board and Committee meetings.

<!-- image -->

## 6.3.  THE COMPENSATION PEER GROUP

For  the  purposes  of  benchmarking  the  total  direct  compensation  of  the  Executive  Director  for  2022,  the  Compensation Committee reviewed the Compensation Peer Group in 2021 to include additional companies which would be strong competitors for  the  services  of  the  Executive  Director  and  to  better  reflect  the  strategic  direction  of  Technip  Energies  and  its  aspired strategic intent. No changes were made to the Compensation Peer Group during 2022.

| European companies  US companies  APAC companies  Aker Carbon Capture ASA  AECOM  Chiyoda Corporation*  Aker Solutions ASA*  Baker Hughes Co  JGC Holdings Corp*  John Wood Group PLC*  Fluor Corp*  Worley Ltd*  Linde PLC*  KBR Inc  Maire Tecnimont Group*  Petrofac Ltd  Saipem SpA*  SBM Offshore NV  Schlumberger NV  Siemens Energy Global GmbH &amp; Co. KG  Subsea 7 SA  TechnipFMC PLC  Tecnicas Reunidas SA*   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Companies belonging to the TSR panel.

## 6.4.  LIMITATION ON LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION MATTERS

Under Dutch law, a member of the Technip Energies Board and certain other officers may be held liable for damages in the  event  of  improper  or  negligent  performance  of  their duties.  They  may  be  held  jointly  and  severally  liable  for damages  to Technip Energies and to third parties for infringement  of  the  Articles  of  Association  or  of  certain provisions of the Dutch Civil Code Burgerlijk Wetboek (BW). In  certain  circumstances,  they  may  also  incur  additional specific civil and criminal liabilities.

Directors  and  certain  members  of  senior  management  are insured  under  an  insurance  policy  taken  out  by  Technip Energies against damages resulting from their conduct when acting in their capacities as Directors or senior managers. In addition, Technip Energies' Articles of Association provide for indemnification of Technip Energies' Directors, including

## 6.5.  OTHER ARRANGEMENTS

Technip Energies does not provide loans or advance to the members of the Board of Directors.

reimbursement  for  reasonable  legal  fees  and  damages  or fines  based  on  acts  or  failures  to  act  in  their  duties.  No indemnification  shall  be  given  to  a  member  of  Technip Energies Board if (i) a Dutch court has established, without possibility  for  appeal,  that  the  acts  or  omissions  of  such indemnified person that led to the financial losses, damages, suit,  claim,  action  or  legal  proceedings  can  be  described  as deliberate  ( opzettelijk ),  willfully  reckless  ( bewust  roekeloos ) or  seriously  culpable,  (ii)  the  costs  or  capital  losses  of  the indemnified  person  are  covered  by  an  insurance  policy  and the insurer has paid out these costs or capital losses, or (iii) the  indemnified  person  failed  to  notify  Technip  Energies  as soon  as  possible  of  the  costs  or  capital  losses  or  of  the circumstances that could lead to the costs or capital losses.

## 6.6.  APPLICATION OF THE REMUNERATION POLICY IN 2022

In accordance with article 2:135b of the Dutch Civil Code, application of the Remuneration Policy in 2022 will be submitted to a non-binding vote of the Shareholders at the May 10, 2022 General Shareholders Meeting.

Set forth below is information regarding the Executive Director of Technip Energies as of May 10, 2023.

| Name  Age  Position  Arnaud Pieton  49  Chief Executive Officer   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.6.1.  EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION

## Annual base salary

In  accordance  with  the  Remuneration  Policy,  and  with  due observance of the most recent advisory vote results of the General Meeting on May 5, 2022 regarding the Remuneration Report, the Board of Directors set the annual base salary of the  Executive  Director  at  €900,000  for  fiscal  year  2022, which  is  unchanged  compared  to  2021.  This  figure  was determined  by  considering  salaries  within  Technip  Energies and by comparison with the median level of Chief Executive pay at companies within the Compensation Peer Group which was  also  used  as  a  reference  to  compare  the  total  direct compensation and other individual components of the Executive Director's compensation in 2022, with median level being the focus.

## Short-term incentive - Annual performance bonus

The 2022 annual performance bonus program was determined as follows:

1. Adjusted Recurring EBIT (30% weighting): chosen to align and  drive  the  profitability  of  Technip  Energies,  Adjusted Recurring EBIT represents the profit before financial expense  (as described in section 2.3. Operating  and financial review) and it is supplemented with a target on SG&amp;A - Selling expenses (primarily costs incurred to win a contract) and General and Administrative expenses (mainly  personal  costs,  professional  services  fees,  office facilities and other support overhead costs).
2. 2 .  Growth  of  revenues  generated  by  the  higher  margin business of the Technology, Products &amp; Services segment (' TPS ')  (30%  weighting)  was  chosen  to  drive  alignment with  the  future  development  priorities  of  the  business with a target on Adjusted Recurring EBIT of TPS Revenue to monitor the profitability in this area.
3. ESG objectives  (weighting  25%)  which  comprise  a  set  of four  indicators  which  reflect  some  of  the  main  ESG priorities:
- 5%: HSE - achieve 0 fatalities in 2022,
- 10%: assessment and action plan to report 100% of our scope 3 in 2023,
- 5%: up to 90% of employees having completed an ESG training module explaining our Company's vision on this key topic,
- 5%:  young  graduates  -  50%  female  in  new  graduate intake.

These  indicators  are  derived  from  our  ESG  scorecard  to highlight  the  importance  of  embedding  our  ESG  framework and  roadmap  in  our  culture  and  business  practices  and ensures accountability and transparency of their implementation.

4. Individual  objectives  (15%  weighting)  set  to  ensure  focus on  the  key  priorities  for  2022  (these  are  detailed  in  the table Individual objectives page 231):
- Safety,
- People,
- Strategy.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The  payout  curves  for  2022  were  set  according  to  the following rules:

- ■ no payout for below threshold performance,
- ■ for 'on-target' performance, the payout is up to 100% of target value,
- ■ for maximum performance, the payout is up to 200% of target value.

## 2022 Annual performance bonus results

For 2022, the Executive Director achieved a total performance of 115.1% against the targets set.

| Annual performance bonus  indicators  Weighting  as % of  target  bonus  Threshold  performance  Target  performance  Max.  performance  Actual  result  Achieved  performance  Payout as  of target  0%  100%  200%  Financial  indicators  % EBIT of Revenue  and target on  SG&amp;A  30%  ≤ 6.0%  6.5%  ≥ 7.3%  7.0 %  131.9%  39.6%  ≥ €360 M  €325 M  ≤ €285 M  €319.5 M  TPS Revenue  Growth vs 2021  and target on TPS  EBIT  30%  ≤ 0.0%  12.0%  ≥ 25.0%  7.5 %  84.4%  25.3%  ≤ 8.0%  9.2 %  ≥ 11.0%  9.3 %  TOTAL  60%  108.2%  64.9%  Non-  financial  indicators  ESG objectives:  HSE - achieve 0  fatality in 2022  (1)  5%  no  yes  2  -%  -%  Assessment and  action plan to  report 100% of our  scope 3 in 2023  10%  no  yes  &gt; 50% of  reporting  Yes and  reporting  started  130.0%  13.0%  Up to 90% of  employees having  completed an ESG  training module  explaining our  Company's vision  on this key topic  5%  &lt; 80%  90%  100%  92.6 %  126.0%  6.3%  Young graduates -  50% female in  new graduate  intake  5%  &lt; 40%  50%  ≥ 60%  51,7%  117.0%  5.9%  TOTAL  25%  100.6%  25.0%  (1)  Business performance  indicators  85%  105.9%  89.9%  Individual objectives  (2)  15%  0%  100%  200%  Board  assessment  168%  25.2%  TOTAL PAYOUT  115.1%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The payout of the ESG portion is capped at 100% in case the 0 fatality objective is not met

(2) The individual objectives are described in the following section below.

The financial indicators and measures have been set at the beginning of 2022, before the start of the war in Ukraine. During the year, the Committee considered potential changes to indicators and targets, and it resulted into no adjustments made to the indicators and performance measures set at the start of the year.

## Financial measures

- ■ 2022  Adjusted  Revenue  slightly  reduced  year-on-year  by 3.6%  to  €6.4.  billion.  The  impact  of  the  war  in  Ukraine compromised  our  ability  to  execute  the  Arctic  LNG  2 project where an exit framework agreement was signed in the  third  quarter,  providing  a  clear  pathway  to  a  full handover  of  our  remaining  contractual  obligations.  While this  event  had  an  impact  on  Project  Delivery  revenue trajectory  in  2022  (decrease  of  6.3%  year-over-year),  the underlying Project Delivery portfolio (excluding Arctic

LNG 2)  delivered  significant  growth  buoyed  by  the  ramp up of major LNG and downstream projects, and continued to benefit from strong operational execution.

- ■ Adjusted  recurring  EBIT (1) increased  by  4.7%  year-overyear, benefiting from margin expansion to 7.0%, up 50 bps versus 2021, despite lower revenues year-over-year. Profitability benefited from revenue growth in the highermargin  TPS  segment,  and  strong  execution  on  LNG  and

(1) Adjusted recurring EBIT: adjusted profit before net financial expense and income taxes adjusted for items considered as non-recurring.

Interpolation is linear between these points for the Business Performance Indicators. The individual performance is measured  and  approved  by  the  Compensation  Committee based on the achievements of the Executive Director.

downstream  projects  in  the  later  phases  of  completion that delivered a material improvement in Project Delivery margins, despite a year-over-year increase in SG&amp;A costs which normalized at a higher level in 2022, €319.5 million (after  restatement  of  €8M  foreign  exchange  negative impact), following the spin-off in 2021.

- ■ The 7.5% growth of our TPS segment resulted from higher project management consultancy and engineering services activity  in  the  Middle  East,  and  improved  activity  in sustainable  chemistry  including  renewable  fuels,  as  well as  Process  Technology  activity,  including  licensing  and proprietary equipment, notably for PBAT, a biodegradable polymer,  and  ethylene.  Our  Loading  Systems  activities remained strong and we have seen a notable increase in engineering services for early-phase work in energy transition. TPS profitability increased modestly by 10 bps to 9.3% benefiting from higher volumes in Process Technology  licensing  and  proprietary  equipment,  notably in Sustainable Chemistry, higher activity levels for project management consultancy and advisory services performed by  Genesis  and  steady  activities  in  our  Loading  System products.

## ESG

- ■ Zero  fatalities  is  a  formalized  goal  as  part  of  our  ESG roadmap.  In  2022,  there  were  2  fatalities  on  our  project sites. This is a sad reminder to never give up on our safety culture,  high  safety  standards  and  incident  prevention initiatives. Safety and worker welfare will remain our top

## Individual objectives

## Indicators

| Individual  objectives  Safety  Continue to implement the plan for Active Safety &amp; Ethics Leadership  Improve YoY on leading and lagging indicators  Design, plan and implement a program &amp; protocols related to Human Rights for large  projects in sensitive countries  People  Develop and Implement Executive Committee career management &amp; succession  planning  Design, plan and kick-off first leadership program for Technip Energies  Strategy  Establish and implement 2023 - 2027 overall strategy  Design and implement the Technip Energies Investment &amp; Open innovation practice  program  Define a resilient and efficient commercial plan for 'derisking' the impact of  geopolitics events   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Executive Director's individual performance

2022 has been a challenging year for business as the world wrestled with the lasting effects of the zero COVID policy in China and the consequences of the conflict in Ukraine.

It is to be noted that the Executive Director's 2022 individual objectives  have  been  set  and  agreed  by  the  Board  of Directors,  upon  the  recommendation  of  the  Compensation Committee,  prior  to  the  situation  in  Ukraine  with  Russia where Technip Energies was actively engaged on executing a mega LNG project, namely Arctic LNG2.

While continuing to focus on the transformation of Technip Energies and preparing for its future, the course of 2022 has been  influenced  by  the  detailed  attention  required  of  the Executive  Director  and  his  team  to  manage  the  crisis  and organize  an  orderly  exit  from  the  Arctic  LNG2  project.  The goal  was  to  safeguard  Technip  Energies'  employees  and  to protect the Company from any net negative financial impact. The Compensation  Committee  acknowledged  the  strong personal  contribution  and  resilience  demonstrated  by  the CEO  in  delivering  a  very  strong  set  of  financial  results priority. Consequently, the performance on the other ESG objectives was capped at 100% .

- ■ Full scope 3 upstream GHG emission is reported one year ahead of schedule. The objective  was  to  build  an  action plan  in  2022  to  be  able  to  report  emissions  in  2023. Sustainability team managed to deliver this report ahead of schedule in 2022. Building on expertise and methodologies already deployed within other existing disciplines,  including  project  management  and  control, process and technology, engineering, procurement, transport,  construction,  digital,  and  HSE,  the  dedicated Climate Change and Actions team has been able to adapt, extend  and  combine  similar  processes  to  quantify  GHG emissions accurately and efficiently.
- ■ To  raise  awareness  of  our  people  on  ESG  matters  and promote  Technip  Energies'  ESG  roadmap  and  associated actions,  we  have  created  and  launched  an  e-learning module in June 2022. This has been a success with more than  92.6%  of  our  employees  having  completed  the training module by the end of 2022.
- ■ Gender  diversity  starts  at  recruitment,  which  is  why  we set  out  to  hire  50%  women  graduates  at  entry  level. Thanks to the mobilization our managers, People &amp; Culture teams and the appropriate resourcing policies throughout all  Technip  Energies  locations,  the  Company  is  proud  of having reached this target for the second year in a row. In 2022, 51.7% of graduates hired were women as part of the young graduate population.

coupled  with  strategic  and  organizational  developments  in 2022.

The  individual  performance  of  the  Executive  Director  has been assessed as follows:

- ■ Safety: maintaining Technip Energies' leadership in safety practices and standards is essential to its differentiation. A refreshed PULSE safety program was rolled out and the CEO  led  investigations  globally  into  the  root  causes  of incidents in the Company. Whilst the safety performance remained  strong  overall,  lagging  indicators  stayed  flat year-on-year.  The  Ethics  &amp;  Compliance  leadership  has been  strengthened  with  the  recruitment  and  onboarding of a seasoned Chief Compliance Officer. Under the Executive Director's leadership, Technip Energies has initiated the creation of a set of guidelines and standards related  to  Human  Rights  which  will  form  the  framework for large projects in sensitive countries.

<!-- image -->

- ■ People: tackling climate change and energy security is an urgent challenge which requires forming a capable organization  focused  on  the  right  topics  and  markets. Consistent with his ambition for Technip Energies to be a leader in the emerging Energy Transition business opportunities,  the  Executive  Director  delivered  on  the implementation  of  a  new  Executive  Committee  together with  a  matching  organizational  structure.  Externally,  the CEO's interventions have helped in shifting Technip Energies' positioning towards being recognized as a provider of low-carbon solutions, enhancing the attractiveness of Technip Energies as an employer of first choice in the marketplace for both emerging and mature talent. Preparing the future also included the creation and launch of Technip Energies' first leadership  program (Catalyst).
- ■ Strategy: the Executive Director is driving Technip Energies'  ambition  to  be  the  leading  technology  and engineering company in the delivery of solutions for a low carbon future. To that effect:
- A strategic plan 2023-2025 framework has been established under his direction and guidance,
- Consistent with the strategic framework, the Company implemented  a  plan  for  an  open  innovation  practice, entered into several strategic alliances, (notably in the domain  of  'Clean  Tech')  and  acquired  access  to  or interest in key technologies,
- Historical  core  businesses  activities  continued  to  be operated for value rather than volume,
- A  procurement  strategy  has  been  implemented,  with visible  results,  to  lower  Technip Energies' exposure to geopolitical risks.

The  Compensation  Committee  considered  the  performance of the Executive Director against the individual objectives as outlined above, the overall performance of the Company, the external  economic  and  geopolitical  environments  and  the Executive  Director's  resilience  and  leadership  throughout, and resolved to make no changes to the assessment of the performance versus objectives.

These are laid out below:

## TSR PEER GROUP

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| ## European companies  U.S. companies  ## APAC companies  ■Aker Solutions ASA  ■John Wood Group PLC  ■Linde PLC  ■Maire Tecnimont Group  ■Saipem SpA  ■Tecnicas Reunidas SA  ■Fluor Corp.  ■Chiyoda Corporation  ■JGC Holdings Corp.  ■Worley Ltd   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Technip Energies' performance is measured against the corresponding average performance of the panel of its peers. Earned PSUs  will  be  based  on  the  percentile  ranking  of  Technip  Energies'  TSR  against  the  peer  group's  results.  The  TSR  award structure provides no reward for achievement below median performance.

| TSR PERFORMANCE - Ranking  Below Rank 5 th  Rank 5 th  Rank 4 th  Rank 3 rd  Rank 1 st  or 2  nd  Earned PSUs (1)  (Return &gt;=0%)  0%  50%  100%  150%  200%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) If absolute TSR is less than 0%, achievement cannot be greater than 100%.

PSUs which are not acquired due to the lack of performance will be forfeited.

<!-- image -->

## Long-term incentive

The  long-term  Incentive program's  objective is to align incentives  with  the  long-term  value  creation  for  Technip Energies and its shareholders. The structure of the Executive Director's  long-Term  Incentive  program  (LTI)  award  in  2022 included  70%  Performance  Stock  Units  (PSUs)  and  30% Restricted  Stock  Units  (RSUs).  Both  PSUs  and  RSUs  are subject  to  continuous  service  with  Technip  Energies  during the vesting period. The target nominal grant has been set at 275% of the annual base salary.

The PSUs granted in 2022 are subject to three performance indicators measured over a three-year period. These indicators are:

1. The Total Shareholder Return (TSR) weighted at 37.5% of the grant.
2. The Basic Adjusted Earnings per Share (' EPS ') weighted at 37.5% of the grant.
3. The  ESG  performance,  weighted  at  25%  of  the  grant, which is measured by three equally weighted indicators:
- E: Reduce 30% on scopes 1 &amp; 2 GHG emissions by 2025 vs. 2019
- S: 25%  of  women  in  leadership  positions  including Executive Committee by 2025
- G: Continued reduction of non-mandatory commercial intermediaries: -100% by 2025

The  RSUs  are  not  subject  to  any  performance  indicator. However,  in  its  assessment,  the  Compensation  Committee can apply discretion should the performance of the Company in  the  round  not  support  the  award  of  some  or  all  of  the RSUs.  The  RSUs  are  designed  as  a  retention  tool  while reinforcing  the  long-term  alignment  of  the  interests  of  the Executive Director and Shareholders. The Committee considered the application of discretion to the award of the RSUs and resolved that no adjustments were necessary.

## Total Shareholder Return

The Total Shareholder Return (TSR) is the rate of return of a share  over  a  year  considering  the  payment  of  a  dividend during the period. The dividend is assumed to be reinvested immediately into the share itself at the closing share price of the dividend payment day. The calculated average for Technip  Energies  over  a  given  period  is  compared  to  the calculated average of the TSR peer group.

<!-- image -->

## Basic Adjusted Earnings per Share

Basic Adjusted Earnings per Share (' EPS ') is a key long-term performance metric which promotes the execution of Technip Energies' strategy to deliver profitable growth with a strong alignment with shareholders. The criterion is defined as  the  annual  rates  of  Basic  Adjusted  EPS  for  the  2022  to 2024 fiscal years.

Basic Adjusted EPS is calculated by dividing the Adjusted Net Income (Loss) attributable to Technip Energies Group by the weighted  average  number  of  common  shares  outstanding during the period adjusted for own shares held and without any dilution effect.

| EPS Performance (1)  ≤1,50  1.6  1.7  1.85  ≥2,0  0%  50%  100%  150%  200%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Interpolated on a straight-line basis between those points.

The PSUs which are not acquired due to the lack of performance will be forfeited.

## ESG Performance

In 2022, ESG performance indicators were added to the TSR and EPS performance indicators. This strengthens the alignment  with  sustainable  long-term  value  creation  and signals  the  Company's  commitment  to  embed  sustainable, socially responsible and ethical business practices.

The ESG indicators are part of the ESG Roadmap which lays out Technip Energies' commitments by the end of 2025.

| Threshold  Target  Maximum  Reduce scope 1 &amp; 2 GHG emissions  &lt; -19%  -21%  ≥ -23%  % Of women in leadership positions  ≤ 8%  11%  ≥ 19%  Reduction of non-mandatory commercial intermediaries  &lt; -23%  -23%  -75%  Earned PSUs matrix (1)  0%  50%  100%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Interpolated on a straight-line basis between threshold and maximum targets.

The details of the PSUs and RSUs granted in 2022 to the Executive Director are provided below:

| Type of grant  Grant  date  Nominal  value  at grant  date (1)  Fair value  at grant  date (2)  Number  of granted  rights  Vesting  period  Performance  indicator  Continuous  service  indicator  PSUs  03/28/2022  € 1,732,489  € 1,587,448  152,575  3 years  TSR / EPS /  ESG  Yes  RSUs  03/28/2022  € 742,503  € 742,503  65,390  3 years  Committee  discretion  Yes   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Based on the closing share price at the grant date, ie €11.355.

(2) Costs of performance shares based on accounting standards (IFRS).

As indicated in Technip Energies' Insider Trading Policy, the Executive  Director  must  comply  with  a  share  ownership requirement equivalent to three times his annual base salary which  is to be met  within five years  from his initial appointment date. The share ownership requirement:

- ■ Includes  shares  owned  outright,  RSUs,  PSUs  where  the performance period has been completed;
- ■ Excludes unexercised stock options, unvested PSUs, shares eventually held in retirement plans;
- ■ As  of  date,  the  shares  owned  outright  by  the  Executive Director amounts to 64,394 shares;
- ■ In consideration to RSUs to be vested on March 9, 2023, and RSUs granted in 2021 and 2022, the share ownership requirement  amounts  to  286,284  units  which  leads  the Executive  Director  to  comply  with  the  share  ownership requirement (with min stock price €9.43 and continuous service until March 28, 2025).

The targets for these measures were prorated to the end of the  2024  performance  year  to  align  with  the  three-year vesting period. The performance of the ESG indicators will be measured according to the following scales:

## Pension and other retirement benefits

As is the case with other Technip Energies' senior managers based  in  France  the  Executive  Director  participates  in  a collective  supplementary  French  defined  contribution  plan which  provides  for  contributions  equal  to  8%  of  the  gross compensation  above  four  times  the  annual  French  social security  limit  and  capped  at  eight  times  the  annual  French social security limit. For 2022, the total amount contributed to the plan was  €13,163.5 The  Executive Director also participated in the French mandatory pension scheme.

## Benefits and perquisites

The  total  cost  of  the  benefits  provided  to  the  Executive Director  for  fiscal  year  2022  amounted  to  €17,180.9.  These benefits  were  aligned  to  the  benefits  granted  to  other Technip  Energies'  senior  executives  in  France  and  included medical, death and disability coverage. The Executive Director is also eligible to a fully expensed company car.

## Service agreement

The service agreement of the Executive Director is fully aligned with the Remuneration Policy.

## 2022 Total remuneration

The total remuneration cost of the Executive Director for fiscal year 2022 was €4,296,195.

| Arnaud Pieton  2022  Annual base salary  (€)  900,000  Annual performance bonus  (€)  1,035,900  Annual performance bonus payout  (%)  115.1 %  Number of granted PSUs  152,575  Number of granted RSUs  65,390  Total LTI allocation fair value  (€)  2,329,951  Total Direct Compensation (€)  4,265,851  Pension  (€)  13,164  Other benefits  (€)  17,181  TOTAL REMUNERATION  (€)  4,296,195   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The table below presents the proportion of fixed and variable remuneration as a percentage of the total remuneration for the Executive Director, illustrating that more than 75% of the total remuneration is at risk.

| Proportion of fixed  and variable remuneration  (1)  % of annual  fixed  remuneration  % of annual  variable  remuneration  Chief Executive Officer, Arnaud Pieton  22 %  78 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Annual  fixed  remuneration  is  determined  as  the  sum  of  annual  base  salary,  pension  costs  and  other  benefits.  Annual  variable  remuneration  is determined as the sum of actual annual performance bonus and performance shares based on accounting standards (IFRS).

## Pay ratio consideration

Technip  Energies  strives  to  maintain  social  consensus  within  the  Company  on  compensation  issues  in  accordance  with  its remuneration philosophy and objectives.

As Technip Energies was formed in 2021, there is no pay ratio data before this date.

| Year  2022  2021  CEO remuneration  4,296,195  5,440,540  Average Technip Energies employee payroll cost  91,914  76,691  PAY RATIO  47  71   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The pay ratio is calculated by dividing the total remuneration of  the  Executive  Director  by  the  average  Technip  Energies employee payroll cost.

The  average  Technip  Energies employee  payroll cost is €91,914  in  2022.  It  was  calculated  considering  the  wages, salaries  and  other  pension  costs  for  a  total  amount  of €1,334.1 million (see Note 11. Expenses by nature) divided by the number  of Full Time Equivalent Employees as of December 31, 2022 for a total number of 14,515 (see Note 12. Payroll staff).

The  year-on-year  evolution  of  the  ratio  is  explained  by  the decrease  of the Executive Director's total  remuneration (decrease  of  annual  performance  bonus,  LTI  PSU  fair  value and  absence  of  special  LTI  grant)  and  the  increase  of  the average employee payroll cost mostly due to the closing of joint ventures in relation to the termination of our activities in Russia.

This ratio will continue to be taken into consideration in the determination of any adjustments to the Remuneration Policy and particular attention will be paid to its relative evolution over the years.

## 6.6.2.  NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS REMUNERATION

As presented in the 2021 Remuneration Report, based on a review  of  relevant  market  practice  among  relevant  peer groups operated in 2021,  the  Compensation  Committee proposed and the Non-Executives Directors approved, effective from March 1, 2022, modification to the remuneration of Non-Executive Directors in order to

## 2022 NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

| Director  Retainer  Chair Fee  Observer  Committee  Meeting Fees  Total Fees  FY2022  Arnaud Caudoux  (1)  0.0€  0.0€  0.0€  0.0€  0.0€  Colette Cohen  (2)  59,093.4€  0.0€  9,092.4€  18,000.0€  86,185.8€  Pascal Colombani  (3)  30,906.6€  3,167.6€  0.0€  5,000.0€  39,074.2€  Marie-Ange Debon  90,000.0€  18,000.0€  0.0€  14,000.0€  122,000.0€  Simon Eyers  90,000.0€  0.0€  0.0€  14,000.0€  104,000.0€  Alison Goligher  90,000.0€  12,500.0€  0.0€  28,000.0€  130,500.0€  Didier Houssin  90,000.0€  8,207.4€  0.0€  14,000.0€  112,207.4€  Joseph Rinaldi  250,000.0€  0.0€  0.0€  10,000.0€  260,000.0€  Nello Uccelletti  90,000.0€  0.0€  0.0€  14,000.0€  104,000.0€  Francesco Venturini  (4)  59,093.4€  0.0€  0.0€  9,000.0€  68,093.4€   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Mr. Arnaud Caudoux waived his cash remuneration because of the policies of his employer, Bpifrance.

(2) Ms. Colette Cohen attended the February 28 and April 21 2022 Board Sessions as an Observer and received €9,092 in fees.

(3) Mr. Colombani stood down at the AGM on May 5, 2022.

(4) Mr. Francesco Venturini joined the Board at the AGM on May 5, 2022.

## 6.6.3.  HISTORICAL LTI GRANTS AND HOLDINGS

## Technip FMC grants

In  connection with the separation of Technip Energies from TechnipFMC  plc,  the  outstanding  rights  to  receive  ordinary shares of TechnipFMC pursuant to Restricted Stock Unit and Performance Stock Unit awards held by the Executive Director  as  a  result  of  his  pre-separation  employment  with TechnipFMC  were  converted  into  RSUs  on  the  same  terms under Technip Energies long-term incentive programs.

The  same  principles  have  been  applied  to  the  outstanding options  to  purchase  ordinary  shares  of  TechnipFMC  which have been converted into stock options on the same terms under Technip Energies long-term Incentive programs.

The following elements correspond to the  TechnipFMC outstanding rights of the Executive Director at the Spin-off which have been converted into Technip Energies long-term Incentive programs.

| Plan  Grant date  Acquisition  date  Number of  granted rights  Number of  rights forfeited  Balance of  rights  Number of  vested and  negotiable  shares  RSU 2020  03/09/2020  03/09/2023  93,629  0  93,629  0  Plan  Grant date  Tax  maturity  Expiration  date  Exercise  price  Number of  options  granted  Number  of  options  forfeited  Number  of  options  unvested  Number  of options  non-  exercisable  Number  of options  exercisable  Number  of options  exercised  Number of  outstanding  options  SOP  02/26/2018  02/26/2018  02/26/2021  02/27/2028  37  13,359  0  0  0  13,359  0  13,359  SOP  03/08/2019  03/08/2019  03/08/2022  03/09/2029  26  30,822  0  0  30,822  0  0  30,822   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

eliminate  Restricted  Stock  Units  and  to  provide  for  annual cash  remuneration  for  Non-Executive  Directors  delivered  in 2022 as provided below.

<!-- image -->

## Technip Energies grants - Executive Directors

In accordance with the Remuneration Policy approved in 2021, the Executive Director has been granted long-term incentives under the Technip Energies' Incentive Award Plan.

In 2021, granted awards comprised:

- ■ PSUs: shares subject to performance indicators assessed over a period of 3 years, subject to continuous service;
- ■ RSUs: shares that vest 3 years from grant subject to continuous service.

| Plan  Grant date  Acquisition date  Number of  granted rights  Number of  rights forfeited  Balance of  rights  Number of  vested and  negotiable  shares  PSUs 2021  04/15/2021  03/01/2024  146,697  0  146,697  0  RSUs 2021  04/15/2021  03/01/2024  62,871  0  62,871  0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In order to better align interests and build team cohesiveness at  a  time  when  the  Company  was  facing  the  challenges  of establishing  itself  as  an  independent  company  in  the  midst of  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  the  Compensation  Committee awarded a special grant of shares to the Executive Committee  of  the  Company  on  April  15,  2021  including  the Executive Director.

The  special  grant  constituted  an  entitlement  to  receive shares in the form of PSUs at the end of two vesting periods as follows: 50% of PSUs are to vest after 18 months from the grant  date,  and  50%  of  PSUs  are  to  vest  after  30  months from the grant date.

| Plan  Grant date  Acquisition  date  Negotiability  date  Number of  granted rights  Number of  rights  forfeited  Balance  of rights  Number of  vested and  non-  negotiable  shares  PSUs - 1 st  tranche  04/15/2021  10/15/2022  04/15/2023  19,051  0  0  19,051*  PSUs - 2 nd  tranche  04/15/2021  10/15/2023  10/15/2023  19,052  0  19,052  0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* For the first tranche, the TSR performance indicator was met according to the LTI program terms and conditions, and approved by the Board of Directors on October 17, 2022.

## Technip Energies grants - Non-Executive Directors

In  accordance  with  the  Remuneration  Policy  approved  in  2021,  the  Non-Executive  Directors  have  been  granted  Restricted Stocks Units (RSUs) in April 2021. These RSUs have been granted under a non-qualified plan with a one-year vesting period. The acquired RSUs before and after taxes are detailed in the table below:

| Director  Grant date  Type  of grant  Number of  granted rights  Number of vested  rights  Balance  of rights after  tax (1)  Pascal Colombani (2)  04/15/2021  RSU  13,547  13,547  9,482  Marie-Ange Debon  04/15/2021  RSU  13,547  13,547  9,482  Simon Eyers  04/15/2021  RSU  13,547  13,547  11,812  Alison Goligher  04/15/2021  RSU  13,547  13,547  11,812  Didier Houssin  04/15/2021  RSU  13,547  13,547  9,482  Joseph Rinadi  04/15/2021  RSU  13,547  13,547  11,812  Nello Uccelletti  04/15/2021  RSU  13,547  13,547  11,812   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) According to tax residency (French / non-French).

(2) Mr. Colombani stood down at the AGM on May 5, 2022.

Effective  March  1,  2022,  the  total  remuneration  for  the  Non-Executive  Directors  was  modified  by  eliminating  the  award  of Restricted Stock.

## 6.7 CHANGES TO REMUNERATION UNDER THE 2023 POLICY

## REVISED REMUNERATION POLICY

Technip  Energies'  Remuneration  Policy  was  first  adopted  in 2021  at  the  time  of  the  separation  of  the  Company  from TechnipFMC.

As announced in Technip Energies' 2021 Remuneration Report and considering investors' feedback, the Compensation Committee undertook a review  of  the  Remuneration  Policy, to  continue  to  improve  alignment  with  best  practices  while appropriately serving executive retention and incentivization goals.  This  review  included  engagement  with  shareholders and other relevant stakeholders as well as a benchmark of the Compensation Peer Group pay disclosure and practices. The Compensation Committee recommended a revised Remuneration  Policy to the Board of Directors with a significant number of changes.

The Board of Directors approved the changes and the revised Remuneration  Policy  will  be  submitted  to  a  vote  of  the shareholders at the 2023 Annual General Meeting which will be  held  on  May  10,  2023.  Shareholders  approval  requires  a simple majority of the votes cast.

The  revised  Remuneration  Policy  will  be  posted  on  our website.

We  outline  below  the  proposed  changes  to  the  Directors Remuneration Policy.

## 6.7.1. EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION

## Annual base salary

The Compensation Committee considered the Compensation Peer Group as set out in section 6.3. The Compensation Peer Group and recommended no changes. This allows continuity and consistency with the previous policy.

## Short-term incentive - Annual performance bonus

For  2023,  Technip  Energies  decided  to  maintain  the  same structure for the short-term incentive - annual performance bonus, with Business Objectives comprising 85% and Individual Objectives 15%.

In  addition,  no  changes  were  proposed  to  the  maximum award,  and  no  payout  on  any  measure  for  below  threshold performance.

1. Profitability: Adjusted Recurring EBIT and a target on SG&amp;A (30% weighting, both measures equally weighted).
2. TPS  Growth:  Book-to-bill  measure  on  the  Technology, Products  &amp;  Services  business  (' TPS ')  to  monitor  further sustainable revenue creation on the mid to long-term, and a target on  TPS  profit margin  (30%  weighting,  both measures equally weighted).
3. ESG  comprising  a  set  of  four  indicators  which  reflect some of the main ESG priorities (25% weighting):
- 5%: HSE - achieve 0 fatality in 2023;
- 10%: build an action plan to increase Scope 4 commitments in 2024;
- 5%: 16 hours of learning per permanent employees to sustain Technip Energies' upskilling ambitious program;

Subsequent to the benchmarking against the Compensation Peer Group, the Board of Directors upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee determined to leave the annual base salary unchanged at €900,000 for 2023.

- 5%:  young  graduates  -  50%  female  in  new  graduate intake.
4. Individual objectives (15% weighting - below the proposed cap at 20% set in the revised Remuneration Policy) - For 2023,  the  focus  will  be  on  actively  deploying  Technip Energies'  strategy  as  per  the  plan  presented  to  and approved  by  the  Board  of  Directors  in  December  2022, while further ensuring the development of future leaders to  secure  the  succession  of  executive  positions.  Safety will remain a top priority, including a visible recognition of HSE  at  Technip  Energies  across  the  industry.  Therefore, the individual objectives will be set, as in 2022, according to the three topics below:
- Safety,
- People,
- Strategy.

The year-end outcomes will be adjusted for the impacts of any  merger,  acquisition  or  divestiture  activities  in  year,  to ensure a 'like for like' assessment at the end of the year.

<!-- image -->

The 2023 annual performance bonus program will be determined as follows:

<!-- image -->

The payout curves whether pertaining to Business Performance Indicators or individual objectives remain unchanged  from  2022  with  zero  payout  for  performance measured  below  threshold,  100%  payout  of  annual  base salary at target, and  a  maximum  payout  of  200%  for maximum  performance.  The  interpolation will be linear between these points.

The  Compensation  Committee  has  the  discretion  to  amend the level of payment upward and downward within the limit of the policy if it is not deemed to reflect appropriately the individual's contribution or the overall business performance. Any use of this discretion power would be made public and duly justified in the corresponding Remuneration report.

## Long-term incentive

To further align with market practices, more closely tie the Executive  pay  with  the  Company's  long-term  performance and  respond  to  shareholders'  feedback,  the  Compensation Committee has decided to eliminate Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) awards which are solely time based from the revised Remuneration Policy.

In addition, the maximum grant level of long-term incentive awards are being reduced from 600% to 450% of the annual base salary under the revised Remuneration Policy. This will include  the  value  of  the  additional  pension  opportunity described in the next sentence.

The revised Remuneration Policy also introduces an option to provide  for  an  additional  Defined  Contribution  pension  (Art. 82) without increasing the target remuneration package. This allows  flexibility  for  considering  a  wider  range  of  incentive mechanisms for Executive Directors.

The Compensation Committee believes these proposed changes demonstrate the extent to which the Board's values feedback from stakeholders, and will support the Company's overall performance, ambition and values and will contribute to  long-term  value  creation  for  our  Shareholders,  while providing a fair and motivating package for Executive Directors.

When  considering performance  indicators for 2023, the Compensation Committee proposes no change to the indicators used. These measures remain appropriate for the future  growth  of  the  Company  and  allow  consistency  with outstanding  awards.  Therefore,  the  performance  indicators for long-term incentive programs to be granted in 2023 will remain  identical  to  those  used  in  2022.  In  addition,  the Compensation  Committee,  after  due  consideration,  decided to leave the TSR peer group unchanged for 2023.

The PSU indicators will consist of the following:

<!-- image -->

The payout curves will be also maintained as follows:

- ■ The  TSR  curve  provides  zero  reward  for  achievement below  median  and  the  maximum  payout  will  remain capped at 200%;
- ■ The EPS curve provides 100% payout at target performance with a maximum payout capped at 200%;
- ■ Each ESG KPI will follow a curve capped at 100% at target and maximum performance.

The ESG indicators are part of the ESG Roadmap which lays out Technip Energies' commitments by the end of 2025.

The PSUs success rate will correspond to the result of the weighted average of TSR, EPS and ESG indicators respective performance.

The  Compensation  Committee  can  amend  the  performance indicators in exceptional  circumstances.  Any  adjustment would be made public and duly justified in the corresponding Remuneration report.

## Post-employment benefits and other arrangements

## Pension

To ensure the attractiveness and sustainability of the Remuneration Policy in long run, it is proposed to introduce the  option  for  an  Executive  Director  to  benefit  from  a supplementary Defined Contribution (DC) pension plan (25% of  annual  base  salary).  To  avoid  any  increase  in  the  total remuneration package, should this option be taken, the longterm  incentive  target  nominal  grant  date  value  would  be reduced from 275% to 250%.

## DC Pension Plan (Art. 82)

As aforementioned, the Compensation Committee has decided  to  integrate  a  Defined  Contribution  (DC)  pension element  as  an  option  for  Executive  Officers  in  the  2023 Remuneration  Policy  for  a  contribution  value  equivalent  to 25%  of  the  annual  base  salary.  This  decision  reflects  the ambition of the Compensation Committee to further converge towards the practice of its peers and more broadly with  comparable  listed  companies.  The  Committee  also sought to enhance the flexibility and improve the competitiveness  of  the  remuneration  package  to  maximize the  opportunity  for  Technip  Energies  to  onboard  Executive talent from the broadest possible range.

This Defined Contribution (DC) pension plan will be anchored in  the regulatory framework of the Article 82 of the French Tax  Code.  This  plan  will  be  carried  by  an  independent insurance company.

## Indemnities after termination and treatment of unvested awards

The termination conditions provide protection to the Company  from  potential  legal  and  competition  risks.  In addition, it is an efficient tool for retaining the know-how of the Group which is key in a transitioning market.

The  Committee  reviewed  these  conditions  in  significant depth, given the leadership position the Company is building in energy transition markets, and the criticality to the future growth  of  the  Company.  Continuing  the  process  of  aligning our  Remuneration  Policy  with  our  international  peers  and aiming  to  simplify  it,  the  Compensation  Committee  intends to align loss of office and non-compete covenants to award an  amount  that  cannot  be  greater  than  12  months  of  the gross  annual  base  salary  and  average  gross  annual  bonus paid  in  the  prior  three  years  immediately  preceding  the termination.

<!-- image -->

CHANGES TO REMUNERATION UNDER THE 2023 POLICY

The  cumulated  award  of  both  loss  of  office  and  noncompete indemnities shall be capped at €3,000,000.

The Committee has considered both Dutch Code and French AFEP-MEDEF  recommendations,  and  also  market  practices both within our Compensation Peer Group and more broadly with comparable listed companies, as advised by our Remuneration Consultant. The proposal seeks to balance all these  inputs  while  allowing  Technip  Energies  to  remain competitive in the market.

The Board retains full discretion to settle the loss of office and  non-compete  covenants  at  any  level  below  the  cap proposed.

The Compensation Committee has decided to define further these terms as follows:

- ■ Loss  of  office  payment:  the  Board  of  Directors  has  the discretion to set the termination indemnity at an amount which represents up to one year of annual compensation (12  months  of  gross  base  salary  +  average  gross  annual bonus paid in the prior three years immediately preceding the  termination)  and  to  resolve  to  maintain  unvested rights  ie.  according  to  the  same  terms  and  conditions  at the time of their grant or to decide that unvested rights become fully vested (on a pro rata basis) according to the principles set forth in the revised Remuneration Policy.
- ■ Non-compete clause:  in  line  with  the  benchmark  survey conclusions,  the  non-compete  clause  will  cover  a  12 month-period after the termination of the mandate. As a compensation, Technip Energies will pay an  amount representing one year of annual compensation (12 months of gross base salary + average gross annual bonus paid in the prior three years immediately preceding the termination)  to  the  Executive  Director.  The  Board  will decide  whether  to  apply  this  clause  and  may  decide  to waive it.
- ■ Cap for indemnities: as communicated by key stakeholders and as observed also among  the peer companies, the Compensation Committee has set a €3,000,000  cap  for  the  aggregate  of  the  loss  of  office payment and the non-compete clause.
- ■ Change of control clause - in case of a change of control, where  an  executive's  services  will  terminate  following completion,  the  Board  of  Directors  may  decide  on  the following:
- maintain  unvested  rights  ie.  according  to  the  same terms and conditions at the time of their grant; or
- require the exchange of unvested rights with comparable rights of the acquiring company or merged company; or
- decide that unvested rights become fully vested (on a pro  rata  basis)  upon  consummation  of  the  change  of control  with  relevant  business  performance  indicators assessed at target; and
- provide  compensation  equal  to  two  years  of  annual compensation  (12 months  of gross base salary + average  gross  annual  bonus  paid  in  the  prior  three years immediately preceding the termination).

## Other arrangements

## Clawback clause

Pursuant to Dutch law, in the event of a material restatement of the Company's financial results, the Board of Directors  will  evaluate  the  circumstances  and  may,  in  its discretion,  recover  from  any  current  or  former  Executive Officer or employee the portion of any variable performancebased  compensation  earned  by  that  executive  or  employee during the periods materially affected by the restatement.

In accordance with Dutch law, if according to the principles of  reasonableness  and  fairness,  payment  of  a  bonus  would be  unacceptable,  the  Board  of  Directors  has  the  power  to modify the level of the variable performance-based compensation, whether paid in the form of equity or cash, to an appropriate level. Under this Policy, if financial results are restated due to fraud or other intentional misconduct, such as  violations  of  our  Code  of  Conduct,  dishonesty,  willful misconduct,  breach  of  fiduciary  duty,  conflict  of  interest, material failure or refusal to perform job duties in accordance  with  Company  policies,  material  violation  of Company policies  that  causes  harm  to  the  Company  or  its subsidiaries  or  other  wrongful  conduct  of  a  similar  nature and  degree,  the  Board  of  Directors  will  review  any  variable performance-based or incentive compensation paid to executive officers who are found to be personally responsible for one of the behaviors listed above.

The Board of Directors will have authority under Dutch law to recover  (clawback)  from  an  Executive  Director  any  variable remuneration awarded based on incorrect financial or other data.

Any  activation  of  this  clawback  clause  will  be  justified, detailed,  and  explained  in  the  following  Annual  Report  to ensure transparency and the requirement to serve the longterm interests and sustainability of the Company.

## Sign-on bonus

In the event that an Executive Director is recruited externally, the Board retains the right to grant to the newly appointed executive  a  sign-on  bonus.  The  Board  will  seek  to  make awards  on  a  like-for-like  basis  to  ensure  that  the  value awarded would be no greater than the value forfeited by the individual.  The  sign-on  bonus  would  be  arranged  to  reflect the  type,  risk  profile  and  the  vesting  horizon  of  the  lost benefits.  The  Compensation  Committee  may  also  consider relocation  expenses  and  other  associated  expenses  when negotiating the employment conditions and setting the final amount of the sign-on bonus.

The  sign-on  bonus  may  take  the  form  of  stock  options, shares, performance shares or a cash payment.

Any  use  of  sign-on  bonus  will  be  justified,  detailed,  and explained in the following Remuneration Report to ensure the transparency  and  the  requirement  to  serve  the  long-term interests and sustainability of the Company.

## Employee Stock Ownership Program (ESOP)

The Compensation Committee resolved to cancel the eligibility  of  an  Executive  Director  to  participate  in  stock ownership  programs  applicable  to  all  employees  in  the revised Remuneration Policy.

## 6.7.2.  NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS REMUNERATION

In  2021,  the  Compensation  Committee  proposed  and  the  Non-Executives  Directors  approved,  effective  from  March  1,  2022, modification to the remuneration of Non-Executive Directors in order to eliminate Restricted Stock Units and to provide for annual cash remuneration for Non-Executive Directors.

This elimination, applied in the frame of the current Remuneration Policy, will be embedded in the revised Remuneration Policy submitted to the vote of the Shareholders at the May 10, 2023, Annual General Meeting.

## 2023 - NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

| Chairperson annual retainer  €250,000  Board member annual retainer  €90,000  Annual Chair fee  €18,000 for Audit Committee  €12,500 for Compensation Committee  €12,500 for ESG Committee  Committee meeting fee  €3,000 per Committee meeting   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Compensation  Committee  will  retain  the  discretion  to  modify  the  value  of  compensation,  should  this  be  considered appropriate. Where any discretion is exercised, the basis of this exercise will be disclosed in the next Remuneration Report. Each  Non-Executive  Director  will  be  reimbursed  for  reasonable  incidental  expenses  incurred  in  connection  with  the attendance of Board and Committee meetings.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| 7.1.  MANAGEMENT REPORT  244  7.2.  CEO STATEMENT  244  7.3.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  245   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## MANAGEMENT REPORT

Chapters  1., 2. Value creation, businesses  and  financial performance, 3. Sustainability, 4. Risk and Risk Management, 5. Corporate Governance, relevant parts of chapter 6 Remuneration  report (Chair of  compensation  committee message, Technip Energies key practice in determining executive  compensation,  Responsiveness  to  stakeholders' feedback, as well as sections 6.1. Remuneration at a glance, 6.2. Main  elements  of  the  current remuneration  policy, 6.3. The Compensation Peer Group, 6.4. Limitation on liability and  indemnification  matters,  6.5.  Other  arrangements,  6.6.

## CEO STATEMENT

The  undersigned,  Arnaud  Pieton,  in  my  capacity  as  Chief Executive Officer of Technip Energies hereby declares that:

'I am responsible for the design of the risk management and internal controls within Technip Energies. I am aware of risks Technip Energies can be confronted with. A broad range of processes and procedures have been implemented to provide control  by  management  over  Technip  Energies'  operations including  internal  risk  management  and  control  systems  to identify and manage risks. I have reviewed the effectiveness of  Technip  Energies'  internal  risk  management  and  control systems, in the form of reports of internal audit on reviews performed throughout the year, various assessments performed throughout the Company, including risk assessment  by  our  corporate  Treasury,  Financing  &amp;  Risk department and reports of Technip Energies' internal control function which monitors compliance with our procedures and updates  these  including  to  address  the  emergence  of  new risks.

All these processes and procedures are aimed at providing a reasonable  level  of  assurance  that  we  have  identified  and managed  Technip  Energies'  significant  risks,  and  that  we meet our operational and financial objectives in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. For a detailed description of Technip Energies' internal enterprise risk management framework and the principal risks please refer to chapter 4 Risk and Risk Management.

Application  of  the  remuneration  policy  in  2022),  form  the Management  Report  of  Technip  Energies  N.V.  within  the meaning of section 2:391 of the Dutch Civil Code.

These chapters provide information on the business outlook, investments, financing, personnel and research and development of Technip Energies N.V. and of the companies included in the scope of consolidation as required by section 2:391(2)  of  the  Dutch  Civil  Code  and  Dutch  Accounting Standard 400.

Such  internal  risk  management  and  control  systems  can never  provide  absolute  assurance  as  to  the  realization  of operational  and  strategic  business  objectives,  nor  can  they prevent  all  misstatements,  inaccuracies,  errors,  fraud  and noncompliance with legislation, rules and regulations. These systems do not provide certainty that Technip Energies will achieve its objectives.

Based on the above and to the best of my knowledge I am of the opinion that the Management Report:

- ■ provides  sufficient  insights  into  any  deficiencies  in  the effectiveness of the internal risk management and control systems;
- ■ the aforementioned systems provide reasonable assurance that Technip Energies' financial reporting does not contain any material errors;
- ■ based  on  the  current  state  of  affairs,  I  am  justified  in stating that the financial reporting is prepared on a going concern basis; and
- ■ the  report  states  those  material  risks  and  uncertainties that  are  relevant  to  the  expectation  regarding  Technip Energies' continuity for the period of twelve months after the preparation of the Management Report.

I have discussed the above opinion and conclusions with the Audit Committee, the Board and the external auditors.'

Arnaud Pieton, Chief Executive Officer Paris, France March 10, 2023

## FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The undersigned Board members of Technip Energies N.V. being the persons responsible for the accounts of Technip Energies N.V. hereby declare that, to the best of our knowledge:

- ■ the Technip Energies Group consolidated financial statements and the Technip Energies N.V. Company financial statements prepared in accordance with the applicable accounting standards give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of Technip Energies N.V. and of the companies included in the scope of consolidation and the Management Report included in this Annual Report provides a fair review of the state of affairs at December 31, 2022, of the development  and  performance  during  2022  of  Technip  Energies  N.V.  and  of  the  companies  included  in  the  scope  of consolidation and a description of the principal risks that Technip Energies N.V. and such companies face.

Joseph Rinaldi, Arnaud Pieton, Arnaud Caudoux, Colette Cohen, Marie-Ange Debon, Simon Eyers, Alison Goligher, Didier Houssin, Nello Uccelletti Francesco Venturini Paris, France March 10, 2023

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Annual accounts

(8

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| 8.1.  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  FOR THE YEAR ENDED  DECEMBER 31, 2022  248  8.1.1.  Consolidated statement of income  248  8.1.2.  Consolidated statement  of comprehensive income  249  8.1.3.  Consolidated statement  of financial position  250  8.1.4.  Consolidated statement of cash  flows  251  8.1.5.  Consolidated statement of changes  in equity  252  8.1.6.  Notes to consolidated financial  statements  252  8.2.  TECHNIP ENERGIES  COMPANY FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  315  8.2.1.  Company balance sheet  315  8.2.2.  Company income statement  316  8.2.3.  General  316  8.2.4.  Notes to the Company financial  statements  318  8.2.5.  Appropriation of result  332  8.3.  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S  REPORT  333  Report on the financial  statements 2022  333  Report on the other information  included in the Annual Report  339  Report on other legal  and regulatory requirements  and ESEF  339  Responsibilities for the financial  statements and the audit  340  Appendix to our auditor's report on  the financial statements 2022 of  Technip Energies N.V.  341   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 8.1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

## 8.1.1.  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME

| (In millions of €)  Note  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Revenue  4  6,282.3  6,433.7  Costs and expenses  Cost of sales  11  (5,398.0)  (5,521.4)  Selling, general and administrative expense  11  (327.4)  (300.7)  Research and development expense  11  (49.5)  (38.6)  Impairment, restructuring and other expense  5, 11  (1.4)  (32.0)  Other operating income (expense), net  6, 11  (2.1)  15.0  Operating profit (loss)  503.9  556.0  Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees  9  78.1  33.1  Profit (loss) before financial expense, net and income tax  582.0  589.1  Financial income  10  48.0  16.6  Financial expense  10  (188.2)  (218.4)  Profit (loss) before income tax  441.8  387.3  Income tax (expense)/profit  13  (127.6)  (126.7)  Net profit (loss)  314.2  260.6  Net (profit) loss attributable to non-controlling interests  (13.5)  (16.0)  NET PROFIT (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO TECHNIP ENERGIES GROUP  300.7  244.6   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO TECHNIP ENERGIES (1)

| Basic  7  €1.72  €1.37  Diluted  7  €1.68  €1.36   |
|----------------------------------------------------|

(1) For  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  basic  earnings  per  share  have  been  calculated  using  the  weighted  average  number  of  outstanding  shares  of 175,111,076 and 178,573,624 respectively; and diluted earnings per share have been calculated using the weighted average number of 178,840,994 and 180,328,838 respectively.

## 8.1.2.  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Net profit (loss)  314.2  260.6  Foreign currency translation differences  10.3  55.7  Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net profit (loss)  0.6  -  Cash-flow hedge  14.7  (14.9)  Income tax effect  (6.4)  1.8  Other comprehensive income (loss) to be reclassified to statement of income in  subsequent years  19.2  42.6  Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans  25.5  4.9  Income tax effect  (4.9)  (1.3)  Other comprehensive income (loss) not being reclassified to statement of income in  subsequent years  20.6  3.6  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax  39.8  46.2  Comprehensive income (loss)  354.0  306.8  Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interest  (12.1)  (18.7)  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO TECHNIP ENERGIES GROUP  341.9  288.1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Name of the reporting entity

Principal activities

Address of registered office

Country of incorporation

Domicile of entity

Principal place of Business

Legal form of entity

Name of parent entity

Name of ultimate parent group

Nature of financial statements

Date of end of reporting period

Period covered by financial statements

Currency description

Monetary item scale factor

Explanation of change in name of reporting entity or other means of identification from end of

preceding reporting period

Technip Energies N.V.

Engineering &amp; Technology company for the energy transition

Amsterdam

Netherlands

Amsterdam

PARIS

Naamloze Vennootschap (N.V.)

Technip Energies N.V.

Technip Energies N.V.

Consolidated

2022/12/31

January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2022

EURO

1,000,000.00

N/A

<!-- image -->

## 8.1.3.  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

| (In millions of €)  Note  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  ASSETS  Goodwill  14  2,096.4  2,074.4  Intangible assets, net  14  108.2  97.8  Property, plant and equipment, net  15  102.8  114.6  Right-of-use assets  16  221.7  251.9  Equity accounted investees  9  106.3  75.4  Deferred income taxes  13  140.6  178.0  Other non-current financial assets  17  101.6  66.2  Total non-current assets  2,877.6  2,858.3  Trade receivables, net  18  1,287.4  1,038.4  Contract assets  4, 18  343.2  331.8  Income taxes receivable  101.8  55.5  Advances paid to suppliers  267.3  154.5  Other current assets  17  337.6  302.2  Cash and cash equivalents  19  3,477.4  3,638.6  Total current assets  5,814.7  5,521.0  TOTAL ASSETS  8,692.3  8,379.3  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Issued capital  1.8  1.8  Additional paid-in capital  941.6  941.6  Invested equity and retained earnings  886.1  655.1  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)  (58.6)  (99.8)  Treasury shares  (64.2)  (22.5)  Equity attributable to Technip Energies Group  1,706.7  1,476.2  Non-controlling interests  29.7  30.2  Total equity  23  1,736.4  1,506.4  Long-term debt, less current portion  22  595.3  594.1  Lease liability - non-current  22  195.1  236.9  Deferred income taxes - liabilities  13  22.7  13.0  Accrued pension and other post-retirement benefits, less current portion  24  100.9  127.7  Non-current provisions  25  56.0  60.7  Other non-current financial liabilities  20  50.3  64.2  Total non-current liabilities  1,020.3  1,096.6  Short-term debt  22  123.7  89.2  Lease liability - current  22  72.1  68.9  Accounts payable, trade  21  1,662.7  1,497.1  Contract liabilities  4  3,154.8  3,206.5  Accrued payroll  261.0  232.3  Income taxes payable  68.4  80.8  Current provisions  25  126.3  90.5  Other current liabilities  20  466.6  511.0  Total current liabilities  5,935.6  5,776.3  Total liabilities  6,955.9  6,872.9  TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  8,692.3  8,379.3   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8.1.4.  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

| (In millions of €)  Note  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  CASH PROVIDED (REQUIRED) BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Net profit (loss)  314.2  260.6  Adjustments to reconcile net profit to cash provided (required) by operating  activities  Depreciation and amortization  11  127.8  116.9  Employee benefit plan and share-based compensation  8, 25  27.6  29.9  Tax expense  13  127.6  126.7  Net finance costs  10  140.2  201.8  Impairments  5  12.7  0.1  Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees, net of dividends received  9  (25.3)  (33.1)  Income tax paid  (128.9)  (116.3)  Interest received (paid)  18.4  (10.7)  Other  0.7  (34.1)  Changes in operating assets and liabilities  Trade receivables, net  18  (274.8)  147.3  Contract assets  4  45.9  (72.4)  Inventories, net  (4.7)  0.1  Accounts payable, trade  21  152.4  118.4  Contract liabilities  4  (174.3)  150.9  Other current assets and liabilities, net  17, 20  (159.1)  60.5  Change in working capital  (414.6)  404.8  Other non-current assets and liabilities, net  17, 20  (16.0)  (12.2)  Cash provided by operating activities  184.4  934.4  CASH PROVIDED (REQUIRED) BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Acquisition of property, plant, equipment and intangible assets  (46.7)  (49.6)  Acquisition of financial assets  (11.5)  (1.6)  Acquisition of subsidiary, net of cash acquired  2  -  (2.0)  Proceeds from disposal of intangible and tangible assets  -  0.1  Other  0.6  0.1  Cash required by investing activities  (57.6)  (53.0)  CASH PROVIDED (REQUIRED) BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Net increase (repayment) in long-term and short-term debt  22  32.9  588.0  Net decrease in commercial paper  22  -  (313.0)  Payments for the principal portion of lease liabilities  (78.1)  (70.4)  Purchase of treasury stock  23  (53.5)  (20.0)  Liquidity contract  23  -  (9.0)  Dividends paid to shareholders  23.2  (79.0)  -  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests  (12.0)  -  Settlements of mandatorily redeemable financial liability  20  (206.6)  (256.0)  Net proceeds from (repayment of) loans from TechnipFMC  -  54.7  Net (distributions to) / contributions from TechnipFMC  -  (532.9)  Cash provided (required) by financing activities  (396.3)  (558.6)  Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents  108.3  126.1  (Decrease) Increase in cash and cash equivalents  (161.2)  448.9  Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period  3,638.6  3,189.7  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD  3,477.4  3,638.6   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 8.1.5.  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

| (In millions of €)  Issued  capital  Additional  paid-in  capital  Invested  equity and  retained  earnings  Accumulated  other  comprehensi  ve income  (loss)  Treasury  shares  Equity  attributable  to Technip  Energies  Non-  controlling  interests  Total equity  Balance as of December  31, 2020  -  -  1,993.9  (184.1)  -  1,809.8  16.0  1,825.8  Net profit (loss)  -  -  244.6  -  -  244.6  16.0  260.6  Other comprehensive  income (loss)  -  -  -  43.5  -  43.5  2.7  46.2  Net (distributions to) /  contributions from  TechnipFMC  1.8  941.6  (1,599.6)  40.8  -  (615.4)  (3.8)  (619.2)  Share-based  compensation  -  -  29.1  -  -  29.1  -  29.1  Treasury shares  -  -  -  -  (22.5)  (22.5)  -  (22.5)  Other  -  -  (12.9)  -  -  (12.9)  (0.7)  (13.6)  Balance as of December  31, 2021  1.8  941.6  655.1  (99.8)  (22.5)  1,476.2  30.2  1,506.4  Net profit (loss)  -  -  300.7  -  -  300.7  13.5  314.2  Other comprehensive  income (loss)  -  -  -  41.2  -  41.2  (1.4)  39.8  Dividends  -  -  (79.0)  -  -  (79.0)  (12.0)  (91.0)  Share-based  compensation  -  -  16.7  -  -  16.7  -  16.7  Treasury shares  -  -  (8.5)  -  (41.7)  (50.2)  -  (50.2)  Other  -  -  1.1  -  -  1.1  (0.6)  0.5  BALANCE AS OF  DECEMBER 31, 2022  1.8  941.6  886.1  (58.6)  (64.2)  1,706.7  29.7  1,736.4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8.1.6.  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

As used herein, 'Technip Energies Group', 'Technip Energies', 'the Group' or 'the Company' refers to Technip Energies N.V. and all the companies included in the scope of consolidation. 'Technip Energies N.V.' refers only to the parent company of the Group.

## ● Contents of notes

| Note 1.  Accounting principles  254  Note 2.  Changes in the scope of consolidation  271  Note 3.  Segment information  272  Note 4.  Revenue  273  Note 5.  Impairment, restructuring and other  expense  275  Note 6.  Other operating income (expense), net  275  Note 7.  Earnings per share  276  Note 8.  Share-based compensation  276  Note 9.  Investment in equity affiliates, joint  ventures and other construction project  entities  278  Note 10.  Financial income (expense)  279  Note 11.  Expenses by nature  280  Note 12.  Payroll staff  280  Note 13.  Income tax  280  Note 14.  Goodwill and intangible assets, net  283  Note 15.  Property, plant and equipment  284  Note 16.  Leases  286  Note 17.  Other assets (non-current and current)  287   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 18.

Note 19.

Note 20.

Note 21.

Note 22.

Note 23.

Note 24.

Note 25.

Note 26.

Note 27.

Note 28.

Note 29.

Note 30.

Note 31.

Note 32.

Trade receivables, net and contract assets

Cash and cash equivalents

Other liabilities (non-current and current)

Accounts payable, trade

Debt (long and short-term)

Shareholder's equity

Pensions and other long-term employee benefits plans

Provisions (non-current and current)

Financial instruments

Related party transactions

Market-related exposure

Commitments and contingent liabilities

Auditor's remuneration

Companies included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements

Subsequent events

288

288

289

289

289

291

293

296

297

301

303

306

307

308

314

<!-- image -->

## Note 1. Accounting principles

## 1.1. Background

Technip Energies is incorporated as a public limited liability company ( naamloze vennootschap ) operating under the laws of the Netherlands.

The  legal  and  commercial  name  of  Technip  Energies  is Technip Energies N.V. It is registered with the Dutch Chamber  of  Commerce  under  number  76122654.  Technip Energies  N.V.  has  its  corporate  seat (statutaire  zetel) in Amsterdam,  the  Netherlands  and  its principal place of business is at 2126, boulevard de la Défense, CS 10266, 92741 Nanterre Cedex, France (RCS Nanterre 879 464 584).

On  January  31,  2021,  TechnipFMC's  entire  Onshore/Offshore business  segment  (including  Genesis,  Loading  Systems  and Cybernetix), was contributed to Technip Energies. On February  16,  2021,  TechnipFMC  distributed  by  way  of  a special  dividend  50.1%  of  Technip  Energies  N.V.  shares  (the ' shares '), held by TechnipFMC to the shareholders of TechnipFMC,  with  TechnipFMC  retaining  49.9%  of  Technip Energies' shares (the ' Spin-off ').  Between February 16, 2021 and  April  2022,  TechnipFMC  progressively  sold  its  residual interest in Technip Energies. In April 2022, TechnipFMC sold the remaining 4 million Technip Energies' shares it still held at  that  time  and  consequently  has  now  fully  exited  its position in Technip Energies.

Technip Energies has prepared consolidated financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting  Standards  (' IFRS ')  as  issued  by  the  International Accounting  Standards  Board  (' IASB ')  and  adopted  by  the European Union (' EU ') pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 for financial year 2022. These financial statements  include  comparative  information  from  Technip Energies' consolidated financial statements for 2021. Information for these periods constitute the Technip Energies Group's consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022.

## 1.2. Business description

As  one  of  the  largest  engineering  and  technology  (' E&amp;T ') companies by revenue, the Technip Energies Group offers a full range of design and project development services to its customers spanning the downstream value chain, from early engagement  technical  consulting  through  final  acceptance testing.

The Group's core purpose is to combine its E&amp;T capabilities to bring forth new energy solutions and provide applications for the world's energy transition.

The  Group's  business  focuses  on  the  study,  engineering, procurement,  construction,  and  project  management  of  the entire range of onshore and offshore facilities related to gas monetization, ethylene, hydrogen, refining, and chemical processing from biofuels and hydrocarbons. Technip Energies conducts large-scale, complex, and challenging projects often in environments with extreme climatic conditions. The Group  relies  on  early  engagement  and  front-end  design  as well  as  technological  know-how  for  process  design  and engineering,  either  through  the  integration  of  technologies from  its  own  proprietary  technologies  or  through  alliance partners.  Technip  Energies  seeks  to  integrate  and  develop advanced  technologies  and  reinforce  the  Group's  project execution capabilities.

The Technip Energies Group believes that it is differentiated from its competitors by its ability to offer clients a comprehensive portfolio of technologies, products, projects, and  services.  The  Group's  capabilities  span  from  feasibility studies,  consulting  services,  process  technology  know-how, proprietary equipment, and  project management  to  full engineering and construction. The Group's expertise in integrating  process  technologies,  either  proprietary  or  from third-party licensors, fosters early project engagement, with a significant impact on project economics.

The  Group  partners  with  some  of  the  world's  most  wellknown players in oil and gas for technologies, equipment and construction  worldwide.  Additionally,  the  Group's  project management consulting services leverage its expertise in the management of complex projects to the benefit of its clients.

## 1.3. Basis of preparation

The Technip Energies Group's consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022, are prepared under the presentation, recognition and measurement rules set out in the IFRS published by the IASB and approved by the EU for application as of December 31, 2022.

The Group has not opted for early application of standards and  interpretations  that  were  not  yet  mandatory  in  2022, except  amendments  to  IAS  12  'Deferred  Tax  related  to Assets  and  Liabilities  arising  from  a  Single  Transaction  Amendments  to  IAS  12',  applied  in  its  December  31,  2021 consolidated financial statements, notably on the accounting of deferred taxes on IFRS 16 'Leases' effects.

The consolidated financial statements  are presented in millions of euros, and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise specified.

The consolidated financial statements were prepared under the responsibility of and approved by the Board of Directors on March 10, 2023.

## 1.4. Going concern

As required by IAS 1 'Presentation of Financial Statements', in determining the basis of preparation for the consolidated financial  statements,  we  have  considered  the  Company's business activities, together with the factors likely to affect its  future development, performance and position to assess whether the Company may adopt the going concern basis in preparing its consolidated financial statements.

## Operating activities

The Group continues to actively monitor the evolution of the conflict  in  Ukraine,  the  volatility  in  commodity  prices  and their  impacts  on  business  activity  and  financial  reporting. Whilst the situation is uncertain and evolving, the Company has  modelled  potential  severe  but  plausible  impacts  on revenues, profits and cash flows in its assessment.

Since the beginning of Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February  of  2022,  Technip  Energies  has  been  taking  all appropriate  measures  to  protect  its  people,  had  ceased working  on  new  opportunities in  Russia  and  has  been carrying any residual activities connected to Russia in compliance  with  all  applicable  laws,  including  the  various trains of sanctions that have been adopted by the European Union, the United States, and other countries.

European  Union  sanctions  targeting  goods  and  technology related to LNG have had a direct impact on the execution of Technip Energies only active project in Russia - Arctic LNG 2. The Company has been working with its client, partners, and suppliers within the relevant contractual frameworks to take appropriate measures in connection with Arctic LNG 2.

Discussions with the client have resulted in the signing of an Exit Framework Agreement in the third quarter of 2022.

The  Group  is  currently  implementing  the  terms  of  this agreement  and  anticipates  completing  this  process  in  the first  half  of  2023.  The  orderly  exit  from  Arctic  LNG  2  in Russia  is  thus  progressing  well.  All  operational  personnel have been demobilized from the project during 2022.

The  Group  does  not  expect  any negative net financial exposure as a result of our exit from Arctic LNG 2.

As of December 31, 2022, approximately €1.3 billion relating to  Arctic  LNG  2  was  removed  from  total  company  backlog, which results from sanctioned work that has been suspended,  and  is  in  line  with  the  Group's  ongoing  orderly exit  discussions.  This  was  a  significant  factor  in  backlog decreasing  by  22%  year-over-year  from  €15.9  billion  as  of December 31, 2021, to €12.5 billion as of December 31, 2022. Despite this reassessment, the level of backlog still provides a high multi-year visibility to the Company.

Based on the above, the Technip Energies Group's management  considers  that  the  Company  has  sufficient resources  (including  the  unused  capacity  of  the  Revolving Facility and commercial paper program as referred to in Note 2.3.5 Liquidity and capital resources) to continue in operational  existence  for  the  foreseeable  future  and  that there  are  no  material  uncertainties  about  the  Company's ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  For  this  reason, Technip Energies continues to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the consolidated financial statements.  The conflict in Ukraine and the sanctions imposed against Russia and  Belarus  as  well  as  the  evolution  of  macroeconomic conditions  were  considered  as  part  of  this  assessment  and are  discussed  more  in  detail  in  Note  1.8.  Other  sources  of estimation uncertainty.

## 1.5. Changes in accounting policies and disclosures

## a.  IFRS standards, amendments and interpretations effective as of January 1, 2022

## Reference to the Conceptual Framework Amendment to IFRS 3

In  May  2020,  the  IASB  issued  amendments  to  IFRS  3.  The amendments  are  intended  to  replace  a  reference  to  a previous version of the IASB's Conceptual Framework. These amendments add an exception to the recognition principle of IFRS 3 to avoid the issue of potential 'day 2' gains or losses arising  for  liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  that  would  be within the scope of IAS 37 and IFRIC 21 if incurred separately. The exception requires entities to apply the criteria in IAS 37 or IFRIC 21, respectively, instead of the Conceptual Framework, to determine whether a present obligation exists at the acquisition date. At the same time, the amendments add  a  new  paragraph  to  IFRS  3  to  clarify  that  contingent assets do not qualify for recognition at the acquisition date.

## Property, Plant &amp; Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use - Amendments to IAS 16

The amendments prohibit entities from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment (PP&amp;E), any proceeds of the sale of items produced while bringing that asset  to  the  location  and  condition  necessary  for  it  to  be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Instead, an entity recognizes the proceeds from selling such items,  and  the  costs  of  producing  them,  in  the  income statement.

## Onerous Contracts - Costs of Fulfilling a Contract Amendments to IAS 37

In  May  2020,  the  IASB  issued  amendments  to  IAS  37  to specify which costs an entity needs to include  when assessing whether a contract is onerous or loss-making. The amendments  apply  a  'directly  related  cost  approach'.  The costs  that  relate  directly  to  a  contract  to  provide  goods  or services include both incremental costs and an allocation of costs  directly  related  to  contract  activities.  General  and administrative costs do not relate directly to a contract and are  excluded  unless  they  are  explicitly  chargeable  to  the counterparty under the contract.

## Annual improvements to IFRS standards 2018-2020

As  part  of  its  process  to  make  non-urgent  but  necessary amendments  to  IFRS  Standards,  the  IASB  has  issued  the Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020. Annual improvements make minor amendments to:

- IFRS 1 First-time adoption of IFRS;
- IFRS 9 Financial instruments;
- IAS 41 Agriculture;
- IFRS 16 Leases.

## IFRIC decisions 2022

The IFRS Interpretation committee has reached the following decisions:

- TLTRO III Transactions (IFRS 9 and IAS 20);
- Demand deposits with restrictions on use arising from a contract with a third party (IAS 7);
- Principal versus agent: software reseller (IFRS 15);
- Negative low-emission vehicle credits (IAS 37);
- Special purpose acquisition companies (SPAC): Classification  of  public  shares  as  financial  liabilities  or equity (IAS 32);
- Transfer  of  insurance  coverage  under  a  group  of  annuity contracts (IFRS 17);
- Multi-currency groups of insurance contracts (IFRS 17 and IAS 21);
- Special purpose acquisition companies (SPAC): Accounting for warrants at acquisition;
- Lessor forgiveness of lease payments (IFRS 9 and IFRS 16);
- Definition of a lease-substitution rights (IFRS 16 leases).

The above-mentioned new interpretations and amendments effective on January 1, 2022, did not have a significant impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## b.  Published IFRS standards, amendments and interpretations not yet effective or early adopted by the Group

<!-- image -->

| Norm  Effective date  Statement  Classification of Liabilities as  Current or Non-Current -  Amendments to IAS 1  The IASB has  issued an  exposure draft  proposing the  deferral of the  amendments  until at least  January 1, 2024  The amendment clarifies:  ■what is meant by a right to defer settlement,  ■that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period,  ■that classification is unaffected by the likelihood that an entity will  exercise its deferral right,  ■that only if an embedded derivative in a convertible liability is itself  an equity instrument, would the terms of a liability not impact its  classification.  Non-current Liabilities with  Covenants - Amendments to IAS 1  Jan 1, 2024  The amendments to IAS 1 improved the information an entity provides  when  its  right  to  defer  settlement  of  a  liability  for  at  least  twelve  months  is  subject  to  compliance  with  covenants.  The  amendments  also  responded to stakeholders' concerns about the classification of  such a liability as current or non-current.  Definition of Accounting Estimates  - Amendments to IAS 8  Jan 1, 2023  The  amendments  clarify  the  distinction  between  changes  in  accounting  estimates  and  changes  in  accounting  policies  and  the  correction  of  errors.  The  effects  on  an  accounting  estimate  of  a  change  in  an  input  or  a  change  in  a  measurement  technique  are  changes  in  accounting  estimates  if  they  do  not  result  from  the  correction of prior periods' errors. The previous definition of a change  in  accounting  estimates  may  result  from  new  information  or  developments. Therefore, such changes are not corrections of errors.  Disclosure of Accounting Policies -  Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS  Practice Statement 2  Jan 1, 2023  The amendments aim to help entities provide more useful accounting  policy  disclosures  by  replacing  the  requirement  to  disclose  their  'significant'  accounting  policies  with  their  'material'  accounting  policies, and by adding guidance on how entities apply the concept of  materiality in making decisions about accounting policy disclosures.  IFRS 17 Insurance contracts  Jan 1, 2023  In  May  2017,  the  IASB  issued  IFRS  17  Insurance  Contracts,  a  comprehensive  new  accounting  standard  for  insurance  contracts  covering  recognition  and  measurement,  presentation  and  disclosure.  Once effective, IFRS 17 will replace IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts.  Sale or contribution of assets  between an Investor and its  Associate or Joint Venture -  Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28  Effective  application date  is indefinitely  postponed  The amendments address the conflict between IFRS 10 Consolidated  financial statements and IAS 28 Investments in Associates and Joint  Ventures in dealing with the loss of control of a subsidiary that is sold  or contributed to an associate or joint venture.  The amendments clarify that a full gain or loss is recognized when a  transfer to an associate or joint venture involves a business as defined  in  IFRS 3. Any gain or loss resulting from the sale or contribution of  assets  that  does  not  constitute  a  business,  however,  is  recognized  only to the extent of unrelated investors' interests in the associate or  joint venture.  Lease liability in a Sale and  Leaseback - Amendments to IFRS  16  Jan 1, 2024  The amendment to IFRS 16 specifies the requirements that a seller-  lessee  uses  in  measuring  the  lease  liability  arising  in  a  sale  and  leaseback transaction, to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognize  any  amount  of  the  gain  or  loss  that  relates  to  the  right  of  use  it  retains.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

New standards,  interpretations  or  amendments  effective  on  January  1,  2023  and  2024  were  not  early  adopted  by  Technip Energies. The Group does not currently anticipate any material impact to result from these new standards, amendments and interpretations.

## 1.6. Summary of significant accounting policies

## a.  Consolidation principles

In accordance with IFRS 10 'consolidated financial statements'  (' IFRS  10 '),  the  Group's  consolidated  financial statements  include  the  financial  statements  of  Technip Energies N.V. and subsidiaries controlled by Technip Energies (including structured entities).

Technip Energies controls an entity where the Group has all the following:

- ■ The power over the company subject to the investment;
- ■ An exposure or rights to the company's variable returns; and
- ■ The ability to use its power over the entity to affect these returns.

The power to direct the activities of the entity usually exists when  holding  more  than  50%  of  voting  rights  in  the  entity and these rights are substantive.

As per IFRS 11 'Joint Arrangements' (' IFRS 11 '), joint arrangements  could  be  classified  as  joint  ventures  or  joint operations.  Joint  operations  should  be  recognized  to  the extent of Technip Energies' assets and its liabilities, including its  share  of  any  assets  held  jointly  or  liabilities  incurred jointly.

The  equity method  is  used  for joint ventures and  for investments over which Technip Energies exercises a significant  influence  on  operational  and  financial  policies. Unless otherwise indicated, such influence is deemed to exist for investments in companies in which the Group's ownership is between 20% and 50%.

Companies in which the Group's ownership is less than 20% or which do not represent material investments are recorded under 'Other non-current financial assets'.

The  list  of  Technip  Energies'  related  undertakings  as  of December  31, 2022  is provided in Note  31.  Companies included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements.

The main affiliates of Technip Energies close their accounts as  of  December  31  and  all  consolidated  companies  apply Group's  accounting  policies  as  set  in  the  Group  Accounting Manual.

All  intercompany  balances  and  transactions,  as  well  as internal income and expenses, are fully eliminated.

Subsidiaries  are  consolidated  as  of  the  date  of  acquisition, being  the  date  on  which  Technip  Energies  obtains  control, and  continue  to  be  consolidated  until  the  date  control ceases.

## b.  Recognition of revenue from customer contracts

Technip  Energies  accounts  for  revenue  in  accordance  with IFRS 15 'Revenues from Contracts with Customers' (' IFRS  15 ').  Revenue  is  measured  based  on  the consideration specified in a contract with a customer. Most of our revenue is from long-term contracts associated with designing  and  manufacturing  products  and  systems  and providing  services  to  customers  involved  in  exploration  and production of crude oil and natural gas. The Technip Energies Group  recognizes  revenue  when  or  as  it  transfers  control over a good or service to a customer.

Contract  modifications -  Contracts  are  often  modified  to account for changes in contract specifications and requirements. The Group considers contract modifications to exist  when the modification either creates new, or changes the existing, enforceable rights and obligations. Most of the Group's contract modifications are for goods or services that are  not  distinct  from  the  existing  contract  due  to  the significant integration service provided in the context of the contract and are accounted for as if they were part of that existing  contract.  The  effect  of  a  contract  modification  on the  transaction  price  and  our  measure  of  progress  for  the performance obligation to which it relates is recognized as an adjustment to revenue (either as an increase in or a reduction of revenue) on a cumulative catch-up basis.

Variable  consideration -  Due  to  the  nature  of  the  work required  to  be  performed  on  many  existing  performance obligations,  the  estimation  of  total  revenue  and  cost  at completion is complex, subject to many  variables and requires  significant  judgment.  It  is  common  for  long-term contracts to contain variable considerations that can either increase or decrease the transaction price. Variability in the transaction price arises primarily due to liquidated damages. The  Technip  Energies  Group  considers  its  experience  with similar transactions and expectations regarding the contract in estimating the amount of variable consideration to which it  will  be  entitled  and  determining  whether  the  estimated variable  consideration  should  be  constrained.  We  include estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable  that  a  significant  reversal  of  cumulative  revenue recognized  will  not  occur  when  the  uncertainty  associated with the variable consideration is resolved. The estimates of variable consideration are based largely on an assessment of anticipated performance and all information (historical, current and  forecasted) that is reasonably available to Technip Energies.

Payment terms - Progress billings are generally issued upon completion of certain phases of the work as stipulated in the contract.  Payment  terms  may  either  be  fixed,  lump-sum  or driven by time and materials (i.e., daily or hourly rates, plus materials).  Because  typically  the  customer  retains  a  small portion of the contract price until completion of the contract, contracts generally result in revenue recognized in excess of billings which we present as contract assets on the statement of financial position. Amounts billed and due from customers are classified as receivables on the statement of financial  position.  The  portion  of  the  payments  retained  by the customer until final contract settlement is not considered  a  significant  financing  component  because  the intent  is  to  protect  the  customer.  For  some  contracts,  the Technip  Energies  Group  may  be  entitled  to  receive an advance payment. The Technip Energies Group recognizes a liability  for  these  advance  payments  in  excess  of  revenue recognized  and  presents  them  as  contract  liabilities  on  the statement of financial position. The advance payment typically is not considered a significant financing component because it is used to meet working capital demands that can be higher in the early stages of a contract and to protect us from the other party failing to adequately complete some or all of its obligations under the contract.

Warranty -  Certain  contracts  include  an  assurance-type warranty  clause,  typically  between  18  and  36  months,  to guarantee that the products comply with agreed specifications. A service-type warranty may also be provided to  the  customer;  in  such  a  case,  management  allocates  a portion of the transaction price to the warranty as a separate performance obligation based on the estimated stand-alone selling price of the service-type warranty.

Allocation of transaction price to performance obligations -A  contract's  transaction  price  is  allocated  to  each  distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue, when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. To determine the proper  revenue  recognition  method,  the  Group  evaluates whether  two  or  more  contracts  should  be  combined  and accounted  for  as  one  single  contract  and  whether  the combined  or  single  contract  should  be  accounted  for  as more than one performance obligation. This evaluation requires significant judgment; some of the Group's contracts have  a  single  performance  obligation  as  the  promise  to transfer  the  individual  goods  or  services  is  not  separately identifiable from other promises in the contracts and, therefore, not distinct. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, Technip Energies allocates the contract's  transaction  price  to  each  performance  obligation using  its  best  estimate  of  the  standalone  selling  price  of each distinct good or service in the contract.

Cost-to-cost method - For long-term contracts, because of control  transferring  over  time,  revenue  is  recognized  based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. The cost-to-cost measure of progress  for  contracts  is  generally  used  because  it  best depicts the transfer of control to the customer which occurs as  costs  on  the  contracts  are  incurred.  Under  the  cost-tocost  measure  of  progress,  the  extent  of  progress  towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to  date  to  the  total  estimated  costs  at  completion  of  the performance  obligation.  Revenues,  including  estimated  fees or profits, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. Any expected losses on contracts in progress are charged to earnings, in total, in the period the losses are identified.

<!-- image -->

Right  to  invoice  practical  expedient  The  right-to-invoice practical expedient can be applied to a performance obligation satisfied over time if we have a right to invoice the customer  for  an  amount  that  corresponds  directly  to  the value transferred to the customer for performance completed  to  date.  When  this  practical  expedient  is  used, variable  consideration  is  not  estimated  at  the  inception  of the contract  to determine  the  transaction  price  or  for disclosure  purposes.  Certain  contracts  have  payment  terms dictated  by  daily  or  hourly  rates  while  other  contracts  may have mixed pricing terms that include a fixed fee portion. For contracts  in  which  the  customer  is  charged  a  fixed  rate based on the time or materials used during the project that correspond  to  the  value  transferred  to  the  customer,  the Technip Energies Group recognizes revenue in the amount it has the right to invoice.

Significant  financing  component  certain  contracts  could include a period between the transfer of the promised goods or services to the customer and the payment received from the customer. If this period exceeds one year, the time value is assessed and the transaction price could be adjusted if the identified financing component is considered significant.

## c.  Foreign currency transactions

The  items  of  each  of  the  Group's  subsidiaries  included  in these consolidated financial statements are measured using the currency of the main economic environment in which the entity operates, which mainly affects revenue and expenses ('functional currency'). The consolidated financial statements are  presented  in  euros,  which  is  Technip  Energies  N.V.'s functional currency.

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional  currency  at  the  exchange  rate  applicable  on  the transaction date.

At the closing date, monetary assets and liabilities stated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at  the  exchange  rate  prevailing  on  that  date.  Resulting exchange gains or losses are directly recorded in the statement  of  income  (for  further  details,  refer  to  Note  6. Other  operating  income  (expense),  net,  except  exchange gains or losses on cash accounts eligible for future cash flow hedging and for hedging on net foreign currency investments.

Translation of financial statements of subsidiaries in foreign currency - The statements of income of foreign subsidiaries are translated into euro at the average exchange  rate prevailing during the year. The statements of financial position  are  translated  at  the  exchange  rate  at  the  closing date. Differences arising in the translation of financial statements  of  foreign  subsidiaries  are  recorded  in  other comprehensive income (loss) as foreign currency translation reserve. Items that are recognized directly in equity are translated using historical rates. The functional currency of the foreign subsidiaries is most commonly the local currency.

## d.  Business combinations

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition  method  of  accounting.  Under  the  acquisition method, assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at  their  respective  fair  values  as  of  the  acquisition  date. Determining  the  fair  value  of  assets  and  liabilities  involves significant  judgment  regarding  methods  and  assumptions used to calculate estimated fair values. The purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired, including identifiable intangible assets, and liabilities based on their estimated fair values. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Identifiable assets are depreciated over their  estimated useful lives.

Acquisition-related costs are expensed  as incurred and included  in  the  statement  of  income  line  item  'Selling, general and administrative expenses'.

Adjustments  recorded  for  a  business  combination  on  the provisional values of assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities are recognized as a retrospective change in goodwill when occurring within a 12-month period after the acquisition  date  and  resulting  from  facts  or  circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. After this measurement period ends, any change in valuation of assets, liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  is  accounted  for  in  the statement of income, with no impact on goodwill.

## e.  Separation costs

Separation costs are expensed as incurred and include fees and  expenses  associated  with  the  separation  transaction (' the  Spin-off ').  The  costs  include  legal  and  tax  advice expenses, consulting services and other separation activities related costs. Separation costs are included in the consolidated statement of income line 'Impairment, restructuring and other expenses'. There were no separation-related costs incurred in the financial year 2022.

## f.  Segment information

## Information by operating segment

IFRS 8 - Operating Segments requires to determine operating segments based on information which is provided internally to the Chief Operating Decision Maker (' CODM ').

In  the  periods  presented  here,  the  Chief  Executive  Officer reviewed and evaluated the Technip Energies Group operating performance to make decisions about resource to be allocated and has been identified as the CODM. Utilizing the internal reporting information provided to the CODM, the Technip Energies Group has changed, in 2021, the structure of its internal organization and defined two segments designated  as  Project  Delivery  and  Technology,  Products  &amp; Services.

The corresponding definitions are disclosed as follows:

- ■ Project  Delivery:  the  Project  Delivery  segment  provides comprehensive engineering, procurement and construction delivery capabilities globally. The Company's key capabilities leverage its operational and technical excellence as a global provider of engineering, procurement and construction (' EPC ') services for onshore oil and gas; liquid natural gas (' LNG ') and gas to liquids (' GTL '), oil refining, ethylene, petrochemicals, chemicals, fertilizers, offshore oil and gas (shallow-water, deep-water)  with  floating  solutions  (floating  production units (' FPUs '), Floating production storage and offloading (' FPSO '), floating liquefied natural gas (' FLNG ') and floating storage  and  regasification unit (' FSRU ').  EPC contracts are undertaken under various contractual schemes  and  include  fixed  lump-sum,  reimbursable  and hybrid  contracting  models  based  on  selectivity  and  risk assessment work carried out by Technip Energies' teams during the early engagement phases.
- ■ Technology, Products &amp; Services: the activities within the Company's  Technology,  Products  &amp;  Services  businesses are  more  versatile,  combining  proprietary  technologies with associated licensing fees and equipment such as LNG Loading  Arms  and  associated  knowledge-based  services into a global business for ethylene, refining, petrochemicals, inorganic and specialty chemicals as well as  gas  monetization.  From  technology  definition,  early engagement through scope definition, advanced technologies and project lifecycle support, Technip Energies  works  closely  with  customers  to  provide  the optimal approach to maximize their return on investment. Consulting and  services may  be  provided under the Company's specialist consulting brand, Genesis, or through  the  Group's  project  management  consulting  or engineering services businesses.
- ■ Corporate / non allocable: corresponds to the unallocated items in the two segments above.

## Disaggregation of revenue

The Technip Energies Group disaggregates its revenue by the following geographic regions:

- ■ Europe &amp; Russia;
- ■ Africa &amp; Middle East;
- ■ Asia Pacific; and
- ■ Americas.

The geographical breakdown is based on the contract delivery  within  the  specific  country.  Geographical  areas  are defined  considering  risks  associated  to  activities  performed in a given area, economic framework or monetary risks.

## g.  Earnings per share

As per IAS 33 'Earnings per Share' (' IAS  33 '),  Earnings  Per Share (' EPS ') are based on the average number of outstanding  shares  over  the  year,  after  deducting  treasury shares.

Diluted earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing the net profit of the year, restated if need be for the aftertax  financial  cost  of  dilutive  financial  instruments,  by  the sum of the weighted average number of outstanding shares, the weighted average number of share subscription options not yet exercised, the weighted average number of performance  shares granted calculated using the share purchase method, and, if applicable, the effects of any other dilutive instrument.

In accordance with the share purchase method, only dilutive instruments are used in calculating EPS. Dilutive instruments are those for which the option exercise price plus the future share-based compensation expense not yet recognized is lower than the average share price during  the  EPS calculation period.

## h.  Goodwill

Goodwill is measured at the acquisition date as the total of the fair value of consideration transferred, plus the proportionate  amount  of  any  non-controlling  interest,  plus the  fair  value  of  any  previously  held  equity  interest  in  the acquiree, if any, less the net recognized amount (generally at fair  value)  of  the  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  liabilities assumed.

Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the  goodwill  arose  and  in  all  cases  is  at  the  operating segment  level,  which  represents  the  lowest  level  at  which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes.

Goodwill  is  not  amortized  but  it  is  tested  for  impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances  indicate  that  it  might  be  impaired  and  is carried  at  cost  less  accumulated  impairment  losses.  Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

## i. Property, plant and equipment

In compliance with IAS 16 'Property, plant and equipment' (' IAS 16 '), an asset is recognized only if the cost can be measured reliably and if future economic benefits are expected from its use.

Property, plant and equipment could be initially recognized at cost or at their fair value in case of business combinations.

As  per  IAS  16,  the  Technip  Energies  Group  uses  different depreciation periods for each of the significant components of  a  single  property,  plant  and  equipment  asset  where  the useful  life  of  the  component  differs  from  that  of  the  main asset. Below are the useful lives most commonly applied by the Technip Energies Group on a straight-line basis:

- ■ Buildings: 10 to 60 years;
- ■ IT Equipment: 3 to 5 years;
- ■ Machinery and Equipment: 3 to 20 years;
- ■ Office Fixtures: 5 to 10 years.

If  the  residual  value  of  an  asset  is  material  and  can  be measured, it is taken into account in calculating its depreciable amount.

On a regular basis, the Technip Energies Group reviews the useful  lives  of  its  assets.  That  review  is  based  on  the effective use of the assets.

Depreciation costs are recorded in the statement of income as  a  function  of  the  fixed  assets'  use,  split  between  the following line items: cost of sales, research and development expense, selling, general and administrative expenses.

In  accordance  with  IAS  36  -  Impairment  of  Assets,  the carrying value of property, plant and equipment is reviewed for impairment whenever internal or external events indicate that there may be impairment, in which case, an impairment test is performed.

<!-- image -->

## j.  Leases

Technip  Energies  mainly  leases  real  estate  assets  such  as offices buildings and residential housing.

The  standard  requires  that  payments  shall  be  discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined. In practice, given the structure of the Group's  financing  all  of  which  is  held  by  Technip  Energies N.V.  or  T.EN  Eurocash  SNC,  the  discount  rate  used  to determine  the  right-of-use  asset  and  the  lease  liability  for each  leased  asset  is  calculated  based  on  the  incremental borrowing  rate  of  the  Group  at  inception  of  the  lease. Technip Energies calculated the rate applicable to each lease contract on the basis of the lease duration.

Technip  Energies  Group  determines  if  an  arrangement  is  a lease  at  inception  by  assessing  whether  an  identified  asset exists and if the Group has the right to control the use of the identified  asset.  Leases  are  included  in  right-of-use  assets, lease liabilities (non-current and current on the statement of financial position). Right-of-use assets represent the right to use  an  underlying asset for the  lease  term  and  lease liabilities  represent  Technip  Energies  obligation  to  make lease  payments  arising  from  the  lease.  Right-of-use  assets and  lease  liabilities  are  recognized  at  the  commencement date  based  on  the  present  value  of  the  remaining  lease payments over the lease term. The right-of-use assets also include  any  lease  prepayments  made  and  exclude  lease incentives the Group received from the lessor. Depreciation of  right-of-use  assets  is  recognized  on  a  straight-line  basis over the lease term.

The lease term generally used to calculate the liability is the term of the initially negotiated lease, not taking into account any early termination options, except in special circumstances.  When  leases  contain  extension  options,  the term  used  for  the  calculation  of  the  liability  may  include these periods, mainly when the anticipated period of use of the  fixed  assets,  whether  under  a  new  or  existing  lease,  is greater than the initial contractual lease term.

The Group has variable lease payments, including adjustments  to  lease  payments  based  on  an  index  or  rate (such as the Consumer Price Index) and fair value adjustments to lease payments. Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate (such as the Consumer Price Index or a market interest rate) are included when measuring initial  lease  liability  of  the  lease  arrangements  using  the payments'  base  rate  or  index.  The  Group  remeasures  the lease liability when  there  is a change  in future lease payments resulting from a change in such index or rate.

Short-term leases with an initial term of 12 months or less that  do  not  include  a  purchase  option  and  leases  of  lowvalue  assets  (referring  mainly  to  IT  equipment  e.g.  laptops and  mobile  phones)  are  not  recorded  on  the  statement  of financial position.

Technip  Energies  Group  adopted  the  practical  expedient to  not  separate  lease  and  non-lease  components  for  all asset classes.

The  Group  currently  subleases  certain  of  its  leased  real estate  to  third  parties.  The  subleases  are  classified  as operating  or  finance  leases  by  the  sublessor  depending  on the  duration  of  the  sublease  contract  and  the  end  date  of the main lease contract.

## k.  Intangible assets

## Internally generated research and development costs

Research  costs  are  expensed  when  incurred.  In  compliance with IAS 38 'Intangible assets' (' IAS 38 '), development costs are capitalized if all of the following criteria are met:

- ■ The projects are clearly identified;
- ■ The  Technip  Energies  Group  is  able  to  reliably  measure expenditures incurred for each project during its development;
- ■ The  Technip  Energies  Group  is  able  to  demonstrate  the technical or industrial feasibility of the project;
- ■ The Technip Energies Group has the financial and technical resources available to complete the project;
- ■ The Technip Energies Group can demonstrate its intention to complete, to use or to commercialize products resulting from the project; and
- ■ The  Technip  Energies  Group  is  able  to  demonstrate  the existence  of  a  market  for  the  output  of  the  intangible asset,  or,  if  it  is  used  internally,  the  usefulness  of  the intangible asset.

All research and development costs not meeting the IAS 38 criteria are expensed as incurred in the consolidated Statement of income. The Technip Energies Group capitalized costs on certain IT projects developed internally.

## Other intangible assets

Intangible assets other than goodwill (including those acquired  in  a  business  combination)  are  amortized  on  a straight-line basis over their expected useful lives, as follows:

- ■ Backlog: as per the timeframe of the outstanding orders (usually less than 3 years);
- ■ Licenses, Patents and Trademarks: less than 20 years;
- ■ Software  (including  software  rights,  proprietary  IT  tools, such  as  the  E-procurement  platform,  or  the  Technip Energies Group's management applications): 3 to 7 years.

In  accordance  with  IAS  36,  the  carrying  value  of  intangible assets  is  reviewed  for  impairment  whenever  internal  or external  events  indicate  that  there  may  be  an  impairment, in which case, an impairment test is performed.

## l.  Impairment of non-financial assets

Non-financial  assets,  property,  plant  and  equipment,  and identifiable  intangible  assets  being  amortized  are  reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit (' CGU ') may not be recoverable. If any indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Technip Energies Group estimates the asset's recoverable  amount.  The  asset's  recoverable  amount  is  the higher of an asset's or CGU's fair value less costs of disposal and the value in use. The recoverable amount is determined for  an  individual  asset,  unless  the  asset  does  not  generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets  or  groups  of  assets.  When  the  carrying  amount  of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.

In  assessing  the  value  in  use,  the  estimated  future  cash flows are discounted to their present value using a post-tax discount  rate  that  reflects  current  market  assessments  of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset, including growth rates in revenues, costs, estimates of future expected  changes  in  operating  margins,  tax  rates  and  cash expenditures.  Future  revenues  are  also  adjusted  to  match changes  in  the  Technip  Energies  Group's  business  strategy. Factors  that  could  trigger  a  lower  value  in  use  estimate include  sustained  price  declines  of  a  CGU's  products  and services,  cost  increases,  regulatory  or  political  environment changes, changes in customer demand, and other changes in market conditions, which may affect certain market participant assumptions used in the discounted future cash flow model.

In  determining  the  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal,  recent market  transactions  are  taken  into  account.  If  no  such transactions can be identified, an appropriate valuation model is used.

Goodwill is tested for impairment annually at September 30 and  whenever  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  its carrying  amount  may  not  be  recoverable.  Impairment  is determined for goodwill by assessing the recoverable amount of  each  CGU  (or  group  of  CGUs)  to  which  the  goodwill relates.  When  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGU  is  less than its  carrying  amount,  an  impairment  loss  is  recognized. Impairment losses relating to goodwill cannot be reversed in future periods.

## m. Fair value measurement

In  compliance  with  IFRS  13  'Fair  value  measurement',  the Technip Energies Group measures certain financial instruments  (including  derivatives)  at  fair  value  at  each balance sheet date.

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or  paid  to  transfer  a liability  in  an  orderly  transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use  when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling  it  to  another  market  participant  that  would  use  the asset in its highest and best use.

The Technip Energies Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data is available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are categorized  within  the  fair  value  hierarchy,  described  as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

- ■ Level  1:  Observable  inputs  that  reflect  quoted  prices (unadjusted)  for  identical  assets  or  liabilities  in  active markets;
- ■ Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1  that  are  observable  for  the  asset  or  liability  either directly or indirectly;
- ■ Level 3: Unobservable inputs (e.g., a reporting entity's own data).

For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the consolidated financial statements at fair value on a recurring basis, the Technip Energies Group determines whether transfers  have  occurred  between  levels  in  the  hierarchy  by re-assessing categorization (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

## n.  Financial assets

Financial  assets  are  categorized  at  initial  recognition,  as subsequently measured at either amortized cost, at fair value through  other  comprehensive  income  (' FVOCI '),  or  at  fair value through profit or loss (' FVTPL ').

For  debt  instruments  this  classification  depends  on  the financial asset's contractual cash flow characteristics as well as business model according to which the Technip Energies Group is managing them. Financial assets are initially measured at their fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset  not  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss,  transaction costs.  Trade  receivables  that  do  not  contain  a  significant financing  component are measured at the transaction price determined under IFRS 15.

A  financial  asset  is  classified  and  measured  at  amortized cost  or  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive  income (' OCI ') if and only if it gives rise to cash flows that are 'solely payments  of  principal  and  interest  (' SPPI '),  i.e.,  the  asset meets  the  SPPI  test  criteria,  which  are  assessed  at  an instrument level.

The business model applied by the Technip Energies Group determines whether the cash flows from the instruments will be realized through collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.

Transactions  on  financial  assets  that  require  delivery  of assets  within  a  time  frame  legally  or  contractually  (regular way trades) are recognized on the trade date, being the date when the Technip Energies Group commits to acquire or sell the asset.

For  purposes  of  subsequent  measurement,  financial  assets are classified into three categories:

- ■ Financial assets at amortized cost;
- ■ Financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  OCI,  either  with recycling or no recycling of cumulative gains and losses;
- ■ Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

## Financial assets at amortized cost

A financial asset is measured at amortized cost if both of the following conditions are met:

- ■ The financial asset is held within a business model with the  objective  to  hold  financial  assets  in  order  to  collect contractual cash flows; and
- ■ The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets at amortized cost are subsequently measured  using  the  effective  interest  rate  and  are  also subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognized in the Statement  of  income,  within  the  Other  income,  expenses (net) line when the asset is derecognized.

The  Technip  Energies  Group's  financial  assets  at  amortized cost  include  trade  receivables,  loans  issued  to  third  or related  parties  and  debt  notes  receivable  presented  under other non-current assets or other current assets, as applicable.

<!-- image -->

## Financial assets at fair value through OCI

Financial  assets  are  classified  and  measured  at  fair  value through  other  comprehensive  income  if  they  are  held  in  a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets.

## Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include:

- ■ Financial  assets  held  for  trading  (i.e.,  those  which  are acquired for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term);
- ■ Financial assets designated upon initial recognition at fair value  through  profit  or  loss  (in  order  to  eliminate,  or significantly reduce, an accounting mismatch); or
- ■ Financial assets required to be measured at fair value (i.e. assets  with  cash  flows  that  are  not  solely  payments  of principal and interest, irrespective of the business model).

Derivatives,  including  separated  embedded  derivatives,  are also classified as held for trading except for those designated as  effective  hedging  instruments.  Financial  assets  at  fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net changes in fair value recognized in the statement of income.

This category includes derivative instruments, listed and nonquoted equity investments which the Technip Energies Group had not irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through OCI, as well as certain liquid, frequently traded debt instruments such as treasury bills.

Dividends on listed equity investments are also recognized in the  statement  of  income  when  the  right  of  payment  has been established.

## Impairment of financial assets

An allowance for Expected Credit Losses (ECL) is recognized for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or  loss.  As  opposed  to  the  incurred  loss  approach,  ECL  is based on the difference between the carrying amount (as per the  contractual  cash  flows  of  the  instruments)  and  all  the cash  flows  that  the  Technip  Energies  Group  expects  to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include consideration of collaterals or other credit enhancements  that  are  integral to the contractual terms.

In  case  of  instruments  for  which  there  has  not  been  a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECL is applied for default events that are possible within the next twelve months (a 12-month ECL). In case there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, an ECL  is  applied  over  the  remaining  life  of  the  exposure (lifetime ECL).

For trade receivables and  contract  assets,  the  Technip Energies  Group  applies  a  simplified  approach  permitted  by IFRS  9.  Therefore,  the  Technip  Energies  Group  recognizes lifetime ECL at initial recognition and at each reporting date. The Technip Energies Group has considered historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment to determine lifetime expected losses.

For debt  instruments  recognized  at amortized  cost, as permitted by IFRS 9, the Technip Energies Group applies the low credit risk simplification. Accordingly, the Technip Energies  Group  evaluates  whether  the  debt  instrument  is considered to have low credit risk at the reporting date, using available, reasonable and supportable information. The Technip Energies Group considers its internal credit rating of the debt instrument, and also considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments  are  more  than  90  days  past  due. For debt instruments  that  continue  to  have  low  credit  risk  after  the evaluation, the Technip Energies Group assumes that there is no significant increase in the credit risk of the instrument.

ECL on such instruments is measured on a 12-month basis. However, when there has been a significant increase in credit risk  since  origination,  the  allowance  will  be  based  on  the lifetime  ECL.  The  Technip  Energies  Group  uses  the  ratings from  credit  rating  agencies  both  to  determine  whether  the debt instrument has significantly increased in credit risk and to estimate ECLs.

The  Technip  Energies  Group  considers  a  financial  asset  in default  when  contractual  payments  are  90  days  past  due. Also, in cases when internal or external information indicates that it is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual cash flows before considering any credit enhancements, the Technip Energies Group considers a financial asset to be in default. A  financial  asset  is  written  off  when  there is  no  reasonable  expectation  of  recovering  the  contractual cash flows.

## Derecognition

A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset  or  part  of  a  group  of  similar  financial  assets)  is primarily derecognized when:

- ■ The  rights  to  receive  cash  flows  from  the  asset  have expired; or
- ■ The Technip Energies Group has transferred its rights to receive  cash  flows  from  the  asset  or  has  assumed  an obligation  to  pay  the  received  cash  flows  in  full  without material  delay  to  a  third  party  under  a  'pass-through' arrangement  and  either  (a)  the  Technip  Energies  Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Technip Energies Group has neither transferred  nor  retained  substantially  all  the  risks  and rewards of the asset,  but  has  transferred  control  of  the asset.

When the Technip Energies Group has transferred its rights to  receive  cash  flows  from  an  asset  or  has  entered  into  a pass-through  arrangement,  it  evaluates  if,  and  to  what extent,  it  has  retained  the  risks  and  rewards  of  ownership. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of  the  asset,  the  Technip  Energies  Group  continues  to recognize the transferred asset to the extent of its continuing  involvement.  In  that  case,  the  Technip  Energies Group also recognizes an associated liability. The transferred asset  and  the  associated  liability  are  measured  on  a  basis that  reflects  the  rights  and  obligations  that  the  Technip Energies Group has retained.

Continuing  involvement  that  takes  the  form  of  a  guarantee over  the  transferred  asset  is  measured  at  the  lower  of  the original  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  and  the  maximum amount  of  consideration  that  the  Technip  Energies  Group could be required to repay.

## Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  offset,  and  the net  amount  is  reported  in  the  consolidated  statement  of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

## o.  Derivative financial instruments and hedging

## Initial recognition and subsequent measurement

The Technip Energies Group uses derivative financial instruments,  such  as  forward  contracts,  swaps  and  options to hedge its risks, in particular foreign exchange risks. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is  positive  and  as  financial  liabilities  when  the  fair  value is negative.

Currently,  every  derivative  financial  instrument  held  by  the Technip  Energies  Group  is  aimed  at  hedging  future  cash inflows or outflows against exchange rate fluctuations during the  period  of  contract  performance.  Derivative  instruments and in particular forward exchange transactions are aimed at hedging  future  cash  inflows  or  outflows  against  exchange rate fluctuations in relation to awarded commercial contracts.

To  hedge  its  exposure  to  exchange  rate  fluctuations  during the bid-period of construction contracts, the Technip Energies Group occasionally enters into insurance contracts under which foreign currencies are exchanged at a specified rate and at a specified future date only if the new contract is awarded. The premium that the Technip Energies Group pays to  enter  into  such  an  insurance  contract  is  charged  to  the statement of income when paid. If the commercial bid is not successful, the insurance contract is automatically terminated without any additional cash settlements or penalties.

In  some  cases,  the  Technip  Energies  Group  may  enter  into foreign  currency  options  for  some  proposals  during  the  bid period. These options cannot be eligible for hedging.

For the purpose of hedge accounting, instruments qualifying as hedges are classified as:

- ■ Fair value hedges when hedging the exposure to changes in  the  fair  value  of  a  recognized  asset  or  liability  or  an unrecognized firm commitment;
- ■ Cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable to a particular risk associated with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable  forecasted  transaction  or  the  foreign  currency risk in an unrecognized firm commitment;
- ■ Hedges  of  a  net  investment  in  a  foreign  operation  (the Technip Energies Group currently has no financial instruments designated for such a hedging relationship).

Foreign currency treasury accounts designated for a contract and used to finance its future expenses in foreign currencies may qualify as a foreign currency cash flow hedge. Cash as a hedging  instrument  is  determined  as  cash  less  accounts payable (including debts contracted on projects) plus accounts receivable (including loans contracted on projects) on reimbursable, services and completed contracts at closing date.

An  economic  hedging  may  occasionally  be  obtained by offsetting  cash  inflows  and  outflows  on  a  single  contract ('natural hedging').

When  implementing  hedging  transactions,  each  applicable member of the Technip Energies Group enters into forward exchange  contracts  with  banks  or  with  the  member  of  the Technip  Energies  Group  that  performs  centralized  treasury management for the Technip Energies Group. However, only instruments  that  involve  a  third  party  outside  of  Technip Energies are designated as hedging instruments.

At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Technip Energies Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship  to  which  it  wishes  to  apply  hedge  accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge.

The  documentation  includes  identification  of  the  hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk  being  hedged  and  how  Technip  Energies  Group  will assess the effectiveness of changes in the hedging instrument's fair value in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item's fair value or cash flows attributable to the  hedged  risk.  Such  hedges  are  expected  to  be  highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows  and  are  assessed  on  an  ongoing  basis  to  determine that they actually have been highly effective throughout the financial reporting periods for which they were designated.

Hedges  that meet  all the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting  are  accounted  for  as  described  below.  The  fair value of derivative financial instruments is estimated on the basis of valuations provided by bank  counterparties or financial  models commonly used in financial markets, using market data as of the statement of financial position date.

A  derivative  instrument  qualifies  for  hedge  accounting  (fair value  hedge  or  cash  flow  hedge)  when  there  is  a  formal designation  and  documentation  of  the  hedging  relationship, and of the effectiveness of the hedge throughout the life of the  contract.  A  fair  value  hedge  aims  at  reducing  risks incurred  by  changes  in  the  market  value  of  some  assets, liabilities  or  firm  commitments.  A  cash  flow  hedge  aims  at reducing  risks  incurred  by  variations  in  the  value  of  future cash flows that may impact net profit (loss).

In  order  for  a  currency  derivative  to  be  eligible  for  hedge accounting  treatment,  the  following  conditions  have  to  be met:

- ■ Its hedging role must be clearly defined and documented at the date of inception; and
- ■ Its effectiveness should be proved at the date of inception and/or as long as it remains effective. If the effectiveness test results in a score between 80% and 125%, changes in fair value or in cash flows of the covered element must be almost  entirely  offset  by  the  changes  in  fair  value  or  in cash flows of the derivative instrument.

All derivative instruments are recorded and disclosed in the statement of financial position at fair value:

- ■ Derivative instruments considered as hedging are classified as non-current and current assets and liabilities, as they follow the operating cycle; and
- ■ Derivative instruments not considered as hedging are also classified as non-current and current assets and liabilities.

<!-- image -->

Changes in fair value are recognized as follows:

- ■ Regarding cash flow hedges, the portion of the gain or loss corresponding to the effectiveness of the hedging instrument  is  recorded  directly  in  other  comprehensive income, and the ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the  hedging  instrument  is  recorded  in  the  statement  of income. The exchange gain or loss on derivative cash flow hedging instruments, which is deferred in equity, is reclassified in the net profit (loss) of the year(s) in which the specified hedged transaction affects the statement of income;
- ■ The changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments that qualify as fair value hedges are recorded in  the  other  income,  expenses  (net)  of  the  statement  of income.  The  ineffective  portion  of  the  gain  or  loss  is immediately recorded in the statement of income. The carrying amount of a hedged item is adjusted by the gain or loss on this hedged item which may be allocated to  the  hedged  risk  and  is  recorded  in  the  statement  of income; and
- ■ The changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments that do not qualify as hedging in accounting standards are directly recorded in the statement of income.

## p.  Advances paid to suppliers

Advance payments made  to suppliers under long-term contracts are shown under the 'Advances paid to suppliers' line item, on the consolidated statement of financial position.

## q.  Trade receivables

Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business.  Trade  receivables  are  recognized  initially  at  the amount  of  consideration  that  is  unconditional  unless  they contain  significant  financing  components,  when  they  are recognized  at  fair  value.  The  Technip  Energies  Group  holds trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently  at  amortized  cost  using  the  effective  interest method.

## Impairment of trade receivables

Technip Energies Group applies IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring  expected  credit  losses  which  uses  a  lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. The Technip Energies Group's trade receivables and contracts assets constitute a homogeneous portfolio,  therefore,  to  measure  the  expected  credit  losses, trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  have  been  grouped based on a selection of the members of the Technip Energies Group  that  cover  a  representative  part  of  the  Technip Energies  Group's  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  at each period end. Contract assets relate to unbilled work in progress and have substantially the same risk characteristics as the trade receivables for the same types of contracts. The Technip  Energies  Group  has  therefore  concluded  that  the expected  loss  rates  for  trade  receivables  are  a  reasonable approximation of the loss rates for contract assets.

## r.  Cash and cash equivalents

Cash  and  cash  equivalents  consist  of  cash  in  bank  and  in hand, as well as short-term investments that are considered to  be  readily  convertible  into  a  known  amount  of  cash  and where  the  risk  of  a  change  in  their  value  is  deemed  to  be negligible based on the criteria set out in IAS 7. Securities are measured at their market value at year-end. Any change in fair value is recorded in the statement of income.

## s.  Share-based compensation

The Technip Energies Group employees participated in TechnipFMC's share-based plans accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2 'Share-based payments' (' IFRS 2 '). Share-based  compensation  expense  has  been  allocated  to the Technip Energies Group based on the awards and terms previously granted to the Technip Energies Group's employees as well as an allocation of TechnipFMC's management expenses attributable to the Technip Energies Group for the year ended December 31, 2020.

Within  the  Company  there  are  three  types  of  share-based payment plans that qualify as equity-settled:

- ■ Restricted Share Unit (RSU);
- ■ Performance Share Unit (PSU);
- ■ Stock Options.

The measurement of share-based compensation expense on restricted share awards is based on the market price at the grant date and the number of shares awarded. The fair value of  performance  shares  is  estimated  using  a  combination  of the closing stock price on the grant date and the Monte Carlo simulation model.

TechnipFMC used the Black-Scholes options pricing model to measure the fair value of share options granted on or after January  1,  2017,  excluding  from  such  valuation  the  service and non-market performance conditions (which are considered  in  the  expected  number  of  awards  that  will ultimately  vest)  but  including  market  conditions  (Note  8. Share-based compensation).

The  share-based  compensation  expense  for  each  award  is recognized during the vesting period (i.e. the period in which the service and, where applicable, the performance conditions are fulfilled). The cumulative expense recognized for  share-based  employee  compensation  at  each  reporting date reflects the already expired portion of the vesting period and  the  Technip  Energies  Group's  best  estimate  of  the number of awards that will ultimately vest. The expense or credit in the statement of income for a period represents the movement  in  cumulative  expense  recognized  as  at  the beginning and end of that period.

## t.  Provisions

Provisions are recognized if and only if the following criteria are simultaneously met:

- ■ The  Technip  Energies  Group  has  an  ongoing  obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event;
- ■ The  settlement  of  the  obligation  will  likely  require  an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits without expected counterpart; and
- ■ The  amount  of  the  obligation  can  be  reliably  estimated: provisions are measured according to the risk assessment or the exposed charge, based upon best-known elements.

## Contingencies related to contracts

These provisions relate to claims and litigation on contracts.

## Restructuring

Once a restructuring plan has been decided and the interested parties have been informed, the plan is scheduled and valued. Restructuring provisions are recognized in accordance  with  IAS  37  -  Provisions,  Contingent  Liabilities and  Contingent  Assets  and  presented  within  Impairment, Restructuring and Other Expenses (Income) in the consolidated statement of income.

## u.  Pensions and other long-term benefits

The Technip Energies Group sponsors various end-of-service and retirement employee benefit plans. Payments under such employee benefit plans are made either at the date of the employee's termination of service with the Technip Energies Group or at a subsequent date or dates in accordance with the laws and practices of each country in which a participant resides. Depending on the employing entity the main defined benefit plans can be:

- ■ End of service benefits, to be paid at the termination of service;
- ■ Retirement benefits;
- ■ Jubilee benefits;
- ■ Post-retirement  medical  benefits  (health  care  and  life insurance).

The  Technip  Energies  Group  assesses  its obligations in respect  of  employee  pension  plans  and  other  long-term benefits such as 'jubilee benefits', post-retirement medical benefits,  special  termination  benefits  and  cash  incentive plans.  The  plan  assets  are  recorded  at  fair  value  based  on recognized and uniform actuarial methods performed by an independent actuary.

The  obligations  of  providing  benefits  under  defined  benefit plans  are  determined  by  independent  actuaries  using  the projected unit credit actuarial valuation method as per IAS 19 'Employee Benefits' (' IAS 19 ').

The actuarial assumptions used to determine the obligations may vary depending on the country. The actuarial estimation is based on usual parameters such as future wage, salary  increase  rate,  life  expectancy,  staff  turnover  and inflation rate.

The defined benefit liability equals the present value of the defined  benefit  obligation  after  deducting  the  plan  assets. Present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined using present value of future cash disbursements based on interest  rates  of  corporate  bonds,  in  the  currency  used  for benefit  payment,  and  whose  term  is  equal  to  the  average expected life of the defined benefit plan.

According to amended IAS 19, the actuarial gains and losses resulting from adjustments related to experience and changes  in  actuarial  assumptions  are  recorded  in  other comprehensive  income  (see  Note  24.  Pensions  and  other long-term employee benefits plans).

## v.  Deferred income tax

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in accordance  with  IAS  12  'Income  Taxes'  (' IAS  12 ')  and  are based on all temporary book-tax basis differences as of the closing date measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is  settled,  based  on  tax  rates  (and  tax  laws)  that  have been  enacted  or  substantively  enacted  by  the  end  of  the reporting period.

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  reviewed  at  each closing date to take into account the effect of any changes in tax laws and in the prospects of recovery.

Deferred income tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, unused tax credit carry-forwards and unused  tax  loss  carry-forwards,  to  the  extent  that  it  is probable  that  taxable  profit  will  be  available  against  which the temporary differences can be utilized.

Deferred income tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except in certain specific circumstances, in accordance with the provisions of IAS 12.

Tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

## w. Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as:

- ■ financial  liabilities  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss (i.e. instruments held for trading including derivatives not designated  as  hedging  instruments  and  also  instruments designated  upon  initial  recognition  at  fair  value  through profit or loss);
- ■ financial debt;
- ■ trade and other payables; or
- ■ derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge.

Financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the  case  of  loans  and  borrowings  and  payables,  net  of directly attributable transaction costs.

## Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Financial  liabilities  are  classified  as  held  for  trading  if  they are  incurred  for  the  purpose  of  repurchasing  in  the  near term.

Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognized in the consolidated statement of income.

The Technip Energies Group has not elected to designate any financial liability as at fair value through profit or loss.

## Financial debts (current and non-current)

Current  and  non-current  financial  debts  include  borrowings and  commercial  paper  programs.  After  initial  recognition, borrowings are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. Transaction costs are included  in  the  cost  of  debt  on  the  liability  side  of  the statement  of  financial  position,  as  an  adjustment  to  the nominal amount of the debt. The difference between the  initial  debt  and  redemption  at  maturity  is  amortized  at the effective interest rate.

## Derecognition

A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the  liability  is  discharged  or  canceled  or  expires.  When  an existing  financial  liability  is  replaced  by  another  from  the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the  original  liability  and  the  recognition  of  a  new  liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognized in the consolidated statement of income.

## x.  Current / non-current distinction

The  distinction  between  current  assets  and  liabilities,  and non-current assets and liabilities  is  based  on  the  operating cycle of contracts. If related to contracts, assets  and liabilities are classified as 'current'; if not related to contracts, assets and liabilities are classified as 'current' if their maturity is less than 12 months or 'non-current' if their maturity exceeds 12 months.

<!-- image -->

## 1.7. Key judgments and estimates

The  preparation  of  Technip  Energies  consolidated  financial statements requires the use of key judgments and estimates, either  at  the  balance  sheet  date  or  during  the  period  that affect  reported  amounts  of  assets,  liabilities,  incomes,  and expenses.

Management  exercises  its  best  judgment  based  upon  its experience and the circumstances prevailing as of reporting date. Judgments and estimates are reviewed periodically, on an ongoing basis, and may be reassessed if the circumstances  and  assumptions  on  which  they  were  based change, if new information becomes available, or because of greater experience.

Consequently,  the  actual  result  from  operations  may  differ from these estimates. In addition, Technip Energies Group's exposure  to  risks  is  also  discussed  in  Note  1.  Accounting principles and Note 28. Market-related exposure.

## a.  Judgments in applying accounting policies

## Revenue recognition

Most  of  the  Group's  revenue  is  derived  from  long-term contracts  that  can  span  several  years.  The  Group  accounts for  revenue  in  accordance  with  IFRS  15,  as  described  in paragraph b. Recognition of revenue from customer contracts of Note 1.6. Summary of significant accounting policies.

A  significant  portion  of  total  revenue  recognized  over  time primarily  relates  to  a  large  range  of  onshore  facilities  and fixed and floating offshore facilities that involve the design, engineering,  manufacturing,  construction,  and  assembly  of complex,  customer-specific  systems.  Because  of  control transferring  over  time,  revenue  is  recognized  based  on  the extent  of  progress  towards  completion  of  the  performance obligation. The selection of the method to measure progress towards completion requires judgment and is based on the nature of the products or services to be provided. The Group generally uses the cost-to-cost measure of progress for its contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the  customer  that  occurs  as  the  Group  incurs  costs  on  its contracts.

Due to the nature of the work required to be performed on performance obligations, the estimation of total revenue and costs  at  completion  is  complex,  subject  to  many  variables, and  requires  significant  judgment.  It  is  common  for  longterm contracts to contain award fees, incentive fees, or other provisions that can either increase or decrease the transaction price. The estimated amounts in the transaction price  are  included  when  management  believes  there  is  an enforceable  right  to  the  modification,  the  amount  can  be estimated reliably, and its realization is probable. The estimated amounts are included in the transaction price to the  extent  it is probable  that  a  significant reversal of cumulative  revenue  recognized  will  not  occur  when  the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved.

The Group executes contracts with its customers that clearly describe  the  equipment,  systems,  and/or  services.  After analyzing  the  drawings  and  specifications  of  the  contract requirements, project engineers estimate total contract costs based  on  their  experience  with  similar  projects  and  then adjust these estimates for specific risks associated with each project, such as technical risks associated with a new design. Costs associated with specific risks are estimated by assessing  the  probability  that  conditions  arising  from  these specific  risks  will  affect  total  cost  to  complete  the  project. After  work  on  a  project  begins,  assumptions  that  form  the basis for the calculation of total project cost are examined on a regular basis and estimates are updated to reflect the most current information and management's best judgment.

Adjustments to estimates of contract revenue, total contract cost,  or  extent  of  progress  toward  completion  are  often required as work progresses under the contract and as  experience  is  gained,  even  though  the  scope  of  work required under the contract may not change. The nature of accounting for long-term contracts is such that refinements of  the  estimating  process  for  changing  conditions  and  new developments are continuous and characteristic of the process.

Consequently, the amount of revenue recognized over time is sensitive  to  changes  in  estimates  of  total  contract  costs. There  are  many  factors,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  the ability to properly execute the engineering and design phases consistent with customers' expectations, the availability and costs  of  labor  and  material  resources,  productivity,  and weather,  all  of  which  can  affect  the  accuracy  of  cost estimates, and ultimately, a future profitability.

## b.  Assumptions and sources of estimation uncertainty

The  key  assumptions  concerning  the  future  and  other  key sources  of  estimation  uncertainty  at  the  reporting  date, which  could  have  a  significant  risk  of  causing  a  material adjustment  to  the  carrying  amount  of  assets  and  liabilities within the next financial year relate to:

- ■ Impairment of non-financial assets;
- ■ Income tax;
- ■ Accounting for pension and other post-retirement benefit plans;
- ■ Provisions.

## Impairment of non-financial assets

## ▪ Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair market value  of  net  assets  acquired  in  business  combinations. Goodwill  is  not  subject  to  amortization  but  is  tested  for impairment at the level of CGU or GCGUs the goodwill has been allocated to, on an annual basis, or more frequently if impairment  indicators  arise.  Management  has  established September 30 as the date of its annual test for impairment of goodwill. Management identifies a potential impairment by comparing the recoverable amount of the applicable CGU or GCGUs  to  its  carrying  amount,  including  goodwill.  If  the carrying  amount  exceeds  the  recoverable  amount  of  the applicable CGU or GCGUs, management measures the impairment  by  comparing  the  carrying  value  of  the  CGU  or GCGUs  to  its  recoverable  amount.  CGUs  with  goodwill  are tested for impairment using a quantitative impairment test.

Determining the recoverable amount of CGUs is judgmental and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. Management estimates the recoverable amount of  the  Group  CGUs  using  a  discounted  future  cash  flow model.  Most  of  the  estimates  and  assumptions  used  in  a discounted  future  cash  flow  model  on  a  post-tax  basis involve  unobservable  inputs  reflecting  management's  own assumptions  about  the  assumptions  market  participants would use in estimating the fair value of a business. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating  margins  used  to  calculate  projected  future  cash flows,  discount  rates  and  future  economic  and  market conditions. The estimates are  based  upon  assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and  unpredictable  and  do  not  reflect  unanticipated  events and circumstances that may occur.

A lower recoverable amount estimate in the future for any of the  Group's  CGUs  could  result  in  a  goodwill  impairment. Factors that could trigger a lower recoverable  amount estimate  include  sustained  price declines  of  the  CGUs' products and services, cost increases, regulatory or political environment  changes,  changes  in  customer  demand,  and other changes in market conditions, which may affect certain market  participant  assumptions  used  in  the  discounted future  cash  flow  model  based  on  internal  forecasts  of revenues  and  expenses  over  a  specified period plus a terminal value (the income approach).

The  income  approach  estimates  recoverable  amount  by discounting each CGUs estimated future cash flows using a weighted-average cost of capital that reflects current market conditions  and  the  risk  profile  of  CGUs.  To  arrive  at  future cash  flows,  management  uses  estimates  of  economic  and market  assumptions,  including  growth  rates  in  revenues, costs,  estimates  of  future  expected  changes  in  operating margins, tax rates and capital expenditures. Future revenues are  also  adjusted  to  match  changes  in  the  Group  business strategy. Management believes this approach is an appropriate  valuation  method  and  utilizes  this  approach  in determining the CGUs valuations.

For  additional  information  related  to  goodwill  impairment testing during the periods  presented,  refer  to Note  14. Goodwill and intangible assets, net.

## ▪ Property, plant and equipment and identifiable intangible assets

Property,  plant  and  equipment  and  identifiable  intangible assets being amortized are reviewed for impairment whenever  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  the carrying  amount  of  the  non-financial  assets  may  not  be recoverable. The carrying amount of a non-financial asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the recoverable amount determined as the higher of an asset's fair value less costs of disposal  and  its  value  in  use.  If  it  is  determined  that  an impairment loss  has  occurred,  the  loss  is  measured  as  the amount  by  which  the  carrying  amount  of  the  non-financial asset exceeds its recoverable amount. The determination of future  value  in  use  as  well  as  the  estimated  fair  value  of non-financial  assets  involves  significant  estimates  on  the part  of  management.  Because  there  usually  is  a  lack  of quoted market prices for non-financial assets, fair  value  of impaired assets is typically determined based on the present values  of  expected  future  cash  flows  using  discount  rates believed  to  be  consistent  with  those  used  by  principal market participants or based on a multiple of operating cash flow validated with historical market transactions of similar assets where possible. The expected future cash flows used for impairment reviews and related fair value calculations are based  on  judgmental  assessments  of  future  productivity  of the  asset,  operating  costs  and  capital  decisions  and  all available information at the date of review. If future market conditions deteriorate beyond current expectations and assumptions,  impairments  of  non-financial  assets  may  be identified if management concludes that the carrying amounts are no longer recoverable.

Refer  to  paragraphs  i)  Property,  plant  and  equipment  and k)  Intangible  assets  for  estimates  and  accounting  policies relevant to those assets.

## Income tax

Income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and reserves  for  uncertain  tax  positions  reflect  management's best  assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. The Group  is  subject  to  income  taxes  in  France  and  numerous other jurisdictions. Judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax expense.

In determining the current income tax provision, management assesses temporary differences resulting from differing treatments of items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position. When management assesses deductible temporary  differences,  including  those  originating  from  tax losses carried forward, management must assess the probability  that  these  will  be  recovered  through  the  future taxable income. To the extent management believes recovery is not probable, no deferred tax asset is recognized. Management believes the assessment related to the availability  of  future  taxable  income  is  a  critical  accounting estimate  because  it  is  highly  susceptible  to  change  from period to period, requires management to make assumptions about future income over the period of deductible temporary differences, and finally, the impact of increasing or decreasing deferred tax assets is potentially material to the results of operations.

Forecasting  future  income  requires  the  use  of  a  significant amount of judgment. In estimating future income, management uses internal operating budgets and long-range planning  projections.  Management  develops  its  budgets  and long-range projections based on recent results, trends, economic  and  industry  forecasts  influencing  the  Group's performance,  its  backlog,  planned  timing  of  new  product launches and customer sales commitments. Significant changes in management's judgment related to the expected realizability of deductible temporary differences result in an adjustment to the associated deferred tax asset.

The calculation of income tax expense involves dealing with uncertainties  in  the  application  of  complex  tax  laws  and regulations  in  numerous  jurisdictions  in  which  the  Group operates.  Management  recognizes  tax  benefits  related  to uncertain tax positions when, in management's judgment, it is more likely than not that such positions will be sustained on examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or  litigation,  based  on  the  technical  merits.  Management adjusts liabilities for uncertain tax positions when its judgment  changes  because  of  new  information  previously unavailable. Due to the complexity of some  of these uncertainties, their ultimate resolution may result in payments that are materially different from current estimates. Any such differences will be reflected as adjustments to income tax expense in the periods in which they are determined.

IFRIC 23 'Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments' provides guidance on how to recognize and measure uncertainty over 'income tax' treatment as defined by paragraph 5 of IAS 12. The Group analyses all the tax treatments impacting current tax or deferred tax and reported or planned to be reported in income  tax  filings  that  could  be  challenged  by  the  tax authorities.  The  tax  assets  and  liabilities  relating  to  these uncertain  tax  treatments  are  reviewed  on  a  case-by-case basis  assuming  a  full  knowledge  of  the  tax  authorities  and measured at the most probable amount.

For further information, refer to Note 13. Income tax.

<!-- image -->

## Accounting for pension and other post-retirement benefit plans

The  determination  of  the  projected  benefit  obligations  of pension and other post-retirement benefit plans are important to the recorded amounts of such obligations in the consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  and  to  the amount of pension expense in the consolidated statement of income.  To  measure  the  projected  benefit  obligations  of pension  and  other  post-retirement  benefit  plans  and  the expense  associated  with  such  benefits,  management  must make  a  variety  of  assumptions  and  estimates,  including discount  rates  used  to  value  certain  liabilities,  rates  of compensation increase, employee turnover rates, retirement rates, mortality rates and other factors. Management updates these assumptions and estimates on an annual basis or more frequently upon the occurrence of significant events. These accounting  assumptions  and  estimates  consider  the  risk  of change  due  to  the  uncertainty  and  difficulty  in  estimating these  measures.  Different  assumptions  and  estimates  used by  management  could  result  in  recognition  of  different amounts of expense over different periods of time.

The discount rate affects the interest cost component of net periodic  pension  cost  and  the  calculation  of  the  projected benefit  obligation.  The  discount  rate  is  based  on  rates  at which  the  pension  benefit  obligation  could  be  effectively settled on a present value basis. Discount rates are derived by identifying a theoretical settlement portfolio of long-term, high  quality  ('AA'  rated)  corporate  bonds  at  determination date  that  is  sufficient  to  provide  for  the  projected  pension benefit payments. A single discount rate is determined that results in a discounted value of the pension benefit payments  that  equate  to  the  market  value  of  the  selected bonds.  The  resulting  discount  rate  is  reflective  of  both  the current interest rate environment and the pension's distinct liability  characteristics.  Significant  changes  in  the  discount rate, such as those caused by changes in the yield curve, the mix  of bonds  available  in  the  market,  the  duration  of selected bonds and the timing of expected benefit payments, may  result  in  volatility  in  pension  expense  and  pension liabilities.

Due  to the specialized and  statistical nature of these calculations which attempt to anticipate future events, management  engages  third-party  specialists  to  assist  in evaluating  assumptions  as  well  as  appropriately  measuring the costs and obligations associated with these pension and other post-retirement benefits.

The actuarial assumptions and estimates made by management in determining pension and other postretirement  benefit  obligations  may  materially  differ  from actual  results  because  of  changing  market  and  economic conditions  and  changes  in  plan  participant  assumptions. While management believes the assumptions and estimates used  are  appropriate,  differences  in  actual  experience  or changes  in  plan  participant  assumptions  may  materially affect  the  Technip  Energies  Group's  financial  position  or results of operations.

The  Group's  pension  and  other  post-retirement  obligations are  described  in  Note  24.  Pensions  and  other  long-term employee benefits plans.

## Provisions

The Group is involved in judicial  or  administrative  litigation. The process for assessing and measuring the risks related to these proceedings is based on multiple factors that require to  make  assumptions  and  estimates,  particularly  regarding the  assessment  of  uncertainties.  Provisions  are  estimated based  on  the  Group  best  estimate  of the expenditure required  to  settle  the  obligations,  considering  all  relevant information available and different possible outcomes at the reporting date.

## 1.8. Other sources of estimation uncertainty

In the elaboration of its financial statements, the Group also considered  as  other  sources  of  estimation  uncertainty  the following:

- ■ Climate-related matters;
- ■ Conflict in Ukraine;
- ■ Macroeconomic conditions.

## Climate-related matters

The Group considered climate-related matters in the preparation of its financial statements and concluded to the absence  of  material  impacts  on  reported  amounts  of  the Group's  assets  and  liabilities  as  well  as  on  assets  and liabilities that may be recognized in the future, mostly for the following reasons:

- ■ Technip Energies generally acts as a contractor. As such, the Group's portfolio and positioning will evolve with the energy transition unfolding landscape: the profile of projects  and  services  is  directly  impacted  by  the  Group clients' evolving investments to transform energy production  infrastructure  to  meet  environmental  targets and  address  the  need  to  reduce  global  warming  and greenhouse gas emissions.
- ■ Due  to  its  operating  model  the  Group  does  not  hold material  tangible  or  intangible  assets  that  could  become obsolete  considering  climate-related  matters  and  would therefore require a revision of estimated residual values or expected useful lives. This also explains why none of the Group's  assets  is  forecasted  to  bear  subsequent  major expenditures  to  cope  with  obsolescence  or  new  legal restrictions.
- ■ Although the Group still operates major contracts on its traditional  markets,  a  conversion  trend  is  confirmed  by 2022  awards  in  the  renewable  fuels  and  clean  hydrogen domains.  As  of  December  31,  2022,  the  Group  energy transition  orders,  excluding  LNG,  reached  €1.0  billion, representing  approximately  28%  of  the  Group  total  2022 order intake. The change of mix, with a growing portion of energy transition projects is reflected in the Group prospective  financial  information  for  the  next  coming years.
- ■ The Group has strong experience of conducting projects in extreme weather conditions.

The specific positioning of the Group in the value chain and the way Technip Energies participates in the energy transition is moreover described in part 3.6.3. EU Green Taxonomy.

## ▪ Research and development and sustainable investments associated to climate

In  2022,  the  Group  continued  to  allocate  resources  to strengthen  its  technology  portfolio  and  diversify  its  offer related to energy transition.

During the year, the Group invested €33.6 million in acquiring licenses  and  technologies.  Amongst  its  main  investments, Technip  Energies  acquired  16.3%  of  X1  Wind,  a  renewable energy startup that has designed an innovative and disruptive offshore wind turbine floater and participated in the world's largest private investment in green hydrogen acquiring stake of Hy2Gen.

The Group's ambition to achieve the objectives set out in its ESG roadmap is also reflected in its increased R&amp;D efforts. As  of  December  31,  2022,  R&amp;D  expenses  related  to  energy transition  amounted  to  €41.1  million  on  the  total  €49.5 million 2022 expense.

## ▪ Impairment test and valuation of assets

The Group is currently engaged in activities and markets for which the demand provides a high multiyear visibility and are not subject to regulations that would jeopardize its activities in the short or medium term.

The business plan underpinning the impairment test performed by the Group as of December 31, 2022 is in line with  market  demand  and  does  not  include  any  disruptive elements  that  would  be  required  to  be  reflected  in  future cash  flows.  Finally,  the  prospective  financial  information reflects  the  future  opportunities  in  the  energy  transition markets.

## ▪ Share-based compensation and remuneration policy applied to Executive Officer, Executive Committee members, Senior Managers, and other key employees

The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has granted to the Executive Officer, Executive Committee members,  Senior  Managers,  and  other  key  employees  (e.g., technical  experts,  high  potentials)  a  Long-Term  Incentive plan  in  the  form  of  Performance  Stock  Units  (PSUs)  and Restricted Stock Units (RSUs). The PSUs vesting is subject to the  satisfactory  achievement  of  performance  conditions.  As of  2022,  the  performance  conditions  comprise  the  total shareholder return ('TSR'), EPS and a set of three weighted ESG  indicators  directly  derived  from  our  ESG  Roadmap  to support Technip Energies vision in accelerating energy transition  for  a  'better  tomorrow'  and  to  strengthen  the alignment with sustainable long-term value creation. One of these indicators is a climate-friendly objective: 30% decrease in scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions between 2019 and 2025.

In addition,  the  Compensation  Committee  reviewed  the Executive Director's remuneration and notably reinforced the weighting of the ESG component in the Short-Term Incentive program  with  ESG  KPIs  derived  from  the  Company's  ESG roadmap. These changes have been introduced in 2022 and are described in section 6.6.1. Executive Director remuneration.  As  compared  to  December  31,  2021,  the  ESG business  performance  indicators  weighting  increased  from 15% to 25% to emphasize ESG performance and to signal the Company's commitment to embed sustainable, socially responsible and ethical business practices.

## ▪ Green financing

The terms and conditions of the Group financing agreements do  not  include  climate-friendly covenants  or  objectives, except  for  the  Revolving  Facility  for  which  the  applicable margin  is  adjusted  based  on  the  successful  completion  by the Group of the 3 ESG key performance indicators defined in  the  facility  agreement:  reduction  of  carbon  footprint, supporting of ESG  ratings and improvement  of gender diversity.  On  May  24,  2022,  the  Revolving  Credit  Facility margin  was  adjusted  accordingly  following  the  successful achievement of all three KPI's for the year 2021. As of today, the  Revolving  Credit  Facility  remains  undrawn,  the  financial cost associated with the facility is therefore immaterial. For further information, refer to Note 22. Debt (long and shortterm).

## Conflict in Ukraine

The Conflict in Ukraine and sanctions imposed against Russia and Belarus pose significant challenges to business activities and  introduce  a  degree  of  uncertainty  on  the  expected development  of  such  activities.  The  Group  considered  its direct and indirect risk exposure resulting from the conflict in  the  preparation  of  its  consolidated  financial  statements and its assessment is discussed below.

## ▪ Impairment of non-financial assets

The Group considered the conflict as an impairment trigger and conducted a dedicated ad hoc goodwill impairment test. This test was based on the Group CGU's carrying values as of March  31,  2022.  The  prospective  financial  information  used excluded net cash-flows related to Arctic LNG 2 project as well as new business opportunities in Russia.

Risk-adjusted post tax discount rate for both CGUs used for this impairment test was 12.0% for Project Delivery and 10.5% for Technology, Products &amp; Services. This compares to 11.5% and 9.5% as of December 31, 2021, for Project Delivery and Technology, Products &amp; Services, respectively.

This  dedicated  test  did  not  lead  to  an  impairment.  The excess of value in use over carrying values was approximately €700.0  million  and  €625.0  million  for  Project  Delivery  and Technology, Products &amp; Services, respectively. The Group also performed  a  sensitivity  analysis  on  discount  and  long-term growth rates. A 1.0% increase of the discount rate and a 1.0% decrease of the long-term growth rate would result in excess of value in use over carrying values of approximately €568.0 million for Project Delivery and €443.0 million for Technology, Products &amp; Services.

The conclusions of this dedicated impairment test remained unchanged after allocating corporate assets.

The  carrying  value  of  goodwill  allocated  by  CGU  for  this specific  test  was  €1,551.5  million  for  Project  Delivery  and €534.6  million  for  Technology,  Products  &amp;  Services.  This compares  to  €1,542.8 million and  €531.6 million as of December 31, 2021, for Project  Delivery  and  for  Technology, Products &amp; Services, respectively.

This  test  did  not  replace  the  one  performed  on  an  annual basis,  the  conclusions  of  which  are  discussed  in  Note  14. Goodwill and intangible assets, net.

In addition, the Group does not hold significant non-financial assets  located  in  Russia  or  Ukraine  that  would  directly  or indirectly be impacted by the conflict.

<!-- image -->

## ▪ Revenue from Contracts with Customers

The Group evaluated the potential implications of the Ukraine conflict on revenue recognition for the financial year ended December  31, 2022 and concluded that current developments did not affect its ability to recognize revenue nor  the  measurement  of  variable  considerations  over  the year.

The analysis performed confirms that the criteria to recognize revenue are met. To date, the Group considers that any outstanding consideration due is collectible on the Arctic LNG 2 project.

Although the Group's revenue will be affected by the inability to  pursue  its  operations  in  Russia  due  to  the  sanctions associated to the Ukraine conflict, suspension and termination of the Arctic LNG 2 contract will not give rise to variable  considerations  arising  out  of  contractual  penalties, liquidated  damages,  or  price  concessions  that  could  be granted to the Arctic LNG 2 customer.

There are no refund liabilities, termination penalties or other contractual liability that would not already have materialized in the balance sheet positions of the Arctic LNG 2 contract.

The Group did not identify significant additional costs to be incurred  to  satisfy  its  performance  obligation  under  the Arctic LNG 2 contract that would be included in the cost-tocost  input  method  for  measuring  progress  and  revenue recognition.

Discussions with the client have resulted in the signing of an Exit Framework Agreement in the third quarter of 2022. This process is expected to be completed within the first half of 2023.  Technip  Energies  recognized  revenue  where  it  was authorized to do so, in compliance with applicable sanctions adopted by the European Union, the United States, and other countries.  The  Group  does  not  expect  any  negative  net financial  exposure  due  to  its  contractual  rights  and  the balance sheet position of the Arctic LNG 2 project.

## ▪ Expected credit loss

In assessing impairment of financial instruments, the Group considered the potential effects of the conflict in Ukraine on the  measurement  of  its  weighted  average  expected  credit loss  rate.  The  analysis  of  the  increase  in  the  credit  risk  on financial  instruments  has  been  performed  on  a  collective basis.  Counterparties  which  are  Russian  or  have  links  with Russia have been identified. The Group concluded that there is no impact on the rate used to measure the expected credit loss at Group level. As of December 31, 2022, balance sheet positions  of  the  Arctic  LNG  2  project  reflect  the  Group's assessment of its exposure and level of collectability.

Excluding  Arctic  LNG  2,  the  Group's  positions  with  Russian external third parties are not material, and the collection of receivables is considered highly probable.

Finally, these elements are reinforced by the way most of the Group's  long-term  contracts  are  financed,  notably  through advanced payments presented as contract liabilities  on  the statement  of  financial  position,  and  by  the  nature  and financial strength of the Group's major clients.

## ▪ Liquidity and currency risk

Further to the conflict in Ukraine and the consecutive sets of sanctions  and  counter  sanctions  which  have  been  enacted by,  amongst  others,  the  European  Union,  the  United  States authorities  and  the  Central  Bank  of  Russia,  the  Group  is monitoring financial risks to which it may be exposed such as credit  risk,  liquidity  risk  and  currency  risk.  The  Group  no longer  has  any  foreign  exchange  instruments  related  to

Rubles in its books, nor any debit situation with its treasury center. The cash position held by Russian subsidiaries is not material  at  Group  level,  and  no  loan  is  in  place  to  Russian entities  or  other  Russian  parties.  The  Group  does  not  hold significant  balances  of  cash  in  Rubles  or  located  in  Russia (detail  by  currency  provided  in  Note  19.  Cash  and  cash equivalents).

## ▪ Cyber impacts

As part of Technip Energies' ongoing cybersecurity strategy, the Group undertakes regular reviews of external threats and evaluates  them  against  its  existing  systems  and  processes. Following the beginning of the conflict in Ukraine, the Group increased its threat monitoring capabilities through a combination of additional technologies and services to mitigate any additional threats that are identified. These can be from several threats including nation states and political hacktivists. Technip Energies has also increased its employees' awareness of these threats through a combination of additional awareness campaigns and supplemental training.

On  April  1,  2022,  the  Group  renewed  its  cyber  insurance policy with Lloyd's syndicates Brit and Kiln who, in the cover provided under this policy have expressly excluded:

- Any loss or damage or liability in or from any occurrence  in Russia or their respective territorial waters,
- Any loss or damage or liability incurred by persons or entities located in Russia or their respective territorial waters.

Following  key  assessments  described  above,  we  have  not identified any significant risk that could result in a material adjustment  to  the  carrying  amount  of  assets  and  liabilities within the next financial year.

## Macroeconomic conditions

Current  macroeconomic  conditions  (inflationary  pressures, increases in interest rates and raw material and energy costs, shortages,  exchange  rate  volatility)  may  increase  economic uncertainties and have effects on Technip Energies consolidated  financial  statements.  The  estimates  described below  have  been  reviewed  to  take  in  consideration  this specific macroeconomic environment:

## ▪ Measurement of the present value of the postemployment benefit obligations

Actuarial assumptions have been revalued (wage and discount rate increase) to reflect long term economic forecast. Assumptions used to assess post-retirement valuation as of December 31, 2022, include as compared to December 31, 2021, an increase of:

- ■ The  expected  long-term  inflation  assumption  set  by  the European Central Bank;
- ■ The  spread  above  assumed  the  long-term  inflation  to derive the expected yearly salary increase.

Moreover,  to  consider  increased  volatility  observed  on  key assumptions such as discount rate and inflation rate, sensitivities shown include +/- 50 bps ranges as compared to +/- 25bps last year.

## ▪ Impairment test of goodwill

During the year ended December 31, 2022, global macroeconomic  conditions  have  significantly  deteriorated. The increase in interest rates and inflation were considered in the discount rates and in the prospective financial information used in the determination of the value in use.

Regarding discount rates, the increase in weighted average cost of capital, period over period, reflected the rise in risk-free rates. The variation, per operating segment compared to last year is the following:

| December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Project Delivery  12.0 %  11.5 %  Technology, Products &amp; Services  11.5%  9.5%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Besides,  the  long-term  growth  rates  used  to  estimate  cash flow  projections  beyond  the  period  covered  by  the  budgets were  unchanged  from  last  year,  remaining  at  1.9%  for  both operating segments. Macroeconomic conditions, in particular wage  increases, or higher commodity  prices were also reflected  in  the  future  cash  flows  used  to  determine  the value  in  use  of  the  CGUs.  The  consideration  of  the  abovementioned did not lead to the recognition of an impairment, as described in Note 14. Goodwill and intangible assets, net.

## ▪ Estimates on long-term and onerous contracts

Estimates  on  long-term  and  onerous  contracts  have  been reviewed  to  evaluate  the  expected  economic  benefits  and the  performance  obligations.  As  of  December  31,  2022,  the Group considered increased prices and rising inflation in its assessment of onerous contracts. The current macroeconomic conditions did not lead the Group to consider  long-term  contracts  in  force  as  onerous;  thus,  no additional provisions were accounted for as a direct consequence of the market situation.

## Note 2. Changes in the scope of consolidation

## Year ended December 31, 2022

The Group did not have any significant acquisitions and divestitures during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022.

## Year ended December 31, 2021

On April 27, 2021, the Technip Energies Group's participation in Inocean AS was increased to 100% by acquiring the remaining 49% of Inocean AS that the Group did not already own for €2.0 million. Inocean AS was already fully consolidated. The carrying amount of non-controlling interests, at the date of acquisition, was €0.5 million.

The Group did not have any other significant acquisitions and divestitures during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021.

<!-- image -->

## Note 3. Segment information

In  the  periods  presented  here,  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  reviewed  and  evaluated  the  Technip  Energies  Group  operating performance to make decisions about resources to be allocated and has been identified as the CODM. Utilizing the internal reporting information provided to the CODM, the Technip Energies Group has changed, in 2021, the structure of its internal organization and defined two segments designated as Project Delivery and Technology, Products &amp; Services. The assessment of the operating segment's performance is based on the Group's EBIT. Statement of income information by segment is shown below:

<!-- image -->

| December 31, 2022  (In millions of €)  Project Delivery  Technology,  Products &amp;  Services  Corporate/non  allocable  Total  Revenue  4,884.3  1,398.0  -  6,282.3  EBIT (Profit (loss) before financial expense,  net and income tax)  527.3  129.2  (74.5)  582.0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  (In millions of €)  Project Delivery  Technology,  Products &amp;  Services  Corporate/non  allocable  Total  Revenue  5,132.5  1,301.2  -  6,433.7  EBIT (Profit (loss) before financial expense, net  and income tax)  529.2  118.0  (58.1)  589.1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue from Arctic LNG 2 and North Field East (NFE) projects exceeded 10% of Technip Energies' consolidated revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2021 revenue from Arctic LNG 2 project exceeded 10% of Technip Energies' consolidated revenue.

Statement of financial position information by segment is shown below:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| December 31, 2021  (In millions of €)  Project Delivery  Technology,  Products &amp;  Services  Corporate/non  allocable  Total  TOTAL ASSETS  2,697.8  1,091.5  4,590.0  8,379.3   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 4. Revenue

## 4.1. Principal revenue generating activities

As  one  of  the  largest  E&amp;T  groups  by  revenue,  Technip Energies Group offers what it characterizes as a full range of design  and  project  development  services  to  its  customers spanning the downstream value chain, from early engagement  technical  consulting  through  final  acceptance testing.

The Group's offering to its clients consists of Project Delivery, and Technology, Products &amp; Services. Technip Energies  Group  business  focuses  on  the  study,  engineering, procurement,  construction,  and  project  management  of  the entire range of onshore and offshore facilities related to gas monetization, refining, and chemical processing from biofuels and hydrocarbons.

The majority of the Technip Energies Group revenue is from long-term contracts associated with designing and manufacturing products and systems and providing services to customers involved in the energy sector.

## 4.2.  Disaggregation of revenue

The Technip Energies Group disaggregates revenue from external customers as follows:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (In millions of €)  Project  Delivery  Technology,  Products &amp;  Services  TOTAL  Project  Delivery  Technology,  Products &amp;  Services  TOTAL  Europe &amp; Russia  1,612.7  628.0  2,240.7  3,038.4  554.1  3,592.5  Africa &amp; Middle East  2,157.5  221.4  2,378.9  1,233.3  160.7  1,394.0  Asia Pacific  723.4  316.3  1,039.7  575.5  292.3  867.8  Americas  390.7  232.3  623.0  285.2  294.2  579.4  TOTAL REVENUE  4,884.3  1,398.0  6,282.3  5,132.4  1,301.3  6,433.7   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4.3.  Contract balances

The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed accounts receivable, revenues in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts (contract assets),  and  billings  in  excess  of  revenues  on  uncompleted contracts (contract liabilities) on the consolidated statement of financial position.

Contract assets - Contract assets include unbilled amounts typically  resulting  from  sales  under  long-term  contracts when revenue is recognized over time and revenue recognized  exceeds  the  amount  billed  to  a  customer,  and right to payment is not just subject to the passage of time. Amounts may not exceed their net realizable value. Contract assets are generally classified as current.

Contract  liabilities  -  The  Group  often  receives  advances  or deposits  from  its  customers  before  revenue  is  recognized, resulting in contract liabilities.

The following table provides information about net contract assets (liabilities) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Change  % change  Contract assets  343.2  331.8  11.4  3%  Contract (liabilities)  (3,154.8)  (3,206.5)  51.7  (2%)  NET LIABILITIES  (2,811.6)  (2,874.7)  63.1  (2%)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The increase in our contract assets from December 31, 2021, to  December  31,  2022,  was  primarily  due  to  the  timing  of milestones.

The  increase  in  contract  liabilities  was  primarily  due  to additional  cash  received,  excluding  amounts  recognized  as revenue during the period.

Many of these contracts provide a combination of engineering, procurement, construction, project management and  installation services, which  may  last  several years. Management  has  determined  that  contracts  of  this  nature have generally one performance obligation. In these contracts,  the  final  product  is  highly  customized  to  the specifications of the field and the customer's requirements. Therefore,  the  customer  obtains  control  of  the  asset  over time, and thus revenue is recognized over time.

These  customized  products  do  not  have  an  alternative  use for  Technip  Energies  Group.  The  Group  has  an  enforceable right  to  payment  plus  reasonable  profit  for  performance completed to date.

<!-- image -->

To determine revenue recognized in the period from contract liabilities,  the  Group  allocates  revenue  to  the  individual contract liability balance outstanding at the beginning of the period  until  the  revenue  exceeds  that  balance.  Revenue recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that  were  included  in  the  contract  liabilities  balance  at December  31,  2021  and  2020  was  €2,524.2  million  and €2,016.8 million, respectively.

Revenue recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and  2021  from  the  Technip  Energies  Group's  performance obligations  satisfied  in  previous  periods  had  a  favorable impact of €133.2 million and €434.0 million respectively. This primarily relates to changes in the estimate of the stage of completion.

## 4.4.  Transaction price allocated to the remaining unsatisfied performance obligations

Remaining  unsatisfied  performance  obligations  ('backlog') represent the transaction price for products and services for which we have an enforceable right but work has not been performed.  Transaction  price  of  the  backlog  includes  the base transaction price, variable consideration, and changes in transaction price. The backlog table does not include contracts for which we recognize revenue at the amount to which  we  have  the  right  to  invoice  for  services  performed. The transaction price of backlog related to unfilled,

The following table details the backlog as of December 31, 2022:

| (In millions)  December 31,  2023  December 31,  2024  December 31,  2025+  Total remaining unsatisfied performance obligations  5,345.7  4,009.9  3,138.6  The following table details the backlog as of December 31, 2021:  (In millions)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2023  December 31,  2024+  Total remaining unsatisfied performance obligations  6,225.5  4,199.4  5,492.0   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

confirmed  customer  orders  is  estimated  at  each  reporting date.  As  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  the  aggregate amount  of  the  transaction  price  allocated  to  backlog  was €12,494.2 million and €15,916.9 million, respectively. Remaining unsatisfied performance obligations as of December  31,  2022  takes  into  consideration  the  revision  of the backlog associated with Arctic LNG 2 project.

## Note 5. Impairment, restructuring and other expense

Impairment, restructuring and other expense is detailed as follows:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Impairment costs  (12.7)  (0.1)  Restructuring and non-recurring income (expense)  11.1  (3.4)  Separation costs  -  (28.3)  Other  0.2  (0.2)  TOTAL IMPAIRMENT, RESTRUCTURING AND OTHER EXPENSE  (1.4)  (32.0)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment costs

As of December 31, 2022, three buildings leased and used by the Group for its offices have been impaired for an aggregate of €12.7 million. The impairment test conducted on Goodwill is  discussed  in  detail  in  Note  1.  Accounting  principles  and presented in Note 14. Goodwill and intangible assets, net and concluded to the absence of impairment.

## Restructuring and non-recurring income (expense)

As  of  December  31,  2022,  restructuring  and  non-recurring income  (expense)  were  made  of  releases  of  provisions  for which  risks  expired,  partially  offset  by  severance  costs. During the year ended December 31, 2021, restructuring and non-recurring  income  (expense)  included  €3.8  million  of severance costs and €0.4 million of release of provision on facility costs (mainly early lease termination and relocation).

## Separation costs

Separation-related costs include fees and expenses associated with the separation transaction from TechnipFMC (the  ' Spin-off ')  for  €28.3  million  as  of  December  31,  2021. The costs included legal and tax advice expenses, consulting services and other separation activities related costs. There were no separation related costs incurred as of December 31, 2022.

## Note 6. Other operating income (expense), net

Total other income and expense, net is as follows:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Foreign currency gain (loss)  (9.3)  4.9  Reinsurance income (expense)  7.6  7.9  Net gain (loss) from disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets  (0.7)  0.9  Other  0.3  1.3  TOTAL OTHER OPERATING INCOME (EXPENSE), NET  (2.1)  15.0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Note 7. Earnings per share

Diluted earnings per share are determined in accordance with accounting principles described in Note 1. Accounting principles. Reconciliation between earnings per share before dilution and diluted earnings per share is as follows:

| (In millions of €, except per share data)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Net profit (loss) attributable to Technip Energies  300.7  244.6  Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding  175,111,076  178,573,624  Effect of dilutive instruments  3,729,918  1,755,214  WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF DILUTED SHARES OUTSTANDING  178,840,994  180,328,838   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Earnings (loss) per share attributable to Technip Energies

Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to Technip Energies

Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to Technip Energies

Diluted  earnings  (loss)  per  share  is  determined  by  dividing net  profit  (loss)  attributable  to  Technip  Energies  by  the combination  of  the  weighted  average  number  of  ordinary shares outstanding during the period and the dilutive effect of performance shares. Stock options which are 'out of the money' are not dilutive.

## Note 8. Share-based compensation

The expense related to compensation based on performance shares (' Performance Shares ') and stock options granted to employees and board members was recorded in the consolidated statement of income for €16.7 million and €17.3 million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively.

## 8.1. Performance and restricted shares

## a.  2022 Performance shares program under the Technip Energies N.V. Incentive Award Plan

The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, at its meeting of February 22, 2021, established the terms and conditions  of  the  2021  Performance  shares  program  (the ' 2021  Program ')  under  and  pursuant  to  the  terms  of  the Technip  Energies  N.V.  Incentive  Award  Plan  (the  ' Plan '). The  2021  Program  provided  for  the  allocation  of  shares granted  in  either  the  form  of  performance  stock  units (' PSUs ') or restricted stock units (' RSUs ').

On February 28, 2022, the Compensation Committee delegated  to  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  the  decision  to implement  the  granting  of  Performance  Shares  under  the 2022  Program.  Main  grant  and  additional  grant  of  these Performance Shares were allocated respectively as of March 28,  2022  and  September  19,  2022  by  the  Chief  Executive Officer under the 2022 Program pursuant to his decision.

Performance Shares generally vest after 3 years of service.

Share-based  compensation  expense  is  recognized  ratably over the vesting period. Exceptions to the service period are the  death  or  disability  of  the  employee  upon  which  vesting accelerates.

The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, at its meeting of February 28, 2022, has approved the terms of the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Program, and the LTI performance metrics. Under this program, certain Employees, Senior Executives, Executive Committee members or Officers benefit from PSUs that vest subject to achieving satisfactory performances and/or from RSUs that vest subject to

€1.72

€1.68

€1.37

€1.36

In 2022, the average annual share price amounted to €12.61 and the closing price to €14.67.

continuous  presence  within  the  Group.  The  performance metrics  that  rule  performance  criteria  of  the  PSUs  are detailed below:

- ■ The  Total  Shareholder  Return  ('TSR')  represents  now 37.5% of the performance conditions mix (vs 100% in 2021 Performance Shares Program). The TSR peer group to  assess  Technip  Energies  has  also  been  revised  from 8 to 10 reference companies;
- ■ Earnings  Per  Share  ('EPS')  has  been  set  as  a  second financial indicator for 37.5% of the performance conditions mix;
- ■ An E.S.G. performance metric, representing 25.0% of PSUs performance  conditions,  combines  3  Key  Performance Indicators. They are evenly weighted and described below:
- E:  reduce  30%  on  scope  1&amp;2  GHG  emissions  by  2025 compared to 2019,
- S:  25%  of  women  in  leadership  positions  including ExCom by 2025,
- G: reduce by 2025 non-mandatory commercial intermediaries by 100%.

The fair value of such PSUs is estimated using both a Monte Carlo simulation model and closing stock price at the grant date whereas RSUs fair value is based on the closing stock price at the grant date.

Under  the  2022  Program,  €21.0  million  were  authorized  for awards. A first grant of 1,659,182 shares (897,084 PSUs and 762,098  RSUs,  representing  €18.9  million  at  €11.36  (closing stock price at the grant date) was made on March 28, 2022. A second  grant  of  167,476  shares  (94,792  PSUs  and  72,684 RSUs)  was  performed  on  September  19,  2022  representing €2.1  million  at  €12.60  per  share  (closing  stock  price  at  the grant date).

## b.  Vesting of March 8, 2019, September 23, 2019 and April 15, 2021 Long-Term Incentive programs

In  connection with the separation of Technip Energies from TechnipFMC, the outstanding rights to receive ordinary shares  of  TechnipFMC  pursuant  to  Restricted  Stock  Units and Performance Stock Units awarded on March 8, 2019 and September  23,  2019,  were  converted  as  RSUs  on  the  same terms  and  conditions  under  Technip  Energies'  Long  Term Incentive programs.

## March 8, 2019 program

Out  of  the  560,006  Performance  Shares  granted  to  certain Employees, Senior Executives, Executive Committee members or Officers:

- ■ 538,124  shares  were  vested  on  March  8,  2022,  at  an acquisition  price  of  €9.16  per  share  (Technip  Energies' stock  price  on  the  vesting  date,  i.e.:  the  opening  of  the Paris  stock  exchange  market  on  March  8,  2022),  for grantees having fulfilled the presence conditions for PSUs and  RSUs  (3  years  of  service)  and  after  having  applied 100% performance conditions for PSUs;
- ■ 21,882  shares  were  forfeited  due  to  the  unfulfillment  of presence condition from grantees, according to the requirement of program terms and conditions.

## September 23, 2019 program

Out  of  the  56,806  Performance  Shares  granted  to  certain Employees, Senior Executives, Executive Committee members or Officers:

- ■ 43,028 shares were vested on September 23, 2022, at an acquisition  price  of  €12.00  per  share  (Technip  Energies' stock  price  on  the  vesting  date,  i.e.:  the  opening  of  the Paris stock exchange market on September 23, 2022), for grantees having fulfilled the presence conditions for PSUs and  RSUs  (3  years  of  service)  and  after  having  applied 100% performance conditions for PSUs;
- ■ 13,778  shares  were  forfeited  due  to  the  unfulfillment  of presence condition from grantees, according to the requirement of program terms and conditions.

## April 15, 2021 program - Non-Executive Directors

A  Restricted  Shares  Units  (RSUs)  Program  was  granted  to 7 Non-Executive Directors on April 15, 2021, subject to a oneyear vesting and to presence condition as of April 15, 2022. These  94,829  RSUs  were  vested  in  full  on  April  15,  2022, at the acquisition price of €12.18 per share (Technip Energies' stock  price  at  the  opening  of  the  Paris  stock  exchange market on April 19, 2022).

## April 15, 2021 program - Executive Committee (1 st Tranche Vesting)

The  Compensation  Committee  awarded  a  special  grant  of shares  to  the  Executive  Committee  of  the  company  as  of April  15,  2021  including  the  Executive  Director.  The  value  of the special grant was set at 50% of annual base salary at the date of the grant and constitutes an entitlement to receive shares in the form of PSUs at the end of two vesting periods as follows: 50% of PSUs are to vest after 18 months from the grant  date,  and  50%  of  PSUs  are  to  vest  after  30  months from the grant date.

The performance measure used for the special grant is the Total  Shareholder  Return  over  the  vesting  periods  and  is subject  to  no  termination  of  service  occurring  prior  to  the end  of  the  vesting  periods.  The  Total  Shareholder  Return (TSR) is the rate of return observed, taking into account the payment  of  a  dividend  during  the  period.  The  dividend  is assumed to be reinvested immediately into the share itself at the  closing  share  price  of  the  dividend  payment  day.  The calculated TSR is then compared to the TSR peer group.

The Compensation  Committee  by  written resolution on October 11, 2022 approved the financial performance of the TSR  (Total  Shareholder  Return)  at  100%  for  the  period concerning the first vesting tranche of PSU's, in accordance with the terms of the '2021 - Technip Energies N.V. Incentive Award Plan /Special Grant'.

As a result, out of 147,741 Performance Shares granted as of April 15, 2021:

- ■ 66,784  shares  were  vested  on  October  15,  2022,  at  an acquisition  price  of  €12,49  per  share  (Technip  Energies' stock  price  on  the  vesting  date,  i.e.:  the  opening  of  the Paris stock exchange market on October 17, 2022);
- ■ 7,086 shares have been forfeited due to the unfulfillment of  presence  condition  or  the  lack  of  formal  acceptance from  grantees,  according  to  the  requirement  of  program terms and conditions.

## 8.2.  Stock options

During  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021  there were no movements regarding stock options.

<!-- image -->

ANNUAL ACCOUNTS

## Note 9. Investment in equity affiliates, joint ventures and other construction project entities

The  carrying  amounts  of  the  Technip  Energies  Group's  equity  affiliates  and  joint  ventures  accounted  for  under  the  equity method amounted to €106.3 million and €75.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

Main equity investments were as follows as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (In millions of €,  except %)  Place of business/  incorporation  Percentage  owned  Carrying  value  Percentage  owned  Carrying  value  ENI Coral FLNG  Mozambique, France  50.0%  48.2  50.0%  45.5  BAPCO Sitra Refinery  Bahrain  36.0%  -  36.0%  -  Novarctic  France, Russian Federation  33.3%  9.0  33.3%  -  NFE  Qatar, France, Japan  50.0%  19.2  50.0%  2.0  Others  N/A  29.9  N/A  27.9  TOTAL  106.3  75.4   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

ENI Coral FLNG is an affiliated company in the form of a joint venture between Technip Energies, JGC Corporation, Samsung  Heavy  Industries  and  TechnipFMC,  all  partners  in the  TJS  Consortium.  ENI  Coral  FLNG  was  formed  in  2017 when awarded a contract for the Engineering, Procurement, Construction, Installation, Commissioning and Startup of the Coral  South  FLNG  facility.  The  50.0%  investment  has  been accounted for using the equity method.

BAPCO Sitra Refinery is an affiliated company in the form of a  joint  venture  between  Technip  Energies  and  Samsung Engineering and Técnicas Reunidas. BAPCO Sitra Refinery was formed  in  2018  when  awarded  a  contract  from  Bahrain Petroleum  Company  for  the  BAPCO  Modernization  Program (BMP) for the expansion of the capacity of the existing Sitra oil refinery in Bahrain's Eastern coast. The 36.0% investment has been accounted for using the equity method.

Novarctic  is  an  affiliated  company  in  the  form  of  a  joint venture between Technip Energies, Saipem and Nipigas. The entity  was  formed  in  2019  when  awarded  a  contract  from Novatek  for  three  liquefied  natural  gas  (LNG)  trains  to manage the construction located in the Gydan peninsula in West Siberia, Russia. The 33.3% investment has been accounted for using the equity method.

Summarized statement of financial position:

| Total for all JVs and associates  Bapco, Coral and Novarctic only  (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  DATA AT 100%  Non-current assets  38.4  50.5  4.2  17.6  Other current assets  684.4  556.3  362.5  482.4  Cash and cash equivalents  1,204.2  1,275.8  928.9  1,084.0  Total current assets  1,888.6  1,832.1  1,291.4  1,566.4  Total non-current liabilities  34.8  20.3  9.2  3.2  Total current liabilities  1,640.2  1,676.8  1,176.7  1,500.9  Net assets at 100%  252.0  185.5  109.7  79.9  Net assets attributable to Technip Energies  Group  86.4  59.8  52.2  41.5  Negative investments reclassification  19.9  15.6  5.0  4.0  Investments in equity affiliates  106.3  75.4  57.2  45.5   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

With our partner Chiyoda Corporation, Technip Energies was awarded  a  contract  from  Qatar  Petroleum  for  the  onshore facilities  of  the  North  Field  East  Project  for  four  liquefied natural gas (LNG) trains and associated utility facilities (NFE Project).  To  carry  out  our  performance  obligation  under  the contract,  various  legal  companies  and  arrangements  have been established, some of which qualify as joint operations according to IFRS 11 and are accounted at our proportionate share of such operations and others are joint ventures which are accounted for using the equity method.

The  Technip  Energies  Group's  total  net  profit  from  equity affiliates  and  joint  ventures  was  €78.1  million  and  €33.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively.

The Technip Energies Group's dividends received from equity affiliates and joint ventures was €52.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and was nil as of December 31, 2021.

The  summarized  financial  information  (at  100%)  of  these investments  in  joint  ventures  and  associates  is  presented below  for  all  entities  as  well  as  separately  for  the  three major equity investments:

Summarized statement of total comprehensive income:

| Total for all JVs and associates  Bapco, Coral and Novarctic only  (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  DATA AT 100%  Revenue  2,534.6  1,733.3  1,429.6  1,462.6  Depreciation and amortization  (3.8)  (3.3)  (2.4)  (2.3)  Financial income  68.5  25.1  58.4  19.2  Financial expense  (54.8)  (30.7)  (49.7)  (28.0)  Income tax (expense)/profit  (35.1)  4.1  (32.1)  2.1  Net profit (loss)  163.4  63.1  123.5  64.1  Other comprehensive income  5.8  2.9  (0.9)  (0.4)  TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  169.2  66.0  122.6  63.7   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 10. Financial income (expense)

Total financial income was as follows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Interest income  41.1  13.8  Dividends from non-consolidated investments  0.4  -  Other financial income  6.5  2.8  TOTAL FINANCIAL INCOME  48.0  16.6   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest income reached €41.1 million and €13.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. The variation was mainly caused by the increase of the average deposit amount and the rise of the interest rate during 2022.

Other financial income included fair value through profit and loss  of  quoted  equity  instruments  for  €5.9  million  and  €2.1 million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Total  financial  expense  was  as  follows  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Interest expense  (22.5)  (19.4)  Financial expense related to long-term employee benefit plan  (1.4)  (1.1)  Redeemable financial liability fair value measurement  (154.1)  (182.9)  Other financial expense  (10.2)  (15.0)  TOTAL FINANCIAL EXPENSE  (188.2)  (218.4)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total  financial  expense  was  mainly  composed  of  €154.1 million and €182.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, related to the Yamal redeemable  financial liability fair value measurement (Note 26.).

Interest expense included lease interest for €4.6 million and €5.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively.

Other financial expense included fair value through profit and loss of quoted equity instruments for €6.0 million and €8.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively.

<!-- image -->

## Note 11. Expenses by nature

## Operating expenses by nature

Total operating expenses by nature were as follows:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Wages, salaries and other pension costs  (1,334.1)  (1,195.3)  Depreciation and amortization  (127.3)  (116.9)  Purchases, external charges and other expenses  (4,317.0)  (4,565.5)  TOTAL COSTS AND EXPENSES  (5,778.4)  (5,877.7)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 12. Payroll staff

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Technip Energies Group employed 14,515 and 15,586 full-time employees respectively.

## Note 13. Income tax

## 13.1.  Income tax expense

Technip  Energies  N.V.  is  incorporated  in  the  Netherlands. However,  for  income  tax  purposes  Technip  Energies  N.V.  is resident in France where its effective place of management is  located  and  where  some  of  its  main  entities  operate.

Therefore, Technip Energies N.V. earnings are subject to tax at  the  French  statutory  tax  rate  of  25.83%  (vs.  28.41%  in 2021).

The following table provides details of income taxes, including deferred taxes for 2022 and 2021:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Current income tax credit (expense)  (91.6)  (157.3)  Deferred income tax credit (expense)  (36.0)  30.6  Income tax credit (expense) as recognized in the consolidated statement of income  (127.6)  (126.7)  Income tax credit (expense) as recognized in consolidated statement of other  comprehensive income at opening  5.6  5.4  Deferred income tax related to items booked to equity during the year  (11.3)  0.2  INCOME TAX CREDIT (EXPENSE) AS RECOGNIZED IN CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  (5.7)  5.6   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Current income tax includes mainly corporate income tax due in the jurisdictions where the Group operates, but also local state taxes and other contributions assimilated to income tax such as the Italian IRAP or the French CVAE. It also includes taxes withheld on foreign source income when they are not creditable against income tax.

## 13.2. Income tax reconciliation

The reconciliation between taxes calculated using the statutory tax rate applicable to Technip Energies N.V. and the amount of tax effectively recognized in the statement of income is as follows:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Net profit (loss)  314.2  260.6  Income tax (expense)/profit  (127.6)  (126.7)  Profit (loss) before income tax  441.8  387.3  At Technip Energies' statutory income tax rate  (1)  (114.1)  (110.0)  Difference between Technip Energies N.V. and affiliates tax rates  9.2  6.5  Non creditable foreign taxes  (2.5)  (13.4)  Lump sum taxes classified as income taxes  (7.2)  (9.1)  Non-deductible expenses for tax purposes  (2)  (1.6)  (2.4)  Net change in tax contingencies  (4.0)  (0.5)  Adjustments on prior year taxes  2.3  4.3  Net change in deferred tax assets recognized  (13.1)  2.9  Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees  11.2  (0.5)  IFRS adjustments with no tax impact  (8.4)  (4.4)  Deferred tax impact related to change in tax rate  (0.1)  0.2  Other  0.7  (0.3)  Effective income tax credit (expense)  (127.6)  (126.7)  Effective tax rate  28.9%  32.7%  INCOME TAX CREDIT (EXPENSE) AS RECOGNIZED IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT  OF INCOME  (127.6)  (126.7)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The tax rate used for the purpose of the income tax expense reconciliation was 25.83% in 2022 and 28.41% in 2021. The rate corresponds to the statutory rate in France where the parent company is tax resident, as well as many other Group's entities.

(2) Formerly Other non-deductible expenses.

<!-- image -->

## 13.3. Deferred income tax

Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are shown in the following table:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2021  Recognized in  Statement of  Income  Recognized in  Statement  of OCI  Net foreign  exchange  difference  Other  December 31,  2022  Tax loss carry-forwards and tax  credits  35.9  (9.7)  -  (0.1)  -  26.1  Foreign exchange derivatives  5.4  3.2  (10.7)  0.1  7.1  5.1  Employee compensation and  benefits  30.6  1.5  (1.2)  0.5  (1.2)  30.2  Contingencies  40.9  (15.0)  -  0.4  (4.3)  22.0  Construction contract  accounting  57.4  (13.3)  -  1.0  11.9  57.0  Property, plant and equipment,  goodwill and other assets  -  3.6  -  0.2  6.0  9.8  Other  -  1.2  -  0.8  0.9  2.9  Offsetting  -  -  -  -  (12.5)  (12.5)  Total deferred income tax  assets  170.2  (28.5)  (11.9)  2.9  7.9  140.6  Foreign exchange derivatives  -  (5.0)  1.0  (0.5)  (9.3)  (13.8)  Employee compensation and  benefits  -  (1.7)  (0.4)  (0.1)  1.0  (1.2)  Contingencies  -  (4.1)  -  (0.4)  4.4  (0.1)  Construction contract  accounting  -  5.1  -  1.1  (9.0)  (2.8)  Property, plant and equipment,  goodwill and other assets  (6.9)  -  -  (1.3)  (7.0)  (15.2)  Other  1.7  (1.8)  -  (0.2)  (1.8)  (2.1)  Offsetting  -  -  -  -  12.5  12.5  Total deferred income tax  liabilities  (5.2)  (7.5)  0.6  (1.4)  (9.2)  (22.7)  DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS  (LIABILITIES), NET  165.0  (36.0)  (11.3)  1.5  (1.3)  117.9   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2020  Recognized in  statement of  Income  Recognized in  statement  of OCI  Net foreign  exchange  difference  Other  December 31,  2021  Tax loss carry-forwards and tax  credits  7.2  28.1  -  0.6  -  35.9  Cost accruals/reserves  17.7  -  -  -  (17.7)  -  Foreign exchange derivatives  19.3  2.1  2.7  (0.3)  (18.4)  5.4  Employee compensation and  benefits  24.8  3.1  (0.5)  0.4  2.8  30.6  Contingencies  29.3  10.0  -  1.0  0.6  40.9  Construction contract  accounting  41.0  (10.9)  -  2.3  25.0  57.4  Total deferred income tax  assets  139.3  32.4  2.2  4.0  (7.7)  170.2  Property, plant and equipment,  goodwill and other assets  (2.1)  0.3  -  (0.8)  (4.3)  (6.9)  Other  (10.4)  (2.1)  0.4  0.1  13.7  1.7  Total deferred income tax  liabilities  (12.5)  (1.8)  0.4  (0.7)  9.4  (5.2)  DEFERRED INCOME TAX  ASSETS (LIABILITIES), NET  126.8  30.6  2.6  3.3  1.7  165.0   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13.4. Tax loss carry-forwards and tax credits

Deferred tax assets are recognized for tax loss carryforwards and tax credits to the extent that the realization of the related tax benefit through offset against future taxable profit is probable.

Management believes it is more likely than not that we will not be able to utilize certain of these operating loss carryforwards.

As  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021  deferred  tax  assets excluded  certain  tax  benefits  related  to  net  operating  loss carry-forwards, notably in Saudi Arabia and Germany.

These unrecognized deferred tax assets amounted to €83.3 million and €67.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## Note 14. Goodwill and intangible assets, net

The goodwill and intangible assets' costs and accumulated amortization are presented in the following table:

| (In millions of €)  Goodwill  Licenses,  patents and  trademarks  Software  Other  Total  Net book value as of December 31, 2020  2,047.8  42.1  18.7  45.0  2,153.6  Costs  2,074.4  100.2  96.7  105.8  2,377.1  Accumulated amortization  -  (66.0)  (79.4)  (59.5)  (204.9)  Net book value as of December 31, 2021  2,074.4  34.2  17.3  46.3  2,172.2  Costs  2,096.4  115.8  115.9  125.4  2,453.5  Accumulated amortization  -  (71.9)  (93.5)  (83.5)  (248.9)  NET BOOK VALUE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022  2,096.4  43.9  22.4  41.9  2,204.6   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Goodwill includes €1,453.6 million that was allocated to the TechnipFMC  Onshore/Offshore  operating  segment  on  the merger date. It was the direct result of the merger between FMC  Technologies  and  Technip  in  January  2017.  Because goodwill attributed to the carve-out entity using the parent's basis is acquisition-specific, it may include synergistic goodwill  that  the  parent  entity  previously  assigned  to  its other CGU or GCGU that were expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. Accordingly, because the  Onshore/Offshore  operating  segment  has  been  carvedout and included in the combined financial statements of the Technip  Energies  Group,  management  determined  that  was most appropriate to include the associated Onshore/Offshore operating  segment's  goodwill  with  the  Technip  Energies Group.

## 14.1.  Goodwill and intangible assets, net

The changes in goodwill and intangible assets are presented in the following table:

| (In millions of €)  Goodwill  Licenses,  patents and  trademarks  Software  Other  Total  Net book value as of December 31, 2020  2,047.8  42.1  18.7  45.0  2,153.6  Additions - acquisitions - internal  developments  -  -  0.3  17.9  18.2  Depreciation expense for the year  -  (2.3)  (9.1)  (11.2)  (22.6)  Net foreign exchange differences  26.6  2.1  0.2  1.8  30.7  Other  -  (7.7)  7.2  (7.2)  (7.7)  Net book value as of December 31, 2021  2,074.4  34.2  17.3  46.3  2,172.2  Additions - acquisitions - internal  developments  -  11.4  (2.2)  34.8  44.0  Depreciation expense for the year  -  (3.3)  (12.2)  (20.8)  (36.3)  Net foreign exchange differences  22.0  1.6  0.2  1.5  25.3  Other  -  -  19.3  (19.9)  (0.6)  NET BOOK VALUE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022  2,096.4  43.9  22.4  41.9  2,204.6   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 14.2. Goodwill

## Goodwill reallocation per operating segment

Following  the  Spin-off  from  TechnipFMC,  in  February  2021, the  Group  performed  a  reallocation  of  its  goodwill  to  the Group's cash-generating unit (' CGU ').

For  impairment  testing  purposes,  goodwill  is  tested  at  the level  it  is  monitored  for  internal  management  purposes, which corresponds to the Technip Energies operating segments, Project Delivery or Technologies, Products &amp;

Services (for further information on Technip Energies' operating segments, refer to Note 3. Segment information).

The  changes  in  segment  reporting  and  the  reallocation  of goodwill  did  not  give  rise  to  any  goodwill  impairment.  The goodwill allocated based on those CGUs' enterprise value is split as shown below:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Project Delivery  1,546.6  1,542.8  Technology, Products &amp; Services  549.8  531.6  TOTAL  2,096.4  2,074.4   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Goodwill impairment testing

As of December 31, 2022, the Group performed its goodwill impairment test following the methodology discussed in Note 1. Accounting principles.

The  carrying  amounts  of  the  CGUs  were  compared  to  their value in use. Cash flow projections used in the determination of  value  in  use  were  made  using  management  prospective financial  information  on  the  next  4  years.  The  valuation  of CGUs  for  the  purpose  of  goodwill  impairment  test  was determined  primarily  by  using  the  income  approach  by estimating the value in use.

The income approach estimates the value in use by discounting each CGU's estimated future cash flows using a weighted average cost of capital that reflects current market conditions and the risk profile of the CGU. To estimate future cash  flows,  Technip  Energies  used  economic  and  market assumptions that reflect global economic growth, technology efficiency,  policy  measures,  cost  increases,  consideration  of investments (capital expenditures) and cost of development.

The  following  table  presents  the  key  assumptions  used  by management in determining the  recoverable  amount  of  the Group CGUs as of December 31, 2022, and 2021:

| December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Year of cash flows before terminal value  4  4  Risk-adjusted post-tax discount rate  11.9%  11.0%  Long term growth rate  1.9%  1.9%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  discussed  above,  when  evaluating  the  2022  and  2021 quantitative impairment test results, management considered many factors in determining whether an impairment  of  goodwill  for  CGUs  was  reasonably  likely  to occur  in  future  periods,  including  future  market  conditions and  the  economic  environment.  Circumstances  such  as market declines, unfavorable economic conditions, loss of a major  customer  or  other  factors  could  increase  the  risk  of impairment of goodwill for these CGUs in future periods.

During  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021  the Technip Energies Group did not record any goodwill impairment expense. Sensitivities applied to weighted average cost of capital (+0.5%) and to long-term growth rates (-0.5%) further support this conclusion.

The  excess  of  fair  value  over  carrying  amount  for  Technip Energies  was  approximately  212%  of  the  respective  carrying amounts for 2022, and 140% for 2021. The Group excess of fair values over carrying amount, after allocation of corporate assets, was respectively 100% for 2022 and 2021.

## Note 15. Property, plant and equipment

Location of property, plant and equipment, net by country is the following:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  France  54.5  59.5  Italy  14.1  15.5  India  13.9  15.4  United States  11.1  13.3  All other countries  9.2  10.9  TOTAL PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET  102.8  114.6   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following tables show the property, plant and equipment roll forward per category:

| (In millions of €)  Land and  buildings  IT equipment  Machinery  and  equipment  Office  fixtures  Other  Total  Net book value as of December  31, 2020  46.3  12.9  16.4  7.0  12.9  95.5  Costs  100.1  83.8  36.6  57.8  60.2  338.5  Accumulated depreciation  (68.4)  (68.4)  (21.1)  (44.0)  (14.5)  (216.4)  Accumulated impairment  (0.3)  (3.8)  (3.4)  -  -  (7.5)  Net book value as of December  31, 2021  31.4  11.6  12.1  13.8  45.7  114.6  Costs  106.6  67.8  38.0  56.7  56.6  325.7  Accumulated depreciation  (80.0)  (56.1)  (23.2)  (44.2)  (11.9)  (215.4)  Accumulated impairment  (0.5)  (3.6)  (3.4)  -  -  (7.5)  NET BOOK VALUE AS OF  DECEMBER 31, 2022  26.1  8.1  11.4  12.5  44.7  102.8   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| (In millions of €)  Land and  buildings  IT equipment  Machinery  and  equipment  Office  fixtures  Other  Total  Net book value as of December  31, 2020  46.3  12.9  16.4  7.0  12.9  95.5  Additions  1.9  7.7  1.2  5.5  15.5  31.8  Disposals through divestitures  (0.1)  (0.1)  -  -  -  (0.2)  Disposals - write-off  (0.3)  -  (0.1)  -  (0.2)  (0.6)  Depreciation expense for the  year  (5.8)  (6.2)  (2.0)  (2.8)  (2.5)  (19.3)  Net foreign exchange differences  1.1  -  0.5  0.3  0.1  2.0  Other  (11.7)  (2.7)  (3.9)  3.8  19.9  5.4  Net book value as of December  31, 2021  31.4  11.6  12.1  13.8  45.7  114.6  Additions  0.9  3.0  1.1  0.8  5.9  11.7  Disposals through divestitures  -  (0.4)  -  -  (0.3)  (0.7)  Disposals - write-off  -  (0.7)  (0.2)  (0.1)  -  (1.0)  Depreciation expense for the  year  (8.1)  (5.8)  (2.1)  (2.6)  (3.2)  (21.8)  Impairment  (0.2)  -  -  -  -  (0.2)  Net foreign exchange differences  -  -  0.2  0.1  -  0.3  Other (1)  2.1  0.4  0.3  0.5  (3.4)  (0.1)  NET BOOK VALUE AS OF  DECEMBER 31, 2022  26.1  8.1  11.4  12.5  44.7  102.8   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) As of December 31, 2022, 'Other' is mainly composed of building arrangements on the Group's headquarters.

<!-- image -->

## Note 16. Leases

The  following  table  is  a  summary  of  amounts  recognized  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  income  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  (69.5)  (75.0)  Interest expense on lease liabilities  (4.6)  (5.8)  Short-term lease costs  (3.9)  (1.8)  Sublease income  2.1  2.0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The table below shows the ending balance and depreciation of right-of-use assets by types of assets:

| (In millions of €)  Real estate  Office furniture  and IT equipment  Machinery and  equipment  Total  Net book value as of December 31, 2020  178.3  2.7  3.5  184.5  Costs  368.2  16.4  2.2  386.8  Accumulated depreciation  (112.9)  (10.6)  (1.0)  (124.5)  Accumulated impairment  (10.4)  -  -  (10.4)  Net book value as of December 31, 2021  244.9  5.8  1.2  251.9  Costs  373.2  33.8  1.9  408.9  Accumulated depreciation  (153.0)  (10.4)  (1.0)  (164.4)  Accumulated impairment  (22.8)  -  -  (22.8)  NET BOOK VALUE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022  197.4  23.4  0.9  221.7   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table shows the right-of-use roll forward per category:

| (In millions of €)  Real estate  Office furniture  and IT equipment  Machinery and  equipment  Total  Net book value as of December 31, 2020  178.3  2.7  3.5  184.5  Additions  153.6  9.2  (1.9)  160.9  Disposals through divestitures  0.1  -  -  0.1  Disposals - write-off  (24.0)  -  -  (24.0)  Depreciation expense for the year  (68.5)  (6.2)  (0.4)  (75.1)  Impairment  (0.1)  -  -  (0.1)  Net foreign exchange differences  5.0  0.1  -  5.1  Other  0.5  -  -  0.5  Net book value as of December 31, 2021  244.9  5.8  1.2  251.9  Additions  23.5  29.2  0.2  52.9  Disposals - write-off  (1.6)  (0.3)  (0.1)  (2.0)  Depreciation expense for the year  (57.5)  (11.3)  (0.4)  (69.2)  Impairment  (12.7)  -  -  (12.7)  Net foreign exchange differences  0.8  -  -  0.8  NET BOOK VALUE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022  197.4  23.4  0.9  221.7   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 2021, net book value of right-of-use assets was  €251.9  million  which  compares  to  €221.7  million  as  of December 31, 2022.

The variation is mainly explained by the change of headquarters with the termination of the Adria tower lease and  the  new  Origine  headquarters  (right-of-use  asset  net variation of €129.9 million), and  partially offset by the depreciation of the period of on-going contracts.

As  of December  31,  2022  the  principal  type  of assets composing the net book value is the real estate for  €197.4 million which is mainly consisting of the group headquarters lease.  Increase  of  the  office  furniture  and  IT  equipment  is mainly related to new IT contracts with a net book value of €23.4 million as of December 31, 2022.

The table below shows the lease liability recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 :

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Non-current lease liabilities  195.1  236.9  Current lease liabilities  72.1  68.9  TOTAL LEASE LIABILITIES  267.2  305.8   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 17. Other assets (non-current and current)

Non-current assets are as follows:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Financial assets at amortized cost, gross  69.9  37.1  Impairment allowance  (1.5)  (1.4)  Non-current financial assets at amortized cost, net  68.4  35.7  Quoted equity instruments at FVTPL  24.4  26.5  Fair value adjustment  0.7  (1.2)  Non-current financial assets at FVTPL  25.1  25.3  Derivative assets  6.2  3.1  Other lease receivable  1.9  2.1  Other non-current assets, total  8.1  5.2  TOTAL OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS  101.6  66.2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Current assets are as follows:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Value added and other tax receivables  158.7  171.7  Other receivables  88.5  61.0  Prepaid expenses  44.1  39.1  Derivative assets  19.9  7.9  Other  26.4  22.5  TOTAL OTHER CURRENT ASSETS  337.6  302.2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Note 18. Trade receivables, net and contract assets

These  line  items  represent  trade  accounts  receivable  from  completed  contracts,  contract  assets  and  other  miscellaneous invoices (e.g., trading, procurement services).

Given the nature of the Technip Energies Group's operations, its clients are mainly companies operating in the energy sector.

Valuation allowances for trade receivables and contract assets have changed as shown in the following table:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (In millions of €)  Trade receivables  Contract assets  Trade receivables  Contract assets  Gross amount  1,428.8  343.6  1,189.2  332.1  Opening loss allowance  (150.8)  (0.3)  (56.0)  -  Change in expected credit loss  (0.7)  (0.1)  1.6  (0.3)  Increase in loss allowance  (12.0)  -  (25.9)  -  Used allowance reversals  18.7  -  1.1  -  Unused allowance reversals  15.0  -  4.0  -  Effects of foreign exchange and other  (1.1)  -  (4.8)  -  Other  (10.5)  -  (70.8)  -  Closing loss allowance  (141.4)  (0.4)  (150.8)  (0.3)  TOTAL, NET  1,287.4  343.2  1,038.4  331.8   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Credit risk details and risk management objectives are discussed in Note 28. Market-related exposure.

## Note 19. Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents were as follows:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Cash at bank and in hand  816.6  1,510.3  Cash equivalents  2,660.8  2,128.3  TOTAL CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  3,477.4  3,638.6  Euro (EUR)  1,517.0  1,441.0  U.S. dollar (USD)  1,461.4  1,654.2  Chinese yuan renminbi (CNY)  280.3  213.1  Japanese yen (JPY)  49.2  31.0  Malaysian ringgit (MYR)  27.4  46.7  Russian ruble (RUB)  17.4  28.8  Trinidad and Tobago dollar (TTD)  13.3  12.4  Pound sterling (GBP)  12.3  27.0  Colombian peso (COP)  11.1  9.2  Azerbaijani manat (AZN)  10.8  37.1  Norwegian krone (NOK)  10.0  15.5  Other (less than €10 million individually)  67.2  122.6  ## TOTAL CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS BY CURRENCY  3,477.4  3,638.6   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A substantial portion of cash and securities are recorded or invested  in  either  Euro  or  U.S.  dollar  which  are  frequently used by the Group within the framework of its commercial relationships. Cash and securities in other currencies correspond either to deposits retained by subsidiaries located in countries where such currencies are the national currencies  in  order  to  ensure  their  own  liquidity,  or  to amounts  received  from  customers  prior  to  the  payment  of expenses  in  these  same  currencies  or  the  payment  of dividends. Short-term deposits are classified as cash equivalents along with other securities.

## Note 20. Other liabilities (non-current and current)

The following table provides a breakdown of other non-current liabilities:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Redeemable financial liability  -  32.4  Non-current financial liability at FVTPL, total  -  32.4  Subsidies  7.0  1.8  Derivative liabilities  5.3  1.0  Others  38.0  29.0  Other non-current liabilities, total  50.3  31.8  TOTAL OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  50.3  64.2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table provides a breakdown of other current liabilities:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Redeemable financial liability  101.7  108.4  Current financial liability at FVTPL, total  101.7  108.4  Accruals on completed contracts  83.4  112.0  Other taxes payable  110.1  101.0  Social security liabilities  43.1  41.7  Derivative liabilities  20.3  33.2  Others (1)  108.0  114.7  Other current liabilities, total  364.9  402.6  TOTAL OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES  466.6  511.0   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, 'Others' notably included government grants for €27.4 million, a €23.7 million liability incurred by Technip Energies N.V. in relation to the Spin-off, €24.6 million of customer advance payment and other current liabilities as well as the short-term portion of provisions for pensions and other employee benefits for €8.8 million. As of December 31, 2021, 'Others' notably included liability on lawsuit litigation for €48.6 million, a €24.8 million liability incurred by Technip Energies N.V. in relation to the Spin-off, €24.2 million of customer advance payment and other current liabilities as well as the short-term portion of provisions for pensions and other employee benefits for €9.9 million.

## Note 21. Accounts payable, trade

Accounts payable, trade amounted to €1,662.7 million, and €1,497.1 million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively. Accounts payable, trade maturities are linked to the operating cycle of contracts and mature within 12 months.

## Note 22. Debt (long and short-term)

Long and short-term debt consisted of the following:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (In millions of €)  Carrying amount  Fair value  Carrying amount  Fair value  Bonds  599.3  486.7  598.5  602.1  Commercial papers  79.9  80.0  80.0  80.0  Bank borrowings and other  39.8  39.8  4.8  4.8  Financial debts  719.0  606.5  683.3  686.9  Lease liability  267.2  267.2  305.8  305.8  FINANCIAL DEBTS &amp; LEASE LIABILITY  986.2  873.7  989.1  992.7   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The split by maturity as of December 31, 2022 was as follows:

| (In millions of €)  Maturity  &lt; 1 year  Within 2 years  Within 3 years  Thereafter  Bonds  599.3  4.0  -  -  595.3  Commercial papers  79.9  79.9  -  -  -  Bank borrowings and other  39.8  39.8  -  -  -  Financial debts  719.0  123.7  -  -  595.3  Lease liability  267.2  72.1  61.2  27.4  106.5  FINANCIAL DEBTS &amp; LEASE LIABILITY  986.2  195.8  61.2  27.4  701.8   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movements over the period December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, were as follows:

| (In millions of €)  Bonds  Commercial  papers  Bank  borrowings and  other  Lease liability  Total  Value as of December 31, 2021  598.5  80.0  4.8  305.8  989.1  Increase - issuance  7.6  190.0  78.4  44.3  320.3  Decrease - reimbursement  (6.8)  (190.1)  (41.5)  (84.8)  (323.2)  Foreign exchange  -  -  (1.9)  1.9  -  VALUE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022  599.3  79.9  39.8  267.2  986.2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Commercial paper

Under the commercial paper program, the Technip Energies Group  through  its  treasury  center  company  T.EN  Eurocash SNC  has  the  ability  to  access  €750  million  of  short-term financing  through  commercial  paper  dealers.  The  program's rating  by  S&amp;P  Global  was  revised  to  'A-3'  from  'A-2'  on March  11,  2022. As  of  December  31,  2022,  the  Technip Energies  Group's  Euro  based  commercial  paper  borrowings had a weighted average interest rate of 2.01%.

## Revolving Facility and Senior unsecured notes

On  February 10, 2021, Technip Energies N.V. and T.EN Eurocash  SNC  entered  into  a    Facilities  Agreement  with Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as Agent, and the lenders party thereto (the ' Facilities Agreement ') .

The Facilities Agreement provides for the establishment of a bridge  facility  in  an  amount  of  up  to  €650  million  (the ' Bridge  Facility '),  to  which  Technip  Energies  N.V.  was  the sole borrower and a revolving facility in an amount of €750 million  (the  ' Revolving  Facility ')  to  which  Technip  Energies N.V.  and  T.EN  Eurocash  SNC  are  the  Borrowers.  Subject  to certain  conditions,  borrowers  may  request  the  aggregate commitments under the Revolving Facility to be increased by up to €250 million to reach €1.0 billion.

The Bridge Facility was prepaid and cancelled in full on May 31,  2021,  upon  issuance  of  €600  million  of  1.125%  senior unsecured notes by Technip Energies N.V. on May 28, 2021. The notes have a 7-year maturity, are currently rated 'BBB-' by Standard &amp; Poor's and are listed on Euronext Paris.

The Revolving Facility provided for an initial three-year tenor as  from  the  Initial  Availability  Date  (February  15,  2021)  and could be extended twice by one year each time. The first and the second extensions of the Revolving Facility were successfully completed on December 6, 2021, and December 16, 2022, respectively. Consequently, the termination date of the Revolving Facility is February 13, 2026.

The Revolving Facility is available in Euros only. The available capacity  under  the  Revolving  Facility  is  reduced  by  any outstanding commercial paper borrowings of T.EN Eurocash SNC.

The Revolving Facility contains usual and customary covenants, representations and warranties, mandatory prepayments  and  events  of  default  for  investment-grade credit  facilities  of  this  type.  It  also  contains  covenants restricting Technip Energies N.V.'s and certain of its subsidiaries' ability to provide additional securities and incur additional  indebtedness,  enter  into  asset  sales,  or  make certain investments. It does not include any financial covenant.

## Note 23. Shareholder's equity

## 23.1. Shareholder's equity activity

As  of  December  31,  2022,  Technip  Energies  N.V.  had  179,827,459  common  shares  issued  with  a  nominal  value  of  €0.01  per share.  After cancellation of 5,487,378 treasury shares, the number of shares outstanding is 174,340,081.

Changes in shares outstanding are as follows:

| (In number of shares)  Shares issued as of December 31, 2020  1  Issuance of shares - Contribution  4,499,999  Issuance of shares - Reserve allocation  175,313,880  Issuance of shares - Share-based payment  13,579  Shares issued as of December 31, 2021  179,827,459  Movements of the period  -  Shares issued as of December 31, 2022  179,827,459  Treasury shares  (5,487,378)  SHARES OUTSTANDING AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022  174,340,081   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Refer to Note 7 for more information about number of shares considered for the calculation of earnings per share.

## 23.2. Dividends

| (In millions of €)  2022  Final dividend for the year ended 31 December, 2021 of €0.45 per outstanding common share  79.0  Interim dividend for the year ended 31 December, 2022  N/A  TOTAL DIVIDENDS PROVIDED FOR OR PAID  79.0   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Dividends paid in cash or satisfied by the issue of shares during the year ended December 31, 2022

| Paid in cash  79.0  Satisfied by issue of shares  N/A  TOTAL DIVIDENDS PAID IN CASH OR SATISFIED BY ISSUE OF SHARES FOR THE YEAR  ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022  79.0   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Dividends not recognized at the end of the reporting period

| In  addition  to  the  above  dividends,  a  dividend  of  €0.52  per  share  amounting  to  €91.2  million  will  be  proposed  to  the  Group's  Annual  Shareholder  Meeting  of  May  10,  2023,  in  respect  of  the  financial  year  ended December 31, 2022. The aggregate amount of the proposed dividend expected to be paid but not  recognized as a liability as of December 31, 2022, is:  91.2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

ANNUAL ACCOUNTS

## 23.3. Share repurchase

From  July  9,  2021,  Technip  Energies  has  implemented  a liquidity  agreement  to  enhance  the  liquidity  of  Technip Energies'  shares  admitted  to  trading  on  Euronext  Paris  by maintaining  a  reasonable  average  daily  turnover,  reducing bid-ask spread, and monitoring volatility. The cash resources initially allocated to the liquidity  agreement  were  €9.0 million.  The  liquidity  agreement  has  been  suspended  as  of November 22, 2022, pending renewal of the resolution of the general meeting of shareholders authorizing share repurchases. The amount allocated to the Liquidity contract as of December 31, 2022 was €9.8 million and 8,900 shares. These  shares  are  deducted  from  consolidated  equity  for  a total value of €0.8 million.

On January 14, 2022 the Group acquired 1,800,000 shares of the  Company  from  TechnipFMC  at  €13.15  per  share.  As  of December 31, 2022, these treasury shares are deducted from consolidated equity for a total value of €23.7 million.

Treasury  shares  have  been  used  by  the  Group  to  serve respectively  March  2019,  September  2019  and  April  2021 (1 st tranche) plans following the end of vesting period. For a detailed description, refer to Note 8. Share-based compensation.

On March 22, 2022, Technip Energies Group launched a share buy-back program of up to €29.8 million to be executed until December 31, 2022. This program provided for the repurchase of up to 1.5% of the Company's issued share capital, with the maximum  number  of  shares  that  could  be  acquired  being 2.7  million  shares.  The  share  buy-back  program  has  been executed in accordance with the authorization of the Board of Directors and the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation  (EU)  596/2014,  Commission  Delegated  Regulation (EU)  2016/1052  and  Rule  10b5-1(c)  of  the  U.S.  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended). The Company appointed one  broker  to  execute  the  share  buy-back  program  in accordance with  all  applicable  regulations  on  the  regulated market of Euronext Paris. The share buy-back program was completed  in  August  2022.    Technip  Energies  holds  the shares  bought  back  as  treasury  stock,  for  the  purpose  of meeting  the  Company's  obligations  under  equity  incentive plans. As of December 31, 2022, 2,618,945 shares have been purchased. These treasury shares are deducted from consolidated equity for a total value of €29.8 million.

## 23.4. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is as follows:

| (In millions of €)  Cash flow  hedges  Gains (losses)  on defined  benefit  pension plans  Foreign  currency  translation  Other  Accumulated  other  comprehensive  income/(loss)  Accumulated  other  comprehensive  income/(loss)  - non-  controlling  interests  Total  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income/(loss)  Accumulated other  comprehensive income/  (loss) as of December  31, 2020  11.8  (24.0)  (171.9)  -  (184.1)  (2.1)  (186.1)  Gross effect before  reclassification to profit  or loss  (30.7)  4.9  55.6  -  29.8  3.5  33.3  Deferred tax  2.6  (1.3)  -  -  1.3  (0.8)  0.5  Reclassification to  profit or loss  12.4  -  -  -  12.4  -  12.4  Equity transaction with  TechnipFMC  (0.3)  -  41.1  -  40.8  0.1  40.9  Accumulated other  comprehensive income/  (loss) as of December  31, 2021  (4.2)  (20.4)  (75.2)  -  (99.8)  0.7  (99.1)  Gross effect before  reclassification to profit  or loss  31.2  25.5  10.9  -  67.6  (1.7)  65.9  Deferred tax  (6.7)  (4.9)  -  -  (11.6)  0.3  (11.3)  Reclassification to  profit or loss  (14.8)  -  -  -  (14.8)  -  (14.8)  ACCUMULATED OTHER  COMPREHENSIVE  INCOME/(LOSS) AS OF  DECEMBER 31, 2022  5.5  0.2  (64.3)  -  (58.6)  (0.7)  (59.3)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 24. Pensions and other long-term employee benefits plans

## 24.1. Description of the Technip Energies Group's benefit plans

Technip Energies has two types of retirement plans: defined benefit  plans  and  defined  contribution  plans.  Depending  on the  employing  entity,  our  pension  provision  encompasses various defined benefit plans, such as:

- ■ End of service benefits, to be paid at the termination of service;
- ■ Retirement benefits;
- ■ Jubilee benefits;
- ■ Post-retirement  medical  benefits  (health  care  and  life insurance).

The defined benefits obligations are estimated by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit actuarial valuation method as per IAS 19 'Employee Benefits'.  The  actuarial  assumptions used to determine the obligations may vary depending on the country, plan duration and type of plans. The actuarial estimation is based on usual parameters  such  as  wage,  seniority,  age  and  assumptions including discount rate, retirement age, salary increase rate, life expectancy, staff turnover and inflation rate.

Plan  assets  are  managed  by  separate  legal  entities  and measured at their fair value.

A  review  of  benefit  plans  is  performed  for  all  Technip Energies entities on a yearly basis. Depending on the collected information, materiality of the plans, or if significant changes occurred, a full valuation may be performed. The most material plans are fully evaluated every year  while  a  roll  forward  is  applied  for  immaterial  plans which are fully evaluated every 3 years.

According to IAS 19, Technip Energies Group recognized the funded status of defined benefit plans as an asset or liability in  the  consolidated  statements.  The  Group  recognized  in Other Comprehensive Income the changes related to actuarial  gains  and  losses  resulting  either  from  actuarial assumptions  changes  or  from  experience  adjustments.  The

Technip  Energies  Group  measured  its  plan's  assets  at  fair value as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. The Technip Energies Group has applied this guidance to its pension and other employee defined benefit plans which are primarily  located  in  the  Netherlands  (43%  of  Group  total obligations), France (31%), India (10%), the United Arab Emirates (7%), Italy (4%) and Germany (2%).

In  the  Netherlands,  these  obligations  are  generated  by  a legacy  defined  benefit  plan  which  has  been  closed  for  new participants since December 31, 2014. It was agreed that the entitlement is fixed and that the Company will contribute a fixed  annual  amount  to  the  plan  assets  to  finance  an increase of the defined benefit plan pension rights that were accrued  up  to  December  31,  2014,  for  a  period  of  14  years subsequent  to  the  curtailment  of  the  defined  benefit  plan. The Company does not pay any other funding contributions other  than  these  fixed  annual  contribution  amounts.  The pension provision as at December 31, 2022 represents the net present value of the remaining 7 annual contribution payments. The current assets are entirely invested in a Dutch pension insurance policy.

In France, these obligations are mostly generated by legal or collectively bargained end of career benefit plans and jubilee plans. The indemnities paid by the French entities when the employees leave for retirement are calculated based on their Group seniority and their salary at the time of departure.

The  Group  obligations  with  respect  to  post-employment healthcare benefits are not significant.

The  Group  is  expected  to  pay  €1.4  million  of  employer contribution in 2023 to the Dutch fund.

The Group is also expected to pay €7.1 million of pension and end of service benefits directly to Technip Energies employees in 2023.

The expected benefits payments (paid by the employer and by the plan assets) for the next 10 years are as follows:

| (In millions of €)  Total expected  benefit payments  France  The Netherlands  Others  2023  14.0  3.3  4.5  6.2  2024  12.3  1.7  4.7  5.9  2025  13.3  2.8  4.9  5.6  2026  13.6  3.5  4.9  5.2  2027  13.0  3.0  4.9  5.1  2028-2032  73.8  24.1  23.9  25.8  TOTAL  140.0  38.4  47.8  53.8   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 24.2. Net benefit expense recognized in the consolidated statement of income

The net benefit expense recognized in the statement of income is as follows:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Service cost  12.2  12.6  Interest on DBO  3.8  3.1  Interest on plan asset  (2.4)  (2.0)  Remeasurements of other long-term benefits  (1.5)  (0.4)  Special events (curtailment/settlement)  0.1  -  Other  -  1.3  ## DEFINED BENEFIT COST INCLUDED IN THE STATEMENT OF INCOME  12.2  14.6   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022, the Group recognized €25.5 million of actuarial gains in OCI amongst which, €63.8 generated on the defined benefit obligation offset by €(38.3) million actuarial losses on plan assets.

The  effect  of  changes  in  financial  assumptions  in  2022 amounts to €63.8 million for all group entities. The actuarial gain  in  financial  assumption  of  €  68.5  million  was  partly offset  with  a  loss  generated  by  demographic  assumptions €(2.7)  million  and  an  experience  actuarial  loss  of  €(2.0)

million  for  the  total  of  actuarial  gain  of  €63.8  millio n. This significant increase in actuarial gains on DBO mainly results from the rise in discount rates used for valuation (especially in the Eurozone where discount rates increased from 0.9% to 3.75%). The actuarial return on plan asset represents a loss of  €38.3  million  mainly  related  to  the  Netherlands  asset plans, which fair value is determined as the present value of accrued benefits, using the year-end 2022 discount rate.

## 24.3. Defined benefit asset (liability) recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position

The liability recorded in the statement of financial position is as follows:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (In millions of €)  Defined  benefit  obligation  Fair value  of plan  assets  Net  defined  benefit  obligation  Defined  benefit  obligation  Fair value  of plan  assets  Net  defined  benefit  obligation  Defined benefit obligation as of the prior period end  date  276.9  (139.3)  137.6  248.8  (125.5)  123.3  Acquisition/divestiture/business combination  (5.2)  -  (5.2)  -  -  -  Expense as recorded in the statement of income  14.5  (2.3)  12.2  16.6  (2.0)  14.6  Total current service cost  12.2  -  12.2  12.6  -  12.6  Net financial costs  3.8  (2.3)  1.5  3.1  (2.0)  1.1  Actuarial gains of the year  (1.5)  -  (1.5)  (0.4)  -  (0.4)  Administrative costs and taxes and others  -  -  -  1.3  -  1.3  Actuarial gain/loss recognized in other comprehensive  income  (63.8)  38.3  (25.5)  (7.4)  2.5  (4.9)  Actuarial gain/loss on defined benefit obligation  (63.8)  38.3  (25.5)  (7.4)  2.5  (4.9)  ■Experience  2.0  -  2.0  (3.4)  -  (3.4)  ■Financial assumptions  (68.5)  -  (68.5)  (6.6)  -  (6.6)  ■Demographic assumptions  2.7  -  2.7  2.6  -  2.6  Actuarial gain (loss) on plan assets  -  38.3  38.3  -  2.5  2.5  Contributions and benefits paid  (15.3)  4.3  (11.0)  (12.6)  3.2  (9.4)  Contributions by employer  -  (2.0)  (2.0)  -  (1.7)  (1.7)  Benefits paid by employer  (9.0)  -  (9.0)  (7.7)  -  (7.7)  Benefits paid from plan assets  (6.3)  6.3  -  (4.9)  4.9  -  Exchange difference and other settlements  0.8  0.8  1.6  31.4  (17.5)  13.9  DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATION AS OF THE PERIOD END  DATE  207.9  (98.2)  109.7  276.8  (139.3)  137.5   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  of  December  31,  2022,  the  discounted  defined  benefit  obligation  included  €107.8  million  for  funded  plans  (compared  to €149.7 million in 2021) and €100.2 million for unfunded plans (compared to €127.1 million in 2021).

The breakdown of the net defined-benefit liability by type of benefit plans is as follows:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Pension plans  74.3  100.7  End of service benefits  32.2  30.4  Other long term benefits  3.2  6.4  NET DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATION  109.7  137.5   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The table below presents the liabilities per country:

| December 31, 2022  (In millions of €)  Defined benefit  obligation  Assets  Liabilities  France  64.5  -  64.5  The Netherlands  89.3  (80.8)  8.5  Other  54.1  (17.5)  36.7  TOTAL  207.9  (98.3)  109.7   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24.4.  Actuarial assumptions

In  2022,  the  average  duration  of  the  Group's  liability  is  10.6 years.  The  average  duration  is  12.4  years  in  France  and  11.7 years in the Netherlands.

In  the  Eurozone,  the  rates  used  to  discount  obligations  are fixed by reference to the rates of bonds issued by companies within  the  main  iBoxx  Corporate  AA  index  considering  the duration of each plan.

In  the  Eurozone,  the  inflation  rate  used  to  calculate  the obligations  is  fixed  by  reference  to  the  long-term  inflation target of 2.1% set by the European Central Bank.

The below sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant:

| As of December 31, 2022  France  The Netherlands  Weighted-  average rate  Discount rate  3.75%  3.75%  4.25%  Inflation rate  2.10%  2.10%  2.12%  Salary increases  3.60%  2.70%  4.31%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## As of December 31, 2021  France  The Netherlands  Weighted-  average rate  Discount rate  0.90%  0.90%  1.24%  Inflation rate  1.90%  1.90%  1.90%  Salary increases  3.12%  2.50%  3.42%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Sensitivity analysis:

| As of December 31, 2022  France  The Netherlands  Weighted-  average rate  Impact of a 50-bps increase or decrease in the discount rate  6.22%  5.47%  4.99%  Impact of a 50-bps increase or decrease in the inflation rate  6.30%  -%  2.15%  Impact of a 50-bps increase or decrease in the salary increase  6.15%  0.05%  2.35%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Assets plans break down:

| December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Equity instruments (shares)  -%  -%  Debt instruments (bonds)  -%  -%  Others  -%  -%  Insured assets  100%  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Note 25. Provisions (non-current and current)

The  principles  used  to  evaluate  the  amounts  and  types  of  provisions  for  liabilities  and  charges  are  described  in  Note  1. Accounting principles.

Movements in provisions as of December 31, 2022 were as follows:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2021  Increase  Used reversal  Unused  reversal  Other  December 31,  2022  Litigation  24.0  2.5  -  -  -  26.5  Restructuring obligations  16.2  5.7  (2.5)  (16.5)  7.8  10.7  Provisions for claims  7.9  0.2  -  -  0.1  8.2  Other non-current provisions  12.6  6.2  (0.1)  -  (8.1)  10.6  Total non-current provisions  60.7  14.6  (2.6)  (16.5)  (0.2)  56.0  Contingencies related to  contracts  43.2  6.8  (1.3)  (18.9)  16.2  46.0  Litigation  28.5  15.6  (3.5)  (4.2)  3.5  39.9  Restructuring obligations  12.8  8.6  (3.8)  (5.4)  1.6  13.8  Provisions for claims  0.3  -  -  (0.1)  -  0.2  Other current provisions  5.7  25.4  (1.1)  (0.6)  (3.0)  26.4  Total current provisions  90.5  56.4  (9.7)  (29.2)  18.3  126.3  TOTAL PROVISIONS  151.2  71.0  (12.3)  (45.7)  18.1  182.3   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movements in provisions as of December 31, 2021 were as follows:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2020  Increase  Used reversal  Unused  reversal  Other  December 31,  2021  Litigation  5.2  0.6  -  -  18.2  24.0  Restructuring obligations  8.4  0.7  (3.4)  (0.9)  11.4  16.2  Provisions for claims  7.7  0.2  -  -  -  7.9  Other non-current provisions  4.8  0.5  (0.1)  (0.9)  8.3  12.6  Total non-current provisions  26.1  2.0  (3.5)  (1.8)  37.9  60.7  Contingencies related to  contracts  42.1  12.3  (0.5)  (9.8)  (0.9)  43.2  Litigation  59.7  26.2  (43.4)  (3.5)  (10.5)  28.5  Restructuring obligations  9.3  4.3  (9.7)  (0.1)  9.0  12.8  Provisions for claims  0.3  0.1  -  -  (0.1)  0.3  Other current provisions  9.2  9.8  (7.5)  (2.6)  (3.2)  5.7  Total current provisions  120.6  52.7  (61.1)  (16.0)  (5.7)  90.5  TOTAL PROVISIONS  146.7  54.7  (64.6)  (17.8)  32.2  151.2   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 26. Financial instruments

## 26.1. Financial assets and liabilities by category

The Technip Energies Group holds the following financial assets and liabilities:

| December 31, 2022  Analysis by category of financial instruments  (In millions of €)  Carrying  amount  At fair value  through profit  or loss  At amortized  cost  At fair value  through OCI  Level  Other non-current financial assets (excl.  derivatives)  93.5  25.1  68.4  -  Level 1  Derivative financial instruments (non-current  and current)  26.1  1.5  -  24.6  Level 2  Trade receivables, net  1,287.4  -  1,287.4  -  N/A  Cash and cash equivalents  3,477.4  3,477.4  -  -  N/A  TOTAL FINANCIAL ASSETS  4,884.4  3,504.0  1,355.8  24.6  Long-term debt, less current portion  595.3  -  595.3  -  N/A  Derivative financial instruments (non-current  and current)  25.6  0.8  -  24.8  Level 2  Short-term debt  123.7  -  123.7  -  N/A  Accounts payable, trade  1,662.7  -  1,662.7  -  N/A  Other current liabilities (excl. derivatives)  98.1  98.1  -  -  Level 3  TOTAL FINANCIAL LIABILITIES  2,505.4  98.9  2,381.7  24.8   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  Analysis by category of financial instruments  (In millions of €)  Carrying  amount  At fair value  through profit  or loss  At amortized  cost  At fair value  through OCI  Level  Other non-current financial assets (excl.  derivatives)  60.9  25.3  35.6  -  Level 1  Derivative financial instruments (non-current  and current)  11.0  1.1  -  9.9  Level 2  Trade receivables, net  1,038.4  -  1,038.4  -  N/A  Cash and cash equivalents  3,638.6  3,638.6  -  -  N/A  TOTAL FINANCIAL ASSETS  4,748.9  3,665.0  1,074.0  9.9  Long-term debt, less current portion  594.1  -  594.1  -  N/A  Other non-current financial liabilities (excl.  derivatives)  32.4  32.4  -  -  Level 3  Derivative financial instruments (non-current  and current)  34.2  3.1  -  31.1  Level 2  Short-term debt  89.2  -  89.2  -  N/A  Accounts payable, trade  1,497.1  -  1,497.1  -  N/A  Other current liabilities (excl. derivatives)  108.4  108.4  -  -  Level 3  TOTAL FINANCIAL LIABILITIES  2,355.4  143.9  2,180.4  31.1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

During  the  financial  years  2022  and  2021,  there  were  no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements, and no transfers into or out of Level 3 fair value measurements.

Investments - The fair value measurement of quoted equity instruments  is  based  on  quoted  prices  that  the  Technip Energies Group has the ability to access in public markets.

Mandatorily  redeemable  financial  liability -  Management determined  the  fair  value  of  the  mandatorily  redeemable financial liability using a discounted cash flow model. The key assumptions used in applying the income approach are the selected  discount  rates  and  the  expected  dividends  to  be distributed  in  the  future  to  the  non-controlling  interest holders.  Expected  dividends  to  be  distributed  are  based  on the non-controlling interests' share of the expected profitability of the underlying contract, the selected discount rate, and the overall timing of completion of the project. The fair value measurement is based upon significant inputs not observable in the market and is consequently classified as a Level 3 fair value measurement.

Changes in the fair value of Level 3 mandatorily redeemable financial liability  (Note  20.  Other  liabilities  (non-current  and current)) are presented in the below table. Over the periods presented, the Technip Energies Group consolidated the total results  of  the  Yamal  entities  and  recorded  a  mandatorily redeemable financial liability representing the Group's dividend obligation.

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Balance at beginning of the period  140.8  201.0  Add: Expenses recognized in statement of income  154.2  182.9  Less: Settlements  (206.6)  (256.0)  Net foreign exchange differences  9.7  12.9  BALANCE AT END OF THE PERIOD  98.1  140.8   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fair value of debt - The fair values (based on Level 2 inputs) of the Technip Energies Group debt, carried at amortized cost, are presented in Note 22. Debt (long and short-term).

## 26.2. Derivative financial instruments

The management of the Technip Energies Group derivatives and  hedge  accounting  was  carried  out  centrally  by  Technip Energies as of December 31, 2022.

For purposes of mitigating the effect of changes in exchange rates, Technip Energies holds derivative financial instruments to  hedge  the  risks  of  certain  identifiable  and  anticipated transactions and recorded assets and liabilities in the consolidated  statement  of  financial  position.  The  types  of risks  hedged  are  those  relating  to  the  variability  of  future earnings  and  cash  flows  caused  by  movements  in  foreign currency exchange rates. The Technip Energies Group's policy is  to  hold  derivatives  only  for  the  purpose  of  hedging  risks associated  with  anticipated  foreign  currency  purchases  and sales created in the normal course of business and not for trading purposes where the objective is solely or partially to generate profit.

Generally, Technip Energies enters into hedging relationships so  that  changes  in  the  fair  values  or  cash  flows  of  the transactions  being  hedged  are  expected  to  be  offset  by corresponding changes in the fair value of the derivatives. For derivative instruments that qualify as a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the gain or loss of the derivative, which does  not  include  the  time  value  component  of  a  forward currency  rate,  is  reported  as  a  component  of  OCI  and reclassified  into  earnings  in  the  same  period  or  periods during  which  the  hedged  transaction  affects  earnings.  For derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments, any change in the fair value of those instruments  is  reflected  in  earnings  in  the  period  such change  occurs.  For  further  information  on  foreign  currency risk  exposure  and  management,  refer  to  Note  28.  Marketrelated exposure.

Technip  Energies  used  the  following  types  of  derivative instruments:  foreign  exchange  rate  forward  contracts.  In general embedded derivative instruments are separated from the host contract if the economic characteristics and risks of the  embedded  derivative  instrument  are  not  clearly  and closely  related  to  those  of  the  host  contract  and  the  host contract is not marked-to-market at fair value. The purpose of these instruments is to hedge the risk of changes in future cash flows of highly probable purchase or sale commitments denominated in foreign currencies and recorded assets and liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Group held the following material net positions:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Net notional amount bought (sold)  Net notional amount bought (sold)  (In millions of currency )  Local currency  Euro equivalent  Local currency  Euro equivalent  Australian dollar (AUD)  3.0  1.9  5.7  3.6  Canadian dollar (CAD)  2.0  1.4  -  -  Chinese yuan renminbi (CNY)  100.0  13.5  64.0  8.8  Euro (EUR)  99.4  99.4  173.1  173.1  Indian rupee (INR)  519.0  5.9  952.3  11.3  Japanese yen (JPY)  (1,342.1)  (9.5)  (544.7)  (4.2)  Kuwaiti dinar (KWD)  8.5  26.0  6.0  17.5  Malaysian ringgit (MYR)  34.1  7.3  118.5  25.0  Mexican peso (MXN)  486.4  23.4  684.3  29.4  Norwegian krone (NOK)  (23.2)  (2.2)  (186.1)  (18.6)  Pound sterling (GBP)  (54.4)  (61.3)  (62.1)  (74.0)  Qatari riyal (QAR)  (10.0)  (2.6)  (8.0)  (1.9)  Russian ruble (RUB)  -  -  (492.6)  (5.8)  Saudi riyal (SAR)  (10.0)  (2.5)  (3.0)  (0.7)  Singapore dollar (SGD)  20.0  14.0  41.4  27.0  Swedish krona (SEK)  -  -  (1.5)  (0.1)  U.A.E. dirham (AED)  30.0  7.7  -  -  U.S. dollar (USD)  (713.9)  (668.9)  (569.3)  (500.7)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fair value amounts for all outstanding derivative instruments have been determined using available market information and commonly accepted valuation methodologies. Accordingly, the estimates presented may not be indicative of the amounts that Technip Energies would realize in a current market exchange and may not be indicative of the gains or losses Technip Energies may ultimately incur when these contracts are settled.

The  following  table  presents  the  location  and  fair  value  amounts  of  derivative  instruments  reported  in  the  consolidated statement of financial position:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (In millions of €)  Assets  Liabilities  Assets  Liabilities  Derivatives designated as hedging instruments  Foreign exchange contracts  Current - Derivative financial instruments  18.4  19.5  6.8  30.1  Long-term - Derivative financial instruments  6.2  5.3  3.1  1.0  Total derivatives designated as hedging  instruments  24.6  24.8  9.9  31.1  Derivatives not designated as hedging  instruments  Foreign exchange contracts  Current - Derivative financial instruments  1.5  0.8  1.1  3.1  Long-term - Derivative financial instruments  -  -  -  -  Total derivatives not designated as hedging  instruments  1.5  0.8  1.1  3.1  TOTAL DERIVATIVES  26.1  25.6  11.0  34.2   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Cash  flow  hedges  of  forecasted  transactions  resulted  in accumulated  other  comprehensive  (loss)/income  of  €16.4 million and €(18.3) million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Technip Energies Group expects to transfer an approximately  €9.1  million  loss  from  accumulated  other comprehensive income to earnings during the next 12 months when the anticipated transactions actually occur. All anticipated transactions currently being hedged are expected to occur by the last quarter of 2027.

The following table presents the location of gains (losses) in the  consolidated  statement  of  income  related  to  derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges:

| ## Gain (Loss) recognized in OCI (Effective Portion)  (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Foreign exchange contracts  Other comprehensive income/(loss)  31.2  (30.7)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents the location of cash flow hedge gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into profit (loss):

| Gain (Loss) reclassified from  accumulated OCI  into profit (loss) (Effective portion)  (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Foreign exchange contracts  Other income (expense), net  (14.8)  12.4   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents the location of cash flow hedge gain (loss) recognized in profit (loss):

| Gain (Loss) recognized in profit (loss)  (Ineffective portion and amount  excluded  from effectiveness testing)  (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Foreign exchange contracts  Other income (expense), net  (6.3)  8.8   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  following  table  presents  the  location  of  gains  (losses)  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  income  related  to  derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments:

| Gain (Loss) recognized in profit  (loss) on derivatives  (Instruments not designated as  hedging instruments)  (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Foreign exchange contracts  Other income (expense), net  2.7  (7.1)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.3. Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities

The  Technip  Energies  Group  executes  derivative  contracts with counterparties that consent to a master netting agreement, which  permits net settlement of the gross derivative assets against gross derivative liabilities.

Each instrument is accounted for individually and assets and liabilities  are  not  offset.  As  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021 the  Technip  Energies  Group  had  no  collateralized  derivative contracts.

The following table presents both gross information and net information of recognized derivative instruments:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (In millions of €)  Gross amount  recognized  Gross amounts  not offset  permitted  under master  netting  agreements  Net amount  Gross amount  recognized  Gross amounts  not offset  permitted  under master  netting  agreements  Net amount  Derivative assets  26.1  (15.3)  10.8  11.0  (7.3)  3.7  Derivative liabilities  25.6  (15.3)  10.3  34.2  (7.3)  26.9   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 27. Related party transactions

Receivables, payables, revenues and expenses which are included in the consolidated financial statements as transactions with related parties, defined as entities related to Technip Energies' directors and Technip Energies' main Shareholders as well as direct  and  indirect  affiliates  of  Technip  Energies  and  the  partners  of  the  Technip  Energies  Group's  joint  ventures,  were  as follows:

## 27.1. Transactions with related parties and equity affiliates

Trade receivables consisted of receivables due from the following related parties:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  CTEP France  63.6  31.9  JGC Corporation  63.0  41.7  TTSJV W.L.L.  7.5  4.6  TKJV LLP  5.7  8.5  TPIT Dar &amp; Engineering  5.3  4.1  Novarctic  0.7  2.1  Others  11.4  11.4  TOTAL TRADE RECEIVABLES  157.2  104.3   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade payables consisted of payables due to the following related parties:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  CTEP Japan  89.2  6.3  CTEP France  35.5  2.0  Chiyoda  8.4  3.4  TTSJV W.L.L.  2.5  1.7  TPIT Dar &amp; Engineering  2.3  -  Others  2.4  0.9  TOTAL TRADE PAYABLES  140.3  14.3   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Transactions  with  related  parties  also  included  loans  to equity affiliates for an amount  of  €27.1 million as of December 31, 2022, and €8.8 million as of December 31, 2021.

Chiyoda  and  JGC  Corporation  are  joint  venture  partners  on Yamal and Qatar NFE projects. Saipem and Nipigas are joint venture  partners  on  the  Arctic  LNG  2  project.  CTEP  France and CTEP Japan are joint ventures established to carry out our performance obligation under the Qatar NFE project and are accounted for using the equity method.

<!-- image -->

Revenue consisted of amounts with the following related parties:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  CTEP France  164.0  106.9  JGC Corporation  66.5  40.6  Novarctic  43.8  9.3  TTSJV W.L.L.  19.1  25.6  Storengy  12.1  12.1  TKJV LLP  8.0  7.9  Chiyoda  5.5  -  Sasol  -  16.1  Nipigas  -  13.9  Others  4.8  7.3  TOTAL REVENUES  323.8  239.7   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Expenses consisted of amounts with the following related parties:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  CTEP Japan  (341.4)  (62.4)  CTEP France  (181.7)  (61.1)  Chiyoda  (15.6)  (6.2)  Arkema S.A.  (5.5)  -  Sofresid  (4.1)  (6.9)  TTSJV W.L.L.  (3.9)  (6.3)  Saipem  (2.0)  (5.3)  TPIT Dar &amp; Engineering  (1.6)  -  Others  (4.3)  (6.6)  TOTAL EXPENSES  (560.1)  (154.8)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.2. Key management remuneration

Technip Energies Executive Committee remuneration was as follows for December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Salaries and fringe benefits  6.0  5.4  Annual incentives  5.1  5.2  Long-term incentive awards  4.3  3.7  Pension related benefits  0.3  0.2  TOTAL  15.7  14.5   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Board of Directors remuneration was €1.4 million and €1.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively.

## Note 28. Market-related exposure

## 28.1. Liquidity risk

The  primary  objectives  of  liquidity  management  consist  of meeting  the  continuing  funding  requirements  of  Technip Energies  global  operations  with  cash  generated  by  such operations  and  Technip  Energies  existing  commercial  paper program.

Cash pooling and external financing are largely centralized at T.EN Eurocash SNC. Funds are provided to Technip Energies companies on the basis of an 'in-house banking' solution.

surplus.  Relevant  planning  factors  taken  into  consideration include operating cash flow, capital expenditures, divestments, margin payments and the maturities of financial liabilities.

## Commercial paper program and credit facility

The  financing  requirements  of  Technip  Energies  companies are  determined  on  the  basis  of  short  and  medium-term liquidity planning. The financing is controlled and implemented centrally on a forward-looking basis in accordance with the planned liquidity requirements or

Under  the  commercial  paper  program,  Technip  Energies, through  its  treasury  center  T.EN  Eurocash  SNC,  has  the ability to access up to €750.0 million of financing through its commercial paper dealers. Technip Energies had respectively €79.9 million and €80.0 million of commercial paper issued under the facility as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. Refer to Note 22. Debt (long and short-term) for more details.

The following is a summary of the credit facility as of December 31, 2022:

| (In millions of €)  Amount  Debt outstanding  Commercial  paper  outstanding  Unused capacity  Revolving credit facility  750.0  -  79.9  670.1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Technip  Energies'  available  capacity  under  the  Revolving  Facility  is  reduced  by  any  outstanding  commercial  paper.  As  of December 31, 2022, all restrictive covenants were complying under the Revolving Facility agreement.

## Undiscounted financial liabilities

The contractual undiscounted repayment schedule of financial liabilities as of December 31, 2022 was as follows:

| (In millions of €)  2023  2024  2025  2026  2027  2028 and  beyond  Total  Financial Debts  123.7  -  -  -  -  595.3  719.0  Accounts payable, trade  1,662.7  -  -  -  -  -  1,662.7  Derivative financial instruments  20.3  5.2  0.1  -  -  -  25.6  Redeemable financial liability  98.1  -  -  -  -  -  98.1  TOTAL FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AS  OF DECEMBER 31, 2022  1,904.8  5.2  0.1  -  -  595.3  2,505.4   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The contractual undiscounted repayment schedule of financial liabilities as of December 31, 2021 was as follows:

| (In millions of €)  2022  2023  2024  2025  2026  2027 and  beyond  Total  Financial Debts  85.3  0.1  -  -  -  594.0  679.4  Accounts payable, trade  1,433.9  -  -  -  -  -  1,433.9  Derivative financial instruments  33.1  1.1  -  -  -  -  34.2  Redeemable financial liability  108.4  21.0  11.4  -  -  -  140.8  Due to TechnipFMC - Trade  payables  63.2  -  -  -  -  -  63.2  Due to TechnipFMC - Loans  3.9  -  -  -  -  -  3.9  TOTAL FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AS  OF DECEMBER 31, 2021  1,727.8  22.2  11.4  -  -  594.0  2,355.4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

ANNUAL ACCOUNTS

## 28.2. Foreign currency exchange rate risk

Technip  Energies  conducts  operations  around  the  world  in several  different  currencies.  Many  of  the  Technip  Energies Group's  significant  foreign  subsidiaries  have  designated  the local  currency  as  their  functional  currency.  Earnings  are therefore  subject  to  change  due  to  fluctuations  in  foreign currency exchange rates when  the earnings in foreign currencies  are  translated  into  Euro.  The  Technip  Energies Group does not hedge this translation impact on earnings. A 10% increase or decrease in the average exchange rates of all foreign  currencies  as  of  December  31,  2022,  would  have changed  the  Technip  Energies  Group's  revenue  and  profit (loss) before income  taxes attributable to the Technip Energies Group by approximately €319.4 million and €32.6 million, respectively. A 10% increase or decrease in the average exchange  rates of all foreign currencies as of December 31, 2021 would have changed the Technip Energies Group's revenue and profit (loss) before income taxes attributable to the Technip Energies Group by approximately €221.1 million and €33.6 million, respectively.

When transactions are denominated in currencies other than the respective functional currencies of the applicable subsidiaries of the Technip Energies Group, the Group manages  these  exposures  through  derivative  instruments. The Group primarily uses foreign currency forward contracts to  hedge  the  foreign  currency  fluctuations  associated  with firmly committed and forecasted foreign currency denominated payments and receipts. The derivative instruments  associated  with  these  anticipated  transactions are usually designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, and as such the gains and losses associated with these instruments  are  recorded  in  other  comprehensive  income until such time that the underlying transactions are recognized. Unless these cash flow contracts are deemed to be ineffective or are not designated as cash flow hedges at inception, changes in the derivative fair value will not have an immediate  impact  on  results  of  operations  since  the  gains and losses associated with these instruments are recorded in other comprehensive income. When the anticipated transactions  occur,  these  changes  in  value  of  derivative instrument  positions  will  be  offset  against  changes  in  the value  of  the  underlying  transaction.  When  an  anticipated transaction in a currency other than the functional currency

## 28.3. Interest rate risk

The Technip Energies Group is generally  financed  using  the internal cash pooling system. Cash pooling balances earn and bear interest on normal market terms and conditions (rates of interest for specific maturities and currencies). Individual members  of  the  Technip Energies Group  that are not included  in  the  internal  cash  pool  due  to  legal  restrictions arrange financing independently or with discrete intercompany loans at arm's length terms and conditions or deposit their excess liquidity with leading local banks.

The  Technip  Energies  Group  assesses  the  effectiveness  of forward foreign currency contracts designated as cash flow hedges  based  on  changes  in fair value attributable to changes in spot rates. The Technip Energies Group excludes the impact attributable to changes in the difference between the  spot  rate  and  the  forward  rate  for  the  assessment  of hedge effectiveness and recognizes the change in fair value of  an  entity  is  recognized  as  an  asset  or  liability  on  the statement  of  financial  position,  we  also  hedge  the  foreign currency  fluctuation  of  these  assets  and  liabilities  with derivative  instruments  after  netting  the  Technip  Energies Group's  exposures  worldwide.  These  derivative  instruments do not qualify as cash flow hedges.

Occasionally, the Technip Energies Group enters into contracts or other arrangements containing terms and conditions  that  qualify  as  embedded  derivative  instruments and are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. In those  situations,  the  Technip  Energies  Group  enters  into derivative foreign exchange contracts that hedge the price or cost fluctuations due to movements in the foreign exchange rates.  These  derivative  instruments  are  not  designated  as cash flow hedges.

For  foreign  currency  forward  contracts  hedging  anticipated transactions that are accounted for as cash flow hedges, a 10% increase in the value of the Euro would have resulted in an additional loss of €68.3 million and €65.0 million in the net fair value of cash flow hedges reflected in the consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively.

For certain committed and anticipated future cash flows and recognized  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  denominated  in  a foreign currency the Technip Energies Group may choose to manage  risk  against  changes  in  the  exchange  rates,  when compared against the functional currency, through the economic netting of exposures instead of derivative instruments. Cash outflows or liabilities in a foreign currency are  matched  against  cash  inflows  or  assets  in  the  same currency such that movements in exchange rates will result in offsetting gains or losses. Due to the inherent unpredictability of the timing of cash flows, gains and losses in  the  current  period  may  be  economically  offset  by  gains and  losses  in  a  future  period.  All  gains  and  losses  are recorded  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  income  in  the period in which they are incurred. Gains and losses from the remeasurement  of  assets  and  liabilities  are  recognized  in other income (expense), net.

of this component immediately in earnings. Considering that the difference between the spot rate and the forward rate is proportional  to  the  differences  in  the  interest  rates  of  the countries of the currencies being traded, the Technip Energies  Group  has  exposure  in  the  unrealized  valuation  of its forward foreign currency contracts to relative changes in interest rates between countries in its results of operations.

Based  on  the  Technip  Energies  Group's  portfolio  as  of December 31, 2022, the Technip Energies Group has material positions with exposure to interest rates in the United States of America and the European Union.

The Technip Energies Group's fixed-rate  borrowings  include commercial paper. There are no floating rate borrowings.

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Bonds (note 22)  599.3  598.5  Commercial paper (note 22)  79.9  80.0  Bank borrowings and other (note 22)  39.8  0.9  Loans due to TechnipFMC  -  3.9  TOTAL DEBT  719.0  683.3   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sensitivity analysis as of December 31, 2022

As  of  December  31,  2022,  the  net  cash  position  of  the Technip  Energies  Group  (cash  and  cash  equivalents,  less financial debts) amounted to €2,758.4 million. A 1% (100 basis points)  increase  in  interest  rates  would  have  generated  an additional profit of €27.6 million before tax in the net cash position.  A  1%  (100  basis  points)  decrease  in  interest  rates would have generated a loss of the same amount.

## Sensitivity analysis as of December 31, 2021

## 28.4.  Credit risk

Valuations of derivative assets and liabilities reflect the value of  the  instruments,  including  the  values  associated  with counterparty risk. These values must also take into account the Technip Energies Group's credit standing, thus including in the valuation of the derivative instrument the value of the net  credit  differential  between  the  counterparties  to  the derivative contract. The methodology includes the impact of both  counterparties  and  such  entity's  own  credit  standing. Adjustments  to  derivative  assets  and  liabilities  related  to credit risk were not material for any period presented.

By  their  nature,  financial  instruments  involve  risk,  including credit risk, for non-performance by counterparties. Financial instruments  that  potentially  subject  the  Technip  Energies Group  to  credit  risk  primarily  consist  of  trade  receivables, contract assets, contractual cash flows from debt instruments (primarily loans), cash equivalents and deposits with  banks,  as  well  as  derivative  contracts.  The  Technip

As of December 31, 2021, the net short-term cash position of the Technip Energies Group (cash and cash equivalents, less short-term  financial  debt)  amounted  to  €2,955.3  million. A 1% (100 basis points) increase in interest rates would have generated an additional profit of €29.6 million before tax in the  net  cash  position.  A  1%  (100  basis  points)  decrease  in interest  rates  would  have  generated  a  loss  of  the  same amount.

Energies Group manages the credit risk on financial instruments  by  transacting  only  with  what  management believes are financially secure counterparties, requiring credit approvals  and  credit  limits,  and  monitoring  counterparties' financial condition. The maximum exposure to credit loss in the event of non-performance by the counterparty is limited to  the  amount  drawn  and  outstanding  on  the  financial instrument. The Technip Energies Group mitigates credit risk on  derivative  contracts  by  executing  contracts  only  with counterparties that consent to a master netting agreement, which permits the net settlement of gross derivative assets against gross derivative liabilities.

The  Group  has  applied  the  IFRS  9  simplified  approach  to measuring  expected  credit  losses  which  uses  a  lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets.

Credit risk exposure on trade receivables and contract assets using a provision matrix are set out as follows:

| December 31, 2022  Days past due  Total  trade  receivables  Contract  assets  (In millions of €)  Current  Less than 3  months  3 to 12 months  Over 1 year  Net carrying amount  884.5  262.5  64.4  76.0  1,287.4  343.2  Weighted average expected  credit loss rate  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  0.13%  0.13%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

December 31, 2021

| Days past due  Total  trade  receivables  Contract  assets  (In millions of €)  Current  Less than 3  months  3 to 12 months  Over 1 year  Net carrying amount  680.3  114.0  144.3  99.8  1,038.4  331.8  Weighted average expected  credit loss rate  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  0.09%  0.09%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Note 29. Commitments and contingent liabilities

## 29.1. Contingent liabilities associated with guarantees

In  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  the  Technip  Energies Group  enters  into  standby  letters  of  credit,  performance bonds,  surety  bonds  and  other  guarantees  with  financial institutions  for  the  benefit  of  its  customers,  vendors  and other parties.

Guarantees consisted of the following:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Financial guarantees  (1)  202.4  105.0  Performance guarantees (2)  3,074.0  2,709.9  MAXIMUM POTENTIAL UNDISCOUNTED PAYMENTS  3,276.4  2,814.9   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Financial guarantees represent contracts that contingently require a guarantor to make payments to a guaranteed party based on changes in an underlying agreement that is related to an asset, a liability, or an equity security of the guaranteed party as primary obligor. These would be drawn down only if there is a failure to fulfill financial obligations by the primary obligor.

(2) Performance guarantees represent contracts that contingently require a guarantor to make payments to a guaranteed party based on another entity's failure to perform under a non-financial agreement. Events that trigger payment are performance-related, such as failure to ship a product or provide a service.

## 29.2. Contingent liabilities associated with legal matters

The  Group  is  involved  in  various  pending  or  potential  legal actions,  disputes  and  proceedings,  whether  initiated  by  the Company or by third parties (including governmental authorities)  any  of  which  could  result  in  sanctions  of  a financial,  administrative  or  criminal  nature  or  proceedings. Management  is  unable  to  predict  the  ultimate  outcome  of these actions because of their inherent uncertainty. However, management  believes  that the most  probable, ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Technip Energies Group's financial position or profitability.

In late 2016, TechnipFMC was contacted by the United States Department of Justice (' DOJ ')  regarding  its  investigation  of offshore platform projects awarded between 2003 and 2007, performed  in  Brazil  by  a  joint  venture  company  in  which TechnipFMC was a minority participant. Subsequently TechnipFMC also raised the subject with the DOJ of certain other  projects  performed  by  TechnipFMC  subsidiaries  in Brazil  between  2002  and  2013.  The  DOJ  has  also  inquired about  projects  in  Ghana  and  Equatorial  Guinea  that  were awarded  to  TechnipFMC  subsidiaries  in  2008  and  2009, respectively.  TechnipFMC  cooperated  with  the  DOJ  in  its investigation into the potential violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the ' FCPA ') in connection with these projects,  and  contacted  and  cooperated  with  the  Brazilian authorities (the Federal Prosecution Service (the ' MPF '), the Comptroller  General  of  Brazil  (the  ' CGU ')  and  the  Attorney General of Brazil (the ' AGU ')) as relates to their investigation concerning the projects in Brazil. Technip Energies is subject to  an  ongoing  investigation  by  the  French Parquet  National Financier (' PNF ') related to the above referenced projects in Equatorial  Guinea  and  Ghana.  Technip  Energies  was  later informed by the PNF that the PNF was also reviewing certain historical projects in Angola.

On June 25, 2019, TechnipFMC announced a global resolution to pay a total of $301.3 million to the DOJ, the SEC, the MPF, and the CGU/AGU to resolve these anti-corruption investigations,  of  which  $281.3  million  related  to  Technip Energies' business. The final amount due in accordance with the global resolution was paid by Technip Energies during the second quarter of 2021. As part of this resolution, TechnipFMC entered into a three-year deferred prosecution agreement with the DOJ related to charges of conspiracy to violate  the  FCPA  in  relation  to  conduct  in  Brazil  and  other matters (' DPA '). In addition, Technip USA, Inc (since renamed Technip Energies USA, Inc.), a U.S. subsidiary, pled guilty to one  count  of  conspiracy  to  violate  the  FCPA  related  to conduct in Brazil.

To date, the investigation by the PNF has related to certain historical  projects  in  Equatorial  Guinea,  Ghana  and  Angola and  has  not  reached  a  resolution.  Technip  Energies  and TechnipFMC  are  cooperating  and  Technip  Energies  remains committed to finding a resolution with the PNF.

There is no certainty that a settlement with the PNF will be reached.  The  PNF  has  a  broad  range  of  potential  sanctions under anticorruption laws and regulations that it may seek to impose  in appropriate circumstances including, but not limited  to,  fines,  penalties,  the  appointment  of  a  monitor, and  modifications  to  business  practices  and  compliance programs.  Any  of  these  measures,  if applicable to the Company,  as  well  as  potential  customer  reaction  to  such measures,  could  have  a  material  adverse  impact  on  its financial position or profitability. The financial consequences of these investigations are to be retained by TechnipFMC by way of an indemnity provided by TechnipFMC to the Company under the Separation and Distribution Agreement.

In  2003,  Petrobras  B.V.  (' PNBV ')  and  FSTP,  a  Joint  Venture between Keppel (75%)  and  Technip  Brasil  Engenharia  (25%) signed  a  contract  for  construction  of  the  P-52  offshore platform  (the  ' Project ').  In  2007  the  Brazilian Tribunal  de Contas da União (' TCU ') contested the validity of an amendment  to  the  contract  which  compensated  FSTP  for additional  costs  incurred  in  relation  to  the  Project  (the ' Contested  Payments ').  To  ensure  project  completion  and avoid  suspension  of  payments  pending  the  outcome  of proceedings  initiated  by  the  TCU  to  recover  the  Contested Payments, FSTP issued a USD 126M letter of credit in favor of PNBV, with the Company being responsible for 25%. Proceedings  relating  to  the  Contested  Payments  have  been ongoing since 2007.  Technip Energies and Keppel continue to contest  TCU's  efforts  to  have  PNBV  recover  the  Contested Payments.

Most of these financial instruments expire within five years. Management does not expect any of these financial instruments to result in losses that, if incurred, would have a material  adverse  effect  on  the  Technip  Energies  Group's consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

## Contingent liabilities associated with liquidated damages

Some  of  the  Technip  Energies  Group's  contracts  contain provisions that require the relevant Technip Energies Group company to pay liquidated damages if the relevant company is  responsible  for  the  failure  to  meet  specified  contractual milestone  dates  and  the  applicable  customer  asserts  a conforming  claim  under  these  provisions.  These  contracts define the conditions under which the customers of Technip

Energies may make claims against it for liquidated damages. Based  upon  the  evaluation  of  Technip  Energies  Group's performance and other commercial and legal analysis, management  believes  that the Group  has appropriately recognized probable liquidated damages as of December 31, 2022,  and  2021,  and  that  the  ultimate  resolution  of  such matters  will  not  materially  affect  its  consolidated  financial position, consolidated results of operations, or consolidated cash flows.

## Note 30. Auditor's remuneration

Auditor's remuneration as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Fees payable to Technip Energies' auditors for the audit of its annual financial  statements  (2.1)  (1.8)  Fees payable to Technip Energies' auditors and its associates for the audit of its  subsidiaries  (3.9)  (3.7)  TOTAL FEES PAYABLE FOR AUDIT SERVICES  (6.0)  (5.5)  Audit related  (0.1)  -  Tax fees  -  -  All other fees  (0.2)  (0.9)  TOTAL FEES PAYABLE FOR OTHER SERVICES  (0.3)  (0.9)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Of the total fees billed, an amount of €0.2 million relates to PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants NV for audit services. The remainder relates to other firms within the PwC network.

<!-- image -->

## Note 31. Companies included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements

The  legal  entities  comprising  Technip  Energies'  scope  of  consolidation  including  principal  subsidiaries,  associates  and  joint ventures as of December 31, 2022 are listed below:

## 31.1.  Principal subsidiaries

| AUSTRALIA  Genesis Energies Consultants Pty Ltd  Ground Floor, 1 William Street  Perth WA 6000  100  T.EN Australia and New Zealand Pty Ltd  Ground Floor, 1 William Street  Perth WA 6000  100  BELARUS  Technip Bel  Unitary Enterprise 'Deloitte Legal'  51A K. Tsetkin St.  220004 Minsk  100  BRAZIL  Genesis Oil &amp; Gas Brasil Engenharia Ltda.  Rua Paulo Emídio Barbosa, 485, quadra 4 (parte)  Cidade Universitária  21941-615, Rio de Janeiro  100  BRUNEI  T.EN Engineering (B) Snd. Bhd.  B6, Second Floor, Block B, Shakirin Complex, Kampong Kiulap  BE1518, Bandar Seri Begawan, Brunei Darussalam  93.1  CHINA  Shanghai T.EN Trading Co. Ltd.  Room 1904, 19 th  Floor, Xuhui Vanke Center  55 Ding'An Road  200030, Shanghai  100  T.EN Chemical Engineering (Tianjin) Co.  Ltd.  521 Jing Jin Road  300400, Tianjin  100  T.EN Engineering Consultant (Shanghai)  Co. Ltd.  Room 1902, 19 th  Floor, Xuhui Vanke Center  55 Ding'An Road  200030, Shanghai  100  Gydan Yard Management Services  (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.  18F/1329 Huai Hai Middle Road  200010, Shanghai  84.9  COLOMBIA  T.EN Colombia S.A.  Calle 38 # 8-62 Piso 3, 110111, Bogota D.C.  56.5  FRANCE  Clecel SAS  2126 boulevard de La Défense  Immeuble Origine  CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  Cybernetix SAS  Technopôle de Château Gombert  306 Rue Albert Einstein  BP 94  13382 Marseille Cedex 13  100  Cyxplus SAS  Technopôle de Château Gombert  306 Rue Albert Einstein  BP 94  13382 Marseille Cedex 13  100  Gydan LNG SARL  2126 boulevard de La Défense  Immeuble Origine  CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  84  Gygaz SNC  2126 boulevard de La Défense  Immeuble Origine  CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  84.85  Company Name  Address  Interest held in %  as of  December 31,  2022   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Middle East Projects International  (Technip Mepi) SAS  2126 boulevard de La Défense  Immeuble Origine  CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  Safrel SAS  2126 boulevard de La Défense  Immeuble Origine  CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  SCI Les Bessons  Technopôle de Château Gombert  306 Rue Albert Einstein  BP 94  13382 Marseille Cedex 13  100  South Tambey LNG (1)  5 place de la Pyramide, Tour Ariane  Paris La Défense  92800 Puteaux  50  T.EN Corporate Services SAS  2126 boulevard de La Défense  Immeuble Origine  CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  T.EN Eurocash SNC  2126 boulevard de La Défense  Immeuble Origine  CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  Technip Energies France SAS  2126 boulevard de La Défense  Immeuble Origine  CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  T.EN Engineering SAS  2126 boulevard de La Défense  Immeuble Origine  CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  T.EN Net SAS  2126 boulevard de La Défense  Immeuble Origine  CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  T.EN Ingénierie Régionale pour  Industries SAS  14 rue Linus Carl Pauling  PAT La Vatine  76130 Mont-Saint-Aignan  100  Yamgaz SNC (1)  2126 boulevard de La Défense  Immeuble Origine  CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  50  T.EN Loading Systems SAS  Route des Clérimois  89100 Sens  100  GERMANY  T.EN Zimmer GmbH  Friesstrasse 20  60388 Frankfurt am Main  100  INDIA  T.EN Global Business Services Private  Limited  B-22 Okhla Industrial Area, Phase-1  110020 New Delhi  100  Technip Energies India Limited  B-22 Okhla Industrial Area, Phase-1  110020 New Delhi  100  Company Name  Address  Interest held in %  as of  December 31,  2022   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Technip  Energies  has  an  ownership  interest  in  both  Yamgaz  SNC  and  South  Tambey  LNG  of  200.002  shares  (of  total  outstanding  shares),  or 50.0005%,  and  obtained  a  majority  interest  and  voting  control  over  Yamgaz  SNC  and  South  Tambey  and  consolidated  both  entities  effective December 31, 2016.

<!-- image -->

| INDONESIA  PT Technip Engineering Indonesia  Metropolitan Tower, 15  th  Floor  Jln. R.A. Kartini Kav. 14 (T.B. Simatupang) Cilandak,  Jakarta Selatan  12430 Jakarta  32.67  ITALY  Consorzio Technip Italy Procurement  Services - TIPS  68, Viale Castello della Magliana 00148 Rome  100  T.EN Italy Solutions S.p.A.  68, Viale Castello della Magliana 00148 Rome  100  Technip Energies Italy S.p.A.  68, Viale Castello della Magliana 00148 Rome  100  TPL - Tecnologie Progetti Lavori S.p.A.  68, Viale Castello della Magliana 00148 Rome  100  Consorzio Technip Italy Worley Parsons  68, Viale Castello della Magliana 00148 Rome  90  JAPAN  Technip Energies Japan GK  Level 10, Hulic Minatomirai  1-1-7, Sakuragi-cho, Naka-ku  Yokohama-shi, Kanagawa  100  MALAYSIA  Genesis Energies Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.  Suite 13.03, 13  th  Floor, Menara Tan &amp; Tan  207 Jalan Tun Razak  50400 Kuala Lumpur  100  T.EN Far East Sdn. Bhd.  Suite 13.03, 13  th  Floor, Menara Tan &amp; Tan  207 Jalan Tun Razak  50400 Kuala Lumpur  100  Technip Energies (M) Sdn. Bhd.  Suite 13.03, 13  th  Floor, Menara Tan &amp; Tan  207 Jalan Tun Razak  50400 Kuala Lumpur  30  MEXICO  Technip De Mexico S. De R.L. De C.V.  Blvd. Manuel Ávila Camacho 36, Piso 10, Oficina 1058 Lomas De  Chapultepec I Sección. C. P. 11000, Alcaldía Miguel Hidalgo  Ciudad de México  100  TP Energies Servicios Mexico, S. de R.L.  de C.V.  Blvd. Manuel Ávila Camacho 36, Piso 10, Oficina 1058 Lomas De  Chapultepec I Sección. C. P. 11000, Alcaldía Miguel Hidalgo  Ciudad de México  100  TP Oil &amp; Gas Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.  Calle Novena 357 Lote 8 Y 7 FRACC. De La Manzana 74,Seccion  Primera Baja California, 22800, Ensenada, Mexico  100  MOZAMBIQUE  T.EN Moçambique, Limitada  Zedequias Manganhela Avenue, no. 257, fifth floor, Maputo City  100  NETHERLANDS  T.EN Netherlands B.V.  Afrikaweg 30, 2713 AW, Zoetermeer  100  Technip EPG B.V.  Fascinatio Boulevard 522, 2909VA Capelle aan den IJssel  100  Technip Oil &amp; Gas B.V.  Afrikaweg 30, 2713 AW, Zoetermeer  100  Technip Energies International B.V.  Afrikaweg 30, 2713 AW, Zoetermeer  100  NEW-CALEDONIA - FRENCH OVERSEAS TERRITORY  T.EN Nouvelle-Calédonie SAS  27 bis avenue du Maréchal Foch - Galerie Center Foch -  Centre-Ville, B.P. 4460, 98847 Noumea  100  NORWAY  Anchor Contracting  Bryggegata 9, NO-0250, Oslo  100  Genesis Energies Norway AS  Genesis Energies Norway AS v/ Kjell Haver Regnskapsservice  Welhavens vei 5  4319 Sandnes, Norway  100  Inocean AS  Bryggegata 9, NO-0250, Oslo  100  Inocean Marotec  Bryggegata 9, NO-0250, Oslo  90.1  Kanfa AS  Philip Pedersens Road 7, 1366 Lysaker  100  Company Name  Address  Interest held in %  as of  December 31,  2022   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| PANAMA  T.EN Overseas S.A.  East 53  rd  Street, Marbella, Humboldt Tower 2  nd  Floor, P.O. Box  0819-09132  100  POLAND  Inocean Poland Sp. Z.o.o.  Ul. Dubois, 20, 71-610, Szczecin  100  Technip Polska Sp. Z.o.o.  UI. Promyka 13/4, No. 13, suite 4, 01-604 Warsaw, Poland  100  RUSSIAN FEDERATION  Rus Technip LLC  Prechistenka, str. 40/2, building 1, Office XXVII, 4  th  floor  123298 Moscow  51  JSC Technip Energies Rus  Ligovsky Prospekt, 266, Building 1. Litera. O 196084 St.  Petersburg  100  SAUDI ARABIA  Technip Saudi Arabia Limited  P.O. Box 3596  Al Khobar 34423  76  TPL Arabia  P.O. Box 3596  Al Khobar 34423  90  SINGAPORE  Technip Energies Singapore Pte. Ltd.  4 Robinson Road, #05-01 The House of Eden  048543 Singapore  100  SPAIN  Technip Energies Iberia, S.A.  Building n°8 - Floor 4  th  Plaça de la Pau s/n, World Trade Center  - Almeda Park - Cornellà de Llobregat, 08940 Barcelona  100  SWEDEN  Inocean AB  Gardatorget 1, Goteborg  100  SWITZERLAND  Engineering Re AG  Vulkanstrasse 106,  8048 Zürich  100  Technipetrol AG  Industriestrasse 13c, CH-6304 Zug, Switzerland  100  THAILAND  Technip Energies (Thailand) Ltd  20 th  Floor, Suntower, Building A  123 Vibhavadee-Rangsit Road, Jomphon  Jatujak, Bangkok 10900  74  Technip Energies Holding (Thailand) Ltd  20 th  Floor, Suntower, Building A  123 Vibhavadee-Rangsit Road, Jomphon  Jatujak, Bangkok 10900  49  UNITED ARAB EMIRATES  TEN MIDDLE EAST FZE  Office No. LB14414  P.O. Box 262274  Jebel Ali Free Zone, Dubai  100  UNITED KINGDOM  T.EN International UK Ltd  One St Paul's Churchyard London EC4M 8AP  100  Cybernetix S.R.I.S. Limited  One St Paul's Churchyard London EC4M 8AP  100  Genesis Oil &amp; Gas Consultants Limited  One St Paul's Churchyard London EC4M 8AP  100  Genesis Energies Consultants Ltd  One St Paul's Churchyard London EC4M 8AP  100  T.EN E&amp;C Limited  One St Paul's Churchyard London EC4M 8AP  100  T.EN PMC Services Limited  One St Paul's Churchyard London EC4M 8AP  100  T.EN UK Holdings Limited  One St Paul's Churchyard London EC4M 8AP  100  Company Name  Address  Interest held in %  as of  December 31,  2022   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Interest held in %

as of

| UNITED STATES  Badger Licensing LLC  c/o Corporation Service Company  251, Little Falls Drive  Wilmington, Delaware 19808  100  Technip E&amp;C, Inc.  c/o CT Corporation System  3867 Plaza Tower Dr  Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70816  100  T.EN Energy &amp; Chemicals International,  Inc.  c/o CT Corporation System  3867 Plaza Tower Dr  Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70816  100  T.EN Process Technology, Inc.  c/o CT Corporation System  3867 Plaza Tower Dr  Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70816  100  T.EN S&amp;W Abu Dhabi, Inc.  c/o Corporation Trust Center  1209 Orange St.  Wilmington, Delaware 19801  100  T.EN S&amp;W International, Inc.  c/o CT Corporation System  3867 Plaza Tower Dr  Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70816  100  T.EN Stone &amp; Webster Process  Technology, Inc.  c/o Corporation Trust Center  1209 Orange St.  Wilmington, Delaware 19801  100  Technip Energies USA, Inc.  c/o Corporation Trust Center  1209 Orange St.  Wilmington, Delaware 19801  100  VENEZUELA  Inversiones Dinsa, C.A  Calle 1 con Calle 2, Centro Empresarial INECOM, Piso 1, La  Urbina  Caracas, 1073  100  T.EN Velam  Calle 1 con Calle 2, Centro Empresarial INECOM, Piso 1, La  Urbina  Caracas, 1073  100  VIETNAM  T.EN Vietnam Co., Ltd.  207A Nguyen Van Thu, Da Kao Ward, District 1  Ho Chi Minh City  100  Company Name  Address  December 31,  2022   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31.2. Associates and joint ventures

| BAHRAIN  TTSJV W.L.L.  Block 215, Rd 1531, Bldg 1130, Flt.12  P.O.Box 28110  Muharraq  36  BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA  Petrolinvest, D.D. Sarajevo  Tvornicka 3, 71000 Sarajevo  33  BRAZIL  FSTP Brasil Ltda.  Rua Visconde de Inhaúma,  N.º 83 - 17º e 18º andares  Centro, Rio de Janeiro  25  FRANCE  Novarctic SARL  2126 boulevard de la Défense  Immeuble Origine  CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  33.33  TP JGC Coral France SNC  2126 boulevard de la Défense  Immeuble Origine  CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  50  CTEP France SNC  2126 boulevard de la Défense  Immeuble Origine  CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  50  INDONESIA  PT Technip Indonesia  Metropolitan Tower, 15  th  Floor  Jln. R.A. Kartini Kav. 14 (T.B. Simatupang) Cilandak,  Jakarta Selatan  12430 Jakarta  33  JAPAN  CTEP Japan  Level 10, Hulic Minatomirai  1-1-7, Sakuragi-cho, Naka-ku  Yokohama-shi, Kanagawa  50  KAZAKHSTAN  TKJV LLP  Av. Abdirova, bld. 3, 100009, Karaganda city, Kazybek bi district  49.5  MALAYSIA  T.EN Consultant (M) Sdn. Bhd.  Suite 13.03, 13  th  Floor, Menara Tan &amp; Tan  207 Jalan Tun Razak  50400 Kuala Lumpur  27.18  MEXICO  Ethylene XXI Contractors S.A.P.I. de C.V.  Blvd Manuel Ávila Camacho Número 32, piso 6, oficina 677, Col.  Lomas de Chapultepec, C.P. 11000, Ciudad de México  40  Desarrolladora de Etileno, S. de R.L. de  C.V.  Blvd Manuel Ávila Camacho Número 32, piso 6, oficina 677, Col.  Lomas de Chapultepec, C.P. 11000, Ciudad de México  40  Company Name  Address  Interest held in %  as of December  31, 2022   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| MOZAMBIQUE  ENHL- TechnipFMC Mozambique, LDA  Av. Vladimir Lenine, 1123,  7º andar Edifício Topazio  Maputo  51  JGC Fluor TechnipFMC Mozambique,  LDA  Av. Vladimir Lenine, 1123,  7º andar Edifício Topazio  Maputo  Maputo  33.33  TP JGC Coral Mozambique  Av. Vladimir Lenine, 1123,  7º andar Edifício Topazio  Maputo  50  NETHERLANDS  Etileno XXI Holding B.V.  Afrikaweg 30, 2713 AW, Zoetermeer  50  Etileno XXI Services B.V.  Beursplein 37, Office 869, 3011 AA Rotterdam  40  NORWAY  Marine Offshore AS  Vollsveien 17A , 1366, Lysaker  51  SAUDI ARABIA  Technip Italy S.p.A. &amp; Dar Al Riyadh for  Engineering Consulting  P.O. Box 3596, 34423 Al-Khobar  60  SINGAPORE  FSTP Pte Ltd  50 Gul Road, 629351 Singapore  25  UNITED ARAB EMIRATES  Yemgas FZCO  Office # LB15312  P.O. Box 17891  Jebel Ali Free Zone - Dubai  33.33  UNITED STATES  Spars International, Inc.  c/o CT Corporation System  1999 Bryan Street, Suite 900  Dallas, Texas 75201  50  Deep Oil Technology, Inc.  c/o CT Corporation System  818 W. Seven St.  Los Angeles, California 90017  50  Company Name  Address  Interest held in %  as of December  31, 2022   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 32. Subsequent events

The Board of Directors has decided to propose at the Annual Shareholder  Meeting  of  May  10,  2023,  the  distribution  of  a dividend  of  €91.2  million  for  the  2022  financial  year  (which equals  to  €0.52  per  share,  based  on  the  number  of  shares outstanding  less  the  expected  number  of  treasury  shares held at the dividends record date).

## 8.2.  TECHNIP ENERGIES COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 8.2.1.  COMPANY BALANCE SHEET

## Company balance sheet

| (In millions of €)  Before appropriation of profit  Notes  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Assets  Tangible fixed assets  0.1  -  Financial fixed assets  8.2.4.1  3,136.5  2,977.2  Deferred tax assets  8.2.4.2  2.7  18.5  Total non current assets  3,139.3  2,995.7  Other receivables  8.2.4.3  181.1  107.8  Cash and cash equivalent  8.2.4.4  -  -  Total current assets  181.1  107.8  TOTAL ASSETS  3,320.4  3,103.5  ## Equity and Liabilities  Equity attributable to Shareholders  Issued share capital  1.8  1.8  Share premium reserve  941.6  941.6  Treasury shares  (64.2)  (22.5)  Legal reserves  7.8  (38.1)  Retained earnings  473.3  319.8  Share Based Compensation  45.8  29.1  Profit of the period  306.3  244.6  Total equity  8.2.4.5  1,712.4  1,476.2  Provisions  8.2.4.6  22.4  29.5  Non current liabilities  8.2.4.7  595.3  594.5  Loans and borrowing  8.2.4.7  859.5  889.2  Other current liabilities  8.2.4.8  130.8  114.0  Total current liabilities  990.3  1,003.2  TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  3,320.4  3,103.5   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 8.2.2.  COMPANY INCOME STATEMENT

## Company income statement

| (In millions of €)  Notes  2022  2021  Revenue  8.2.4.9  148.2  138.6  General and administrative expenses  8.2.4.10  (186.3)  (203.2)  Restructuring costs  8.8  -  Operating profit/(loss)  (29.3)  (64.6)  Financial income  8.2.4.11  7.0  14.0  Financial expense  8.2.4.11  (23.1)  (29.1)  Profit/(Loss) before tax  (45.4)  (79.7)  Income tax (expense)/income  8.2.4.12  17.3  18.0  Result of Group companies  334.4  306.3  PROFIT/(LOSS)  306.3  244.6   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8.2.3.  GENERAL

The  Company  financial  statements  are  part  of  the  2022 financial statements of Technip Energies N.V.

The Company was a private limited liability company ( besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid ) incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands on October 16,  2019  with  a  share  capital  of  0,01  euro  at  this  date. Following  the  signature  of  the  contribution  agreement  with TechnipFMC plc on January 31, 2021, TechnipFMC's Onshore/ Offshore business was contributed to Technip Energies N.V. in exchange for 4 499 999 ordinary shares of €0.01 issuance in the share capital of Technip Energies. At this date, Technip Energies  N.V.  was  converted  into  a  public  limited  liability company ( Naamloze Vennootschap ) incorporated and operating under the laws of the Netherlands. On February 6, 2021, new shares were created by reserve allocation, the new number of shares amounting to 175 313 880 with a nominal value of €0.01 each.

Listing and first admission to trading on Euronext in Paris of ordinary shares in the share capital of Technip Energies N.V. took place on February 16, 2021.

The company is registered at the Chamber of Commerce with registration number 76122654 and it has its statutory seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.

The company has no establishment in the Netherlands. The company address is: 2126, boulevard de La Défense CS10266 92741 Nanterre France.

Technip Energies N.V. costs mainly comprise of management activities  and  cost  of  the  headquarters  office  at  Nanterre (France) of which part is recharged to Group companies.

Management fees and other corporate recharges are recognized in the financial year in which services are rendered to the entities and the costs are incurred.

## Principles for the measurement of assets and liabilities and the determination of the result

The stand-alone financial statements were  prepared in accordance with the statutory provisions of Part 9, Volume 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and the firm pronouncements of the 'Raad voor de Jaarverslaggeving'. Technip Energies N.V. uses the  option  provided  in  section  2:362  (8)  of  the  Dutch  Civil Code in that the principles for the recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities  and  determination  of result  (hereinafter  referred  to  as  principles  for  recognition and  measurement)  of  the  separate  financial  statements  of Technip Energies N.V. are the same as those applied for the consolidated financial statements. These principles also include the classification and presentation of financial instruments, being equity instruments or financial liabilities. The consolidated financial statements are prepared according to the standards set by the International Accounting  Standards  Board  and  adopted  by  the  European Union  (referred  to  as  EU-IFRS).  Reference  is  made  to  the notes to the consolidated financial statements (8.1.6. Note 1. Accounting principles) for a description of these principles.

As a consequence of the Spin-off described in the paragraph above, the Company changed its accounting principles from Dutch GAAP to the accounting principles of the consolidated financial  statements  as  explained  above;  however,  this  did not  result  in  a  change  of  the  measurement  in  assets  and liabilities.

In case no  other policies are mentioned,  refer to the accounting policies as described in the accounting policies in the consolidated financial statements of this Annual Report. For  an  appropriate  interpretation,  the  company  financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.

## Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

Consolidated subsidiaries are all entities (including intermediate subsidiaries) over which  the  company  has control. The company controls an entity when it is exposed, or  has  rights,  to  variable  returns  from  its  involvement  with the  subsidiary  and  has  the  ability  to  affect  those  returns through its power  over  the subsidiary. Subsidiaries are recognized from the date on which control is transferred to the company or its intermediate holding entities.

They are derecognized from the date that control ceases.

Investments in consolidated subsidiaries are measured at net asset value. Net asset value is based on the measurement of assets,  provisions  and  liabilities  and  determination  of  profit based on the principles applied in the consolidated financial statements.  Investments  in  Group  companies,  over  which control is exercised, are stated on the basis of the net asset value.

## Separation and Distribution Agreement

Technip Energies N.V. and TechnipFMC entered into a Separation and Distribution Agreement on January 7, 2021. Pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, the following assets and liabilities were contributed to Technip Energies N.V.:

| (In millions of €)  2021  Financial fixed assets  2,732.0  Provisions  (27.0)  Loans and borrowings  (1,442.2)  Other current liabilities  (75.4)  NET ASSET CONTRIBUTED  1,187.4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The assets and liabilities contributed have been measured according to the same accounting principles as those used in the consolidated financial statements.

## Taxation

Corporate tax is payable on taxable profits at amounts expected to be paid, or recovered, under the tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. Reference is made to note 8.2.4.2. Deferred tax asset and 8.2.4.12. Income tax of Technip Energies company financial statements.

The  equity method  is  used  for joint ventures and  for investments over which Technip Energies exercises a significant influence on operational and financial policies.

Results on transactions, involving the transfer of assets and liabilities between Technip Energies N.V. and its participating interests  or  between  participating  interests  themselves,  are not incorporated insofar as they are deemed to be unrealized.

As  those  financial  statements  were  prepared  applying  the equity method, goodwill is presented together with investment in subsidiaries net asset value.

<!-- image -->

## 8.2.4.  NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the company financial statements.

## ● Contents of notes

| 8.2.4.1.  Financial fixed assets  319  8.2.4.2.  Deferred tax asset  322  8.2.4.3.  Other receivables  322  8.2.4.4.  Cash and cash equivalents  322  8.2.4.5.  Shareholders' equity  322  8.2.4.6.  Provisions  325  8.2.4.7.  Loans and borrowing  326  8.2.4.8.  Other current liabilities  326  8.2.4.9.  Revenue  326  8.2.4.10.  General and administrative expenses  327  8.4.2.11.  Financial income and expenses  327  8.2.4.12.  Income tax  327  8.2.4.13.  Commitments and contingencies  328  8.2.4.14.  Board of Directors remuneration  329  8.2.4.15.  Number of employees  331  8.2.4.16.  Independent audit fees  331  8.2.4.17.  Events after end of reporting  331   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8.2.4.1. Financial fixed assets

The movements in the financial fixed assets are as follows:

| (In millions of €)  Investments  in  subsidiaries  Investments  in associates  and joint  ventures  Other  investments  and quoted  equity  instruments  at FVTPL  Loans  Deposits  Total  Balance at January 1, 2021  -  -  22.3  -  -  22.3  Contribution from TechnipFMC (1)  2,697.6  4.2  9.4  20.7  0.2  2,732.0  Result of Group companies  273.2  33.1  -  -  -  306.3  Acquisitions  2.3  -  -  -  -  2.3  Divestments and capital  repayments  (8.2)  -  -  -  -  (8.2)  Purchase of deposits through  liquidity contract  -  -  -  -  6.5  6.5  Share in other comprehensive  income  (5.1)  7.3  -  -  -  2.2  Change in quoted equity  instruments at FVTPL  -  -  (6.4)  -  -  (6.4)  Interest accrued/ paid  -  -  -  (0.1)  -  (0.1)  Foreign currency variations  39.8  0.3  -  -  -  40.1  Dividends received  (120.6)  -  -  -  -  (120.6)  Other  0.9  -  -  -  -  0.9  Movements  2,879.9  44.9  3.0  20.6  6.7  2,955.0  Balance at December 31, 2021  2,879.9  44.9  25.3  20.6  6.7  2,977.2   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Capital contribution value corresponds to the net asset value of the affiliates as of the contribution date.

| (In millions of €)  Investments  in  subsidiaries  Investments  in associates  and joint  ventures  Other  investments  and quoted  equity  instruments  at FVTPL  Loans  Deposits  Total  Balance at January 1, 2022  2,879.9  44.9  25.3  20.6  6.7  2,977.2  Result of Group companies  256.3  78.1  334.4  Acquisitions  15.0  15.0  Capital increase  14.9  14.9  Divestments and capital  repayments  (0.1)  (0.1)  Purchase of deposits through  liquidity contract  3.2  3.2  Share in other comprehensive  income  19.2  1.0  20.2  Change in quoted equity  instruments at FVTPL  (0.1)  (0.1)  Interest accrued/ paid  (0.6)  (0.6)  Foreign currency variations  20.5  0.7  21.2  Dividends received  (176.8)  (52.8)  (229.6)  Loan refund  (20.0)  (20.0)  Other  0.8  (0.2)  0.6  Movements  149.9  26.7  (0.1)  (20.6)  3.2  159.1  Balance at December 31, 2022  3,029.8  71.6  25.2  -  9.9  3,136.5   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All receivables included under the financial assets fall due in more than one year. The loan to Engineering Re of €20.6 million was fully refunded in 2022.

<!-- image -->

An overview of the Company's direct investments required under Articles 2:379 of the Dutch Civil Code is given below:

## Subsidiaries

| AUSTRALIA  T.EN Australia and New-Zealand Pty Ltd  1120 Hay St, West Perth WA 6005  100  CHINA  T.EN Chemical Engineering (Tianjin) Co.,  Ltd.  10  th  Floor - Yunhai Mansion 200031 Shanghai  100  COLOMBIA  Tipiel, S.A.  Calle 38 # 8-62 Piso 3 Santafe de Bogota D.C.  7.2  FRANCE  Clecel SAS  2126 Boulevard de La Défense Immeuble Origine-CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  Cybernetix SAS  Technopôle de Château-Gombert 13382 Marseille Cedex 13  100  Middle East Projects International (T.EN  Mepi)  2126 Boulevard de La Défense Immeuble Origine-CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  Safrel  2126 Boulevard de La Défense Immeuble Origine-CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  T.EN Catering Services SAS  2126 Boulevard de La Défense Immeuble Origine-CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  T.EN Corporate Services SAS  2126 Boulevard de La Défense Immeuble Origine-CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  T.EN Eurocash SNC  2126 Boulevard de La Défense Immeuble Origine-CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  96  Technip Energies France SA  2126 Boulevard de La Défense Immeuble Origine-CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  T.EN Engineering SAS  2126 Boulevard de La Défense Immeuble Origine-CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  T.EN NET SAS  2126 Boulevard de La Défense Immeuble Origine-CS 10266  92741 Nanterre Cedex  100  Cyxplus  Technopôle de Château-Gombert 13382 Marseille Cedex 13  0.01  SCI les Bessons  Technopôle de Château-Gombert 13382 Marseille Cedex 13  0.03  ITALY  Technip Energies Italy S.P.A.  68, Viale Castello della Magliana 00148 Rome  100  MALAYSIA  T.EN Far East Sdn Bhd  Suite 13.03, 13  th  Floor 207 Jalan Tun Razak Kuala Lumpur 50400  100  T.EN Consultant (M) Sdn. Bhd  Suite 13.03, 13  th  Floor 207 Jalan Tun Razak 50400 Kuala Lumpur  25  Technip Energies (M) Sdn. Bhd.  Suite 13.03, 13  th  Floor 207 Jalan Tun Razak 50400 Kuala Lumpur  30  MEXICO  T.EN de Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V.  Blvd. Manuel Ávila Camacho 36, Piso 10, Torre Esmeralda II, Col.  Lomas de Chapultepec, Miguel Hidalgo, 11000, Ciudad de  México, Mexico  50  NETHERLANDS  Technip Energies International B.V.  Afrikaweg 30 Zoetermeer 2713 AW  100  NEW-CALEDONIA - FRENCH  OVERSEAS TERRITORY  T.EN Nouvelle-Calédonie SAS  27 bis Avenue du Maréchal Foch - Galerie Center Foch -  Centre-Ville B.P. 4460 98847 Nouméa  100  NORWAY  Inocean AS  B Ryggegata 3 0250 Oslo  100  Kanfa AS  Nye Vakas vei 80 1395 Hvalstad  100  Company Name  Address  Interest held in %  as of December  31,2022   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Subsidiaries

| PANAMA  T.EN Overseas S.A.  East 53  rd  Street Marbella, Humboldt Tower 2  nd  Floor Panama  100  RUSSIAN FEDERATION  Technip Energies Rus LLC  266 Litera O, Ligovsky Prospect 196084 St Petersburg  99.98  SINGAPORE  Technip Energies Singapore Pte. Ltd.  149 Gul Circle - 629605 Singapore  100  SPAIN  Technip Energies Iberia, S.A.  Building n° 8 - Floor 4  th  Plaça de la Pau s/n World Trade Center -  Almeda Park - Cornellà de Llobregat 08940 Barcelona  100  SWITZERLAND  Engineering Re AG  Vulkanstrasse 106 8048 Zurich  100  VENEZUELA  Inversiones Dinsa CA  Avenida Principal de La Urbina, calle 1 con calle 2, Centro  Empresarial INECOM, piso 1, oficina 1-1 La Urbina, Minicipio  Sucre, 1070, Caracas, Venezuela  100  VIETNAM  T.EN Vietnam Co., Ltd.  7F, Centec Tower Building 72-74 Nguyen Thi Minh Khai Street  and 143-145B Hai Ba Trung Street, Ward 6, District 3, Ho Chi Minh  City  100  Company Name  Address  Interest held in %  as of December  31,2022   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Associates and joint ventures

| Company Name  Address  Interest held in  % as of December  31, 2022  BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA  Petrolinvest, D.D. Sarajevo  Tvornicka 3 71000 Sarajevo  33.01  NORWAY  Marine Offshore AS  Vollsveien 17A 1327 Lysaker  51  PORTUGAL  TSKJ Servicos de Engenharia Lda  Avenida Arriaga, numero trinta, terceiro andar - H, Freguesia da  Sé, Concelho do Funchal, 9000-064, Funchal, Portugal  25   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other investments and quoted equity instruments

| Company Name  Address  Interest held in  % as of December  31, 2022  FRANCE  Mc Phy Energy SA  1115, route de Saint Thomas 26190 La Motte Fanjas  2.45  GERMANY  HY2GEN AG  Klingholzstraße , 65189 Wiesbaden  8.33  MALAYSIA  Malaysia Marine &amp; Heavy Engineering  Holdings Bhd  PLO 3, Jalan Pekeliling Pasir Gudang, 81700 Malaysia  8.5  LUXEMBOURG  FreelTech A.G.  25A Boulevard Royal, L - 2449 Luxembourg Grand-Duche du  Luxembourg  10  SPAIN  Exponential Renewables S.L (X1 winds)  Avenida Pedralbes, 18 - 20 esc. B P. 3 PTA. 1 08034, Barcelona  16.31   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 8.2.4.2. Deferred tax asset

## Deferred tax income

The tax rate utilized to compute deferred taxes depends on the location of the underlying transaction. Although registered  in  the  Netherlands,  Technip  Energies  N.V.  is  tax resident in France, so that the transactions are tax effected using the French tax rate.

Technip  Energies  N.V.  earnings  are  subject  to  the  French statutory  rate  which  is  25.83%  starting  2021  and  onwards. Technip Energies N.V. is the head of the French tax consolidated group.

A deferred tax asset is recognized on the tax losses of the French tax consolidated group which can be carried forward and  are  expected  to  be  recovered  based  on  anticipated future  taxable  profits  within  the  French  tax  consolidated group. The tax losses recognized for the years until 2021 can be carried forward for an unlimited period of time.

## 8.2.4.3. Other receivables

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Amounts owed by Group Companies  93.5  74.4  Current income tax receivables  (1)  60.2  0.3  Other debtors  13.0  17.3  Prepaid expenses  14.4  15.8  TOTAL  181.1  107.8   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Income tax installments paid in 2022 exceed the final tax due. This balance will be refunded to Technip Energies N.V. by French tax authority in June 2023.

Other receivables fall due in less than one year. The fair value of the receivables reasonably approximates the book value, due to their short-term character.

## 8.2.4.4. Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents are at Technip Energies N.V.'s free disposal.

## 8.2.4.5. Shareholders' equity

## Share capital

As  of  December  31,  2022,  Technip  Energies  N.V.  had  179,827,459  common  shares  issued  with  a  nominal  value  of  €0.01  per share.

Changes in shares outstanding are as follows:

| (In number of shares)  Ordinary Shares  Treasury Shares  Number of shares at January 1, 2021  1  0  Issuance of shares - Contribution  4,499,999  0  Issuance of shares - Reserve allocation  175,313,880  0  Issuance of shares - Share-based payment  13,579  0  Purchase of shares - Share-based payment  0  1,801,802  Net Purchase of shares through liquidity contract  0  210,334  NUMBER OF SHARES AT DECEMBER 31, 2021  179,827,459  2,012,136  Purchase of shares - Share-based payment  4,418,945  Delivery of shares - Share-based payment  -742,269  Net Purchase of shares through liquidity contract  -201,434  NUMBER OF SHARES AT DECEMBER 31, 2022  179,827,459  5,487,378   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2021, €18.1 million of deferred tax assets on carried forward loss has been recognized and recorded in the accounts.

In  2022,  the  amount  of  €15.7  million  of  this  tax  asset  on losses  carried  forward  has  been  used  to  offset  taxable incomes of the French Tax consolidated group.

As of December 31, 2022, the balance of Deferred tax assets amounts to € 2.7 million, including €2.4 million of deferred tax asset on losses carried forward and deferred tax asset on pension for €0.3 million.

On May 3, 2021, the Group acquired 1,801,802 shares in the share capital of the Company from TechnipFMC at €11.10 per share  for  a  total  value  of  €20.0  million.  On  July  9,  2021, Technip  Energies  N.V.  announced  the  implementation  of  a liquidity  agreement  to  enhance  the  liquidity  of  Technip Energies'  shares  admitted  to  trading  on  Euronext  Paris  by maintaining a reasonable average daily turnover reducing bidask spread and monitoring volatility. On January 14, 2022, the Group acquired 1,800,000 shares in the share capital of the Company  from  TechnipFMC  at  €13.15  per  share  for  a  total value of €23.7 million.

The movements in Shareholders' equity are as follows:

Issued

| (In millions of €)  share  capital  Share  premium  Treasury  shares  Legal  reserve  Retained  earnings  Share based  compensation  Profit of  the period  Total  Balance at January 1, 2021  -  -  -  -  -  -  7.0  7.0  Appropriation of the result of  preceding year  -  -  -  -  7.0  -  (7.0)  -  Capital increase  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Net profit of the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  244.6  244.6  Net contribution from /  (distribution to) TechnipFMC  1.8  941.6  -  (119.5)  351.8  11.8  -  1,187.4  Translation reserve change of  the year  -  -  -  55.8  -  -  -  55.8  Cash flow hedges change of  the year  -  -  -  (15.6)  -  -  -  (15.6)  Value of employee services  -  -  -  -  -  17.3  -  17.3  Acquisition of treasury shares  -  -  (22.5)  -  -  -  -  (22.5)  Non distributable share in  profit and other gains  regarding associates and joint  ventures  -  -  -  41.2  (41.2)  -  -  -  Other  -  -  -  -  2.2  -  -  2.2  Movements  1.8  941.6  (22.5)  (38.1)  319.8  29.1  237.6  1,469.3  BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31,  2021  1.8  941.6  (22.5)  (38.1)  319.8  29.1  244.6  1,476.2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Between March and September 2022, the group acquired a total  of  2,618,945  shares  through  the  implementation  of shares' purchase program. Treasury shares are held in order to  serve  performance  share  plans  that  are  granted  to  its employees. In 2022 a total of 742,269 shares were delivered to group employees and board members subsequent to the vesting of incentive plans.

The  cash  resources  allocated  to  the  liquidity  agreement  is €9.0  million.  As  part  of  this  agreement,  on  December  31, 2022,  the  Group  holds  8,900  shares  in  the  capital  of  the Company for a total value of €0.1 million.

<!-- image -->

| (In millions of €)  Issued  share  capital  Share  premium  Treasury  shares  Legal  reserve  Retained  earnings  Share based  compensation  Profit of  the period  Total  Balance at January 1, 2022  1.8  941.6  (22.5)  (38.1)  319.8  29.1  244.6  1,476.2  Appropriation of the result of  preceding year  244.6  (244.6)  -  Capital increase  -  Net profit of the year  306.3  306.3  Translation reserve change of  the year  10.9  10.9  Cash flow hedges change of  the year  9.8  9.8  Dividends  (79.0)  (79.0)  Other comprehensive income  change of the year  20.5  20.5  Value of employee services  16.7  16.7  Treasury shares  (41.7)  (8.5)  (50.2)  Non distributable share in  profit and other gains  regarding associates and joint  ventures  25.2  (25.2)  -  Other  1.2  1.2  Movements  -  -  (41.7)  45.9  153.6  16.7  61.7  236.2  BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31,  2022  1.8  941.6  (64.2)  7.8  473.4  45.8  306.3  1,712.4   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Difference in equity and profit/loss between the company and consolidated financial statements

The 2021 difference between the consolidated equity and Company equity is presented below:

| (In millions of €)  Equity in the  company  financial  statements  Differences in  equity between  the company and  consolidated  financial  statements  Equity in the  consolidated  financial  statements  Invested equity as of January 1, 2021  7.0  1,802.8  1,809.8  Net profit (loss)  244.6  -  244.6  Other comprehensive income (loss)  43.5  -  43.5  Net contribution from distribution to TechnipFMC  1,187.4  (1,802.8)  (615.4)  Share-based compensation  17.3  11.8  29.1  Treasury shares  (22.5)  -  (22.5)  Other  (1.1)  (11.8)  (12.9)  INVESTED EQUITY AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021  1,476.2  -  1,476.2   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022, there is no difference between the consolidated equity and company equity:

| (In millions of €)  Equity in the  company  financial  statements  Differences in  equity between  the company and  consolidated  financial  statements  Equity in the  consolidated  financial  statements  Invested equity as of January 1, 2022  1,476.2  -  1,476.2  Net profit (loss)  306.3  -  306.3  Other comprehensive income (loss)  41.2  -  41.2  Share-based compensation  16.7  -  16.7  Dividends paid  (79.0)  (79.0)  Treasury shares  (50.2)  -  (50.2)  Other  1.2  -  1.2  INVESTED EQUITY AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022  1,712.4  -  1,712.4   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Legal reserves

The legal reserves can be broken down as follows:

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Translation reserve  (64.2)  (75.1)  Cash flow hedges  5.5  (4.2)  Non distributable share in profit and other gains regarding associates and joint  ventures  66.5  41.2  TOTAL  7.8  (38.1)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The reserve for translation differences concerns all exchange rate  differences  arising  from  the  translation  of  the  net investment in foreign entities.

## Proposed appropriation of result

Article  10  of  the  Articles  of  Association  stipulates,  among other things, that the Board of directors shall annually decide which  part  of  the  profit  shall  be  allocated  to  the  reserves.

## 8.2.4.6. Provisions

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Provisions for pensions and other employee benefits  1.4  1.7  Provisions for liabilities guarantee  (1)  -  9.1  Provisions for lawsuit contingency  (1)  21.0  18.7  TOTAL PROVISIONS  22.4  29.5   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) In connection with the Spin-off, Technip Energies N.V. and TechnipFMC entered into a Separation and Distribution Agreement on January 7, 2021. Pursuant to this agreement, certain lawsuits and provisions were transferred to Technip Energies N.V.

In 2022, all provisions can be classified as non-current (longer than one year). For more information on provisions for lawsuit contingency and provision guarantee, please refer to Note 25. Provisions (non-current and current) of the consolidated financial statements.

The remaining part of the profit shall be at the disposal of the  Annual  General  Meeting.  The  profit  attributable  to  the equity holders of the Company for fiscal year 2022 amounts to €306.3 million. The board of directors proposes to add an amount of €209.9 million to retained earnings and to present for  approval  to  the  Annual  General  Meeting  its  proposal  to distribute in cash a dividend amount of €91.2 million, which represents a dividend of €0.52 per share.

<!-- image -->

## 8.2.4.7. Loans and borrowing

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Notes  594.0  594.0  Accrued interests - Bonds (non-current)  1.3  0.5  TOTAL NON CURRENT LIABILITIES  595.3  594.5  Accrued interests - Bonds (current)  4.0  4.0  Accrued interests - Bank borrowing  0.2  0.1  Financial debts and liabilities with Group companies  (1)  855.3  885.1  TOTAL LOANS AND BORROWING (CURRENT)  859.5  889.2   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Current account with Group cash pooling entity bearing interests at Libor +0.40%.

Refer to Note 22.: Debt (long and short-term) for more details and notes of the consolidated financial statements.

## 8.2.4.8. Other current liabilities

| (In millions of €)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Trade payables  5.1  15.6  Amounts owed to Group companies  54.0  56.6  Payroll costs and social security charges  5.2  6.1  Current income tax payable  2.3  -  Tax consolidation payable  (1)  24.5  -  Other creditors  (2)  39.7  35.8  TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES  130.8  114.0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) This is the balance of Income tax due to French subsidiaries, which are part of Tax consolidation group. It represents the difference between Income tax advances paid by subsidiaries during the year and the actual income tax due by subsidiaries in 2022.

(2) Including  €26.7  million  liability  in  relation  to  the  Spin-off.  Technip  Energies  N.V.  and  TechnipFMC  entered  into  a  Separation  and  Distribution Agreement on January 7, 2021. Pursuant to this agreement, certain liabilities were incurred by Technip Energies N.V.

The other current liabilities fall  due  in  less  than  one  year.  The  fair  value  of  other  current  liabilities  approximates  the  book value, due to their short-term character.

## 8.2.4.9. Revenue

Revenue comprises of management fees and other corporate costs recharged to the group companies.

## 8.2.4.10.   General and administrative expenses

| (In millions of €)  2022  2021  Employee Benefits  (24.9)  (26.7)  Services rendered by subsidiaries  (129.3)  (112.8)  External fees and other  (32.1)  (63.8)  TOTAL GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  (186.3)  (203.2)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Wages and salaries

| (In millions of €)  2022  2021  Wages and salaries  (6.1)  (6.1)  Social security charges  (1.9)  (2.5)  Costs with respect to Long-Term incentive Awards(1)  (16.7)  (17.3)  Pension contributions  (0.1)  (0.1)  Other employee costs  (0.1)  (0.7)  TOTAL EMPLOYEE BENEFITS  (24.9)  (26.7)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The cost with respect to Long-Term incentive Awards is related to all group employees.

## 8.4.2.11. Financial income and expenses

| (In millions of €)  2022  2021  Interest Income/(charges)  (1)  (12.8)  (7.8)  Foreign exchange gain/(loss)  (3.1)  (1.3)  Revaluation of quoted equity instruments  (0.1)  (6.1)  Other Financial Income/(expenses)  -  0.1  TOTAL FINANCIAL INCOME AND EXPENSES  (16.0)  (15.1)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Including €0.8 million in 2021 and €(3.9) million in 2022 relating to group entities.

## 8.2.4.12. Income tax

Income tax is calculated based on the income before taxes, taking  into  account  temporary  and  permanent  differences. Technip  Energies  N.V.  net  income  is  subject  to  the  French statutory rate which is 25.83% in 2022 and onwards.

The French companies of the group form a tax consolidated group  headed  by  Technip  Energies  NV.  According  to  the French tax law, Technip Energies NV is solely liable toward French tax authorities for the corporate income tax due for the  entire  tax  consolidated  group.  However,  every  French affiliate  member  of  the  French  tax  consolidated  group  is liable toward Technip Energies NV for the corporate income tax resulting from the taxation of its share in the consolidated group taxable income. Therefore, every French affiliate member  of  the  French  tax  consolidated group recognize  a  corporate  income  tax  liability  based  on  their taxable profit.

## Income tax reconciliation

The reconciliation between taxes calculated using the statutory  tax  rate  applicable  to  Technip  Energies  and  the amount of tax effectively recognized in the income statement is as follows:

<!-- image -->

| (In millions of €)  Notes  2022  2021  Profit/(Loss) before taxation  8.2.2.  (45.4)  (79.7)  French standard rate  25.8 %  25.8 %  Theoretical income tax expense  11.7  20.6  Effects of:  Benefit of the tax consolidation  7.2  -  Change in quoted equity instruments at FVTPL  (0.1)  (1.6)  Gains/Losses on purchase/disposal of financial assets  (0.2)  -  Equity compensation  -  0.5  Share of expense allocated to dividends received  (0.8)  (1.5)  Others  (0.5)  -  TAX (EXPENSE)/INCOME  8.2.2.  17.3  18.0  EFFECTIVE TAX RATE  38.1 %  22.6 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8.2.4.13. Commitments and contingencies

## Company and bank guarantees

Technip Energies N.V. has issued guarantees for contractual obligations to complete and deliver projects for the account of several Group companies, and fulfillment of other obligations. Guarantees given by Technip Energies N.V. consist  of  bank  guarantees  for  a  total  amount  of  €1,186 million  and  parental  company guarantee for a total amount of €29,968 million as of December 31, 2022. In 2021 bank and parental  company  guarantees  amounted  to  €822.4  million and  €24,617  million  respectively.  Please  refer  to  Note  29. Commitments and contingent  liabilities  of  the  consolidated financial statements.

## Contingent liabilities

Technip Energies N.V. committed to provide all the requisite financial support to ensure that the subsidiaries listed below can continue as a going concern and meet all liabilities and obligations  as  they  fall  due.  This  support  is  provided  for  at least  the  next  twelve  months  from  the  date  that  the Directors  approved  and  signed  the  most  recent  financial statements:

| Middle East Projects International (T.EN Mepi)  T.EN. NET SAS  Cybernetix SAS  CyXplus SAS  T.EN International UK LTD  Genesis Oil &amp; Gas Consultants Ltd  Genesis Oil &amp; Gas Ltd  Cybernetix S.R.I.S Limited  T.EN E&amp;C Ltd  T.EN PMC Services Ltd  T.EN HOLDINGS Limited  Genesis Oil &amp; Gas Consultants Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.  T.EN Vietnam Co., Ltd.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8.2.4.14. Board of Directors remuneration

## Remuneration of Executive Director

The  total  remuneration  cost  of  the  Executive  Director  amounted  respectively  to  €4,657.2  thousands  in  2021  and  €5,068.2 thousands in 2022.

(In thousands of €)

| Arnaud Pieton  2022  2021  Wages and salaries  900.0  787.0  Annual Incentives  1,131.9  1,260.0  Social security charges  914.3  921.2  Costs with respect to Long-Term incentive Awards  2,122.0  1,689.0  Pension contributions  -  -  TOTAL REMUNERATION COST  5,068.2  4,657.2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The annual incentive 2021 was paid in 2022. The annual Incentive for 2022 will be paid in 2023.

## Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors

(In thousands of €)

| 2022 Non-Executive Directors  Directors  Salaries and  fringe benefits  Annual  Incentives  Long-Term  incentive  Awards  Pension related  benefits  Total 2022  Arnaud Caudoux (Audit) (1)  -  -  -  -  -  Colette Cohen (Compensation,  ESG) (2)  86.2  86.2  Pascal Colombani (ESG Chair)  (3)  39.1  48.3  87.4  Marie-Ange Debon (Audit Chair)  122.0  48.3  170.3  Simon Eyers (Audit)  104.0  48.3  152.3  Alison Goligher (Compensation  Chair, ESG)  130.5  48.3  178.8  Didier Houssin (ESG Chair)  112.2  48.3  160.5  Joseph Rinaldi (Non-Executive  Chair, Audit, Compensation)  (4)  260.0  48.3  308.3  Nello Uccelletti (Compensation)  104.0  48.3  152.3  Francesco Venturini  (Audit)  (5)  68.1  -  68.1  TOTAL  1,026.1  -  338.1  -  1,364.2   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Mr. Arnaud Caudoux waived his cash and equity remuneration because of the policies of his employer, Bpifrance.

(2) Ms. Colette Cohen attended the February 28 and April 21, 2022 Board Session as an Observer and received €9,092 in fees.

(3) Mr. Colombani stood down at the AGM on May 5, 2022.

(4) Mr Rinaldi stepped down from the Audit and Compensation Committees following the conclusion of the AGM on May 5, 2022.

(5) Mr. Francesco Venturini joined the Board at the AGM on May 5, 2022.

Effective March 1, 2022, the total remuneration for the Non-Executive Directors was modified in structure by eliminating the award of Restricted Stock.

<!-- image -->

(In thousands of €)

## 2021 Non-Executive Directors

| Directors  Salaries and  fringe benefits  Annual  Incentives  Long-Term  incentive  Awards  Pension related  benefits  Total 2021  Arnaud Caudoux (1)  -  -  -  -  -  Pascal Colombani (ESG Chair)  95.5  -  111.7  -  207.2  Marie-Ange Debon (Audit Chair)  102.2  -  111.7  -  213.9  Simon Eyers (Audit)  88.5  -  111.7  -  200.2  Alison Goligher (Compensation  Chair, ESG)  109.4  -  111.7  -  221.1  Didier Houssin (ESG Chair)  88.5  -  111.7  -  200.2  Joseph Rinaldi (Non-Executive  Chair, Audit, Compensation)  137.8  -  111.7  -  249.5  Nello Uccelletti (Compensation)  88.5  -  111.7  -  200.2  Francesco Venturini  -  -  -  -  -  Total  710.4  -  781.9  -  1,492.3   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Mr. Arnaud Caudoux waived his cash and equity remuneration because of the policies of his employer, Bpifrance.

Ms Colette Cohen attended the February 28 and April 21, 2022 Board Session as an Observer and received €4,223 in fees.

No  payments  for  termination  were  made  neither  in  2021  nor  in  2022  to  any  Board  members.  For  an  explanation  of  the Remuneration Policy, see the Remuneration report at chapter 6.

## 8.2.4.15. Number of employees

The 9 employees of Technip Energies N.V. are members of the Executive Committee. These employees are located outside of the Netherlands.

## 8.2.4.16. Independent audit fees

For the audit fees relating to the procedures applied to Technip Energies N.V. and its consolidated group entities by accounting firms and external independent auditors, reference is made to Note 30. Auditor's remuneration of the consolidated financial statements.

## 8.2.4.17. Events after end of reporting

## Dividend

A dividend of €91.2 million (which equals to €0.52 per share, based on the number of shares outstanding less the expected number of treasury shares held at the dividends record date), will be proposed at the Annual General Meeting on May 10, 2023.

In addition please refer to Note 32. Subsequent events of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Executive Committee

- ■ Arnaud Pieton, Chief Executive Officer
- ■ Marco Villa, Chief Operating Officer
- ■ Bruno Vibert, Chief Financial Officer
- ■ Michael McGuinty, Chief Legal Officer
- ■ Wei Cai, Chief Technology Officer
- ■ Christophe Bélorgeot, Senior Vice President of Communications
- ■ Magali Castano, Senior Vice President People &amp; Culture
- ■ Samir Karoum, Chief Strategy &amp; Sustainability Officer
- ■ Alain Poincheval, Fellow Executive Project Director
- ■ Christophe Virondaud, Senior Vice President Commercial

## Board of Directors

- ■ Joseph Rinaldi, Chairman
- ■ Arnaud Pieton, Chief Executive Officer
- ■ Arnaud Caudoux
- ■ Marie-Ange Debon
- ■ Simon Eyers
- ■ Alison Goligher
- ■ Didier Houssin
- ■ Nello Uccelletti
- ■ Colette Cohen
- ■ Francesco Venturini

Nanterre, France March 10, 2023

<!-- image -->

## 8.2.5.  APPROPRIATION OF RESULT

## Articles of association governing profit appropriation

With regard to the appropriation of results, Article 10 of the Articles of Association provides as follows:

- ■ 10.1 Profit and loss. Distributions on Shares:
- 10.1.1  Distribution  of  dividends  pursuant  to  this  Article 10.1  will  take  place  after  the  adoption  of  the  Annual Accounts which show that the distribution is allowed,
- 10.1.2 The Company may make distributions on Shares only to the extent that its Shareholders' equity exceeds the  sum  of  the  paid-up  and  called-up  part  of  the capital and the reserves which must be maintained by Dutch law or the articles of association,
- 10.1.3 The Board may determine that any amount out of the profit will be added to the reserves,
- 10.1.4  The  profit  remaining  after  application  of  Article 10.1.3 will be at the disposal of the General Meeting,
- 10.1.5 The General Meeting may only resolve to make a distribution on Shares in kind or in the form of Shares at the proposal of the Board,
- 10.1.6 Subject to the other provisions of this Article 10.1, the General Meeting may, at the proposal of the Board, resolve to make distributions on Shares to the debit of one  or  several  reserves  which  the  Company  is  not prohibited  from  distributing  by  virtue  of  Dutch  law  or the articles of association,
- 10.1.7 For the purpose of calculating the amount of any distribution, Shares held by the Company shall not be taken  into  account.  No  distribution  shall  be  made  on Shares held by the Company, unless those Shares are encumbered  with  a  right  of  usufruct  or  a  right  of pledge;
- ■ 10.2 Interim distributions:
- 10.2.1 The Board may resolve to make interim distributions  on  Shares  if  an  interim  statement  of assets  and  liabilities  shows  that  the  requirement  of article 10.1.2 has been met,
- 10.2.2  The  interim  statement  of  assets  and  liabilities referred to in Article 10.2.1 relates to the condition of the assets and liabilities on a date no earlier than the first  day  of  the  third  month  preceding  the  month  in which  the  resolution  to  distribute  is  published.  This interim  statement  must  be  prepared  on  the  basis  of generally  acceptable  valuation  methods.  The  amounts to  be  reserved  under  Dutch  law  and  the  articles  of association  must  be  included  in  the  statement  of assets and liabilities. This statement must be signed by the  Directors.  If  one  or  more  of  their  signatures  are missing, this absence and the reason for this absence must be stated;
- ■ 10.3 Notices and payments:
- 10.3.1  Any  proposal  for  a  distribution  on  Shares  must immediately be published by the Board in accordance with the regulations of the stock exchange where the Shares  are  officially  listed  at  the  Company's  request. The  notification  must  specify  the  date  when  and  the manner in which the distribution will be payable or - in the case of a proposal for distribution - is expected to be made payable,
- 10.3.2 Distributions will be payable on the day determined by the Board. 10.3.3 The persons entitled to a distribution shall be the relevant Shareholders, holders of a right of usufruct on Shares and holders of a right of pledge on Shares, at a date to be determined by the Board for that purpose. This date shall not be earlier  than  the  date  on  which  the  distribution  was announced,
- 10.3.4 Distributions which have not been claimed upon the  expiry  of  five  years  and  one  day  after  the  date when  they  became  payable  will  be  forfeited  to  the Company and will be carried to the reserves,
- 10.3.5 The Board may determine that distributions will be made payable in euros or in another currency.

## 8.3.  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the General Meeting and the Board of Directors of Technip Energies N.V.

## REPORT ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022

## Our opinion

## In our opinion:

- ■ The consolidated financial statements of Technip Energies N.V. together with its subsidiaries ('the Group') give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group as at December 31, 2022 and of its result and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union ('EU-IFRS') and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code;
- ■ The company financial statements of Technip Energies N.V. ('the Company') give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2022 and of its result for the year then ended in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.

## What we have audited

We have audited the accompanying financial statements 2022 of Technip Energies N.V., Amsterdam. The financial statements include the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the company financial statements.

The consolidated financial statements comprise:

- ■ The consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2022;
- ■ The following statements for 2022: the consolidated statement of income, the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows; and
- ■ The notes, comprising a summary of the significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.

The company financial statements comprise:

- ■ The company balance sheet as at December 31, 2022;
- ■ The company income statement for the year then ended; and
- ■ The notes, comprising a summary of the accounting policies applied and other explanatory information.

The financial reporting framework applied in the preparation of the financial statements is EU-IFRS and the relevant provisions of Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code for the consolidated financial statements and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code for the company financial statements.

## The basis for our opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Dutch law, including the Dutch Standards on Auditing. We have further described our responsibilities under those standards in the section 'Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements' of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Independence

We are  independent  of  Technip  Energies  N.V.  in  accordance  with  the  European  Union  Regulation  on  specific  requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities, the 'Wet toezicht accountantsorganisaties' (Wta, Audit firms supervision act),  the  'Verordening  inzake  de  onafhankelijkheid  van  accountants  bij  assuranceopdrachten'  (ViO,  Code  of  Ethics  for Professional  Accountants,  a  regulation  with  respect  to  independence)  and  other  relevant  independence  regulations  in  the Netherlands. Furthermore, we have complied with the 'Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants' (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics).

## Our audit approach

We designed our audit procedures with respect to the key audit matters, fraud and going concern, and the matters resulting from that, in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole  and  in  forming  our  opinion  thereon.  The information in support of our opinion, such as our findings and observations related to individual key audit matters, the audit approach  to  fraud  risk  and  the  audit  approach  on  going  concern  was  addressed  in  this  context,  and  we  do  not  provide  a separate opinion or conclusion on these matters.

## Overview and context

Technip Energies N.V. is an engineering and technology company providing primarily design and project development services within the energy industry. The Group is comprised of several components and therefore we considered our group audit scope and approach as set out in the section 'The scope of our group audit'. We paid specific attention to the areas of focus driven by the operations of the Group, as set out below.

As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements. In particular, we considered where the board of directors made important judgements, for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain.

<!-- image -->

The conflict in Ukraine and sanctions imposed against Russia pose significant challenges to the Group's business activities and introduce a degree of uncertainty in relation to the projects with Russian customers. This affected our audit procedures as described in the section 'Key audit matters'.

In Note 1.7 to the financial statements, the Company describes the areas of judgement in applying accounting policies and the key  sources  of  estimation  uncertainty.  Given  the  significant  estimation  uncertainty  and  the  related  higher  inherent  risks  of material misstatement in revenue recognition and determination of estimated costs to complete for long-term contracts, we considered this matter as a key audit matter as set out in the section 'Key audit matters' of this report.

Other areas of focus, that were not considered as key audit matters, were management's goodwill impairment testing and actuarial assumptions in the accounting for pension and other post-retirement benefit plans.

Technip Energies N.V. assessed the possible effects of climate change on its financial position, refer to Note 1.8 'Other sources of  estimation  uncertainty'  where  the  Company  disclosed  the  risk  related  to  climate  change.  We  discussed  the  Group's assessment and governance thereof with management and evaluated the potential impact on the financial position including underlying assumptions and estimates. As noted in Note 1.8, climate change impacts the customers of the Group resulting in new business opportunities for the Company and has had no significant impacts on the financial statements. As such, the impact of climate change is not considered to represent a key audit matter.

We ensured that the audit teams at both group and component level included the appropriate skills and competences which are needed for the audit of a global engineering and technology company. We therefore included experts and specialists in the areas of, amongst others, IT, tax, valuation and actuarial expertise in our team.

The outline of our audit approach was as follows:

<!-- image -->

## Materiality

The scope of our audit  was  influenced  by  the  application  of  materiality,  which  is  further  explained  in  the  section 'Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements'.

Based  on  our  professional  judgement  we  determined  certain  quantitative  thresholds  for  materiality,  including  the  overall materiality  for  the  financial  statements  as  a  whole  as  set  out  in  the  table  below.  These,  together  with  qualitative considerations,  helped  us  to  determine  the  nature,  timing  and  extent  of  our  audit  procedures  on  the  individual  financial statement line items and disclosures and to evaluate the effect of identified misstatements, both individually and in aggregate, on the financial statements as a whole and on our opinion.

| Overall group materiality  €45 million (2021: €45 million)  Basis for determining  materiality  We used  our  professional  judgement  to  determine  overall  materiality.  As  a  basis  for  our  judgement, we used 0.7% of revenue.  Rationale for benchmark  applied  We used revenue as the primary benchmark, a generally accepted auditing practice, based  on our analysis of the common information needs of the users of the financial statements.  On this basis, we believe that revenue is an important metric for the financial performance  of the Group. We also considered other benchmarks, including profit before tax, EBITDA and  total assets.  Component materiality  Based on our judgement, we allocated materiality to each component in our audit scope  that  is  less  than  our  overall  group  materiality.  The  range  of  materiality  allocated  across  components was between €10 and €30 million.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We also take misstatements and/or possible misstatements into account that, in our judgement, are material for qualitative reasons.

We agreed with the audit committee that we would report to them any misstatement identified during our audit above

€4.5  million  (2021:  €4.5  million)  as  well  as  misstatements  below  that  amount  that,  in  our  view,  warranted  reporting  for qualitative reasons.

## The scope of our group audit

Technip Energies N.V. is the parent company of a group of entities. The financial information of this group is included in the consolidated financial statements of Technip Energies N.V.

We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we, in aggregate, provide sufficient coverage of the financial statements for us to be able to give an opinion on the financial statements as a whole, taking into account the management structure of the Group,  the  nature  of  operations  of  its  components,  the  accounting  processes  and  controls,  and  the  markets  in  which  the components of the Group operate. In establishing the overall group audit strategy and plan, we determined the type of work required to be performed at component level by the group engagement team and by each component auditor.

The  group  audit  primarily  focused  on  the  significant  components  of  Technip  Energies  N.V.,  which  include  group  entities  in France and Italy. Note that most of the significant projects of the Group are managed centrally out of France. We subjected four components in these countries to audits of their complete financial information, as those components are individually financially  significant  to  the  Group.  Additionally,  we  selected  six  components  for  specified  audit  procedures  to  achieve appropriate coverage on financial line items in the consolidated financial statements.

In total, in performing these procedures, we achieved the following coverage on the financial line items:

| Revenue  72 %  Total assets  81 %  Profit before tax  69 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|

None  of  the  remaining  components  represented  more  than  3%  of  total  group  revenue  or  total  group  assets.  For  those remaining  components  we  performed,  among  other  things,  analytical  procedures  to  corroborate  our  assessment  that  there were no significant risks of material misstatements within those components.

The group engagement team performed the audit work on the financial information of the Company. For the other components we used component auditors who are familiar with the local laws and regulations to perform the audit work.

Where component auditors performed the work, we determined the level of involvement we needed to have in their work to be able  to  conclude  whether  we  had  obtained  sufficient  and  appropriate  audit  evidence  as  a  basis  for  our  opinion  on  the consolidated financial statements as a whole.

We issued instructions to the component audit teams in our audit scope. These instructions included amongst others our risk analysis, materiality and the scope of the work. We explained to the component audit teams the structure of the Group, the main developments that were relevant for the component auditors, the risks identified, the materiality levels to be applied and our global audit approach. We had individual in person or virtual meetings with each of the in-scope component audit teams both during the year and upon conclusion of their work. During these meetings, we discussed the significant accounting and audit issues identified by the component auditors, their reports, the findings of their procedures and other matters, that could be of relevance for the consolidated financial statements.

The group engagement team visits the component teams and local management on a rotational basis and taking into account the significance of individual components to the group. In the current year, the group engagement team visited the French and Italian  component  teams  given  their  relative  importance  in  total  group  revenue.  For  these  component  teams,  we  reviewed working papers of higher risk areas. The interaction with the other component teams was on a virtual basis only. Throughout the  audit  process  sufficient  interaction  took  place  with  all  component  teams  considering  the  significance  of  individual components to the group. The group audit team attended in person or virtual meetings with local management and with the component auditors of all full scope components, covering the most significant projects of the Group.

The  group  engagement  team  performed  the  audit  work  on  the  group  consolidation,  financial  statement  disclosures  and  a number  of  more  complex  items  at  the  head  office.  These  included  goodwill  impairment  testing,  litigation  and  actuarial assumptions in the accounting for pension and other post-retirement benefit plans (refer to Note 24.4). The group engagement team  also  performed  audit  procedures  over  the  central  IT  systems.  By  performing  the  procedures  outlined  above  at  the components, combined with additional procedures exercised at group level, we were able to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence on the Group's financial information, as a whole, to provide a basis for our opinion on the financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## Our audit approach to fraud risks

We identified and assessed the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements due to fraud. During our audit we obtained an understanding of the entity and its environment and the components of the system of internal control, including the risk assessment process and management's process for responding to the risks of fraud and monitoring the system of internal control and how the board of directors exercise oversight, as well as the outcomes.

We evaluated the design and relevant aspects of the system of internal control and in particular the fraud and anti-bribery and corruption risk  assessment, as well as amongst others, the code of conduct and whistle blower procedures. We discussed these  risk  assessments  with  the  Audit  Committee  and  the  Chief  Compliance  Officer.  We  evaluated  the  design  and  the implementation  and,  where  considered  appropriate,  tested  the  operating  effectiveness,  of  internal  controls  designed  to mitigate fraud risks. We considered available information and made inquiries of relevant executives and directors (including internal audit, legal and compliance) on whether they were aware of any actual or suspected fraud.

As  part  of  our  process  of  identifying  fraud  risks,  we  evaluated  fraud  risk  factors  with  respect  to  financial  reporting  fraud, misappropriation of assets and bribery and corruption. We evaluated whether these factors indicate that a risk of material misstatement due to fraud was present.

We evaluated each of these factors considering significance, likelihood and pervasiveness and assessed whether they indicated that a risk of material misstatement due to fraud was present. Based on our evaluation, we identified the following fraud risks and performed the following specific procedures:

## IDENTIFIED FRAUD RISKS

## Management override of controls

In  general,  management  is  in  a  unique  position  to  perpetrate fraud because of management's ability to manipulate accounting records and prepare fraudulent financial statements by  overriding  controls  that  otherwise  appear  to  be  operating effectively.

That is why we, in all our audits, pay attention to the risk of management  override  of  controls,  including  risks  of  potential misstatements due to fraud based on an analysis of potential interests of management.

In this respect, we gave specific consideration to:

- ■the appropriateness of journal entries and other adjustments made in the preparation of the financial statements;
- ■possible management bias in management's significant estimates; and
- ■significant transactions, if any, that were outside the normal course of business for the Group.

## Risk of fraud in revenue recognition

As  part  of  our  risk  assessment  and  based  on  a  presumption that there are risks of fraud in revenue  recognition,  we evaluated  which  types  of  revenue  transactions  or  assertions give rise to the risk of fraud in revenue recognition.

The Group enters into contracts that are considered complex from a revenue recognition perspective. We focused on those contracts which have a fixed  price element with low margins and/or significant contingencies. The revenue or loss recognition of those contracts is deemed to be most sensitive to management's cost to complete estimates.

Estimates  are  inherently  uncertain  and  might  be  subject  to management bias. Project directors may feel pressure or have an incentive to (mis)use estimates in order to satisfy stakeholders and reach key performance indicators.

## OUR AUDIT RESPONSE AND OBSERVATIONS

We evaluated the design and implementation of the internal control  measures  and,  where  relevant  to  our  audit,  tested the  effectiveness  of  the  measures  in  the  processes  of generating journal entries, making estimates, and monitoring projects.  We  also  paid  specific  attention  to  the  access safeguards  in  the  IT  system  and  the  possibility  that  these lead to violations of the segregation of duties.

We  selected  journal  entries  based  on  risk  criteria  and conducted  specific  audit  activities  for  these  entries.  These procedures included, amongst others, agreeing the entries to supporting documentation. We also paid particular attention to material consolidation entries.

With  regard  to  management's  accounting  estimates,  we evaluated  key  estimates  and  judgements  for  bias,  through retrospective reviews of prior year estimates, where relevant.  In  this  context,  we  paid  specific  attention  to  the following estimates: goodwill impairment assessment, actuarial  assumptions  in  the  accounting  for  pension  and other post-retirement benefit plans and revenue recognition in relation to long-term contracts.

Refer  to  the  Key  Audit  Matters  in  this  report  for  more information  on  our  audit  response  in  relation  to  revenue recognition  and  cost  to  complete  estimates  for  long-term contracts.

We evaluated whether there were any significant transactions or events that were outside the normal course of business for the Group. None were noted, other than the conflict  in  Ukraine  and  the  new  sanctions  imposed  against Russia  impacting  the  Group's  business  activities.  Refer  to the Key Audit Matters in this report for more information on our audit response in relation to this event.

Our audit procedures did not lead to specific indications of fraud  or  suspicions  of  fraud  with  respect  to  management override of internal controls.

Where  relevant  to  our  audit,  we  assessed  the  design  and implementation of the internal control measures related to revenue reporting and in the processes for generating and processing journal entries related to revenue.

We  used  a  combination  of  a  control  and  substantive testing-based  approach  with  respect  to  cost  to  complete. Reference  is  made  to  the  Key  Audit  Matter  'Revenue recognition and determination of estimated costs to complete for long-term contracts' for the audit procedures we performed.

Our audit procedures did not lead to specific indications of fraud or suspicions of  fraud  with  respect  to  revenue recognition.

We incorporated elements of unpredictability in our audit. We also considered the outcome of our other audit procedures and evaluated whether any findings were indicative of fraud or non-compliance with laws and regulations.

We also took note of lawyers' letters and correspondence with those charged with governance and stayed alert during the audit for indications and signals of fraud and considered the outcome of our other audit procedures and evaluated whether any findings or misstatements were indicative of fraud. If so, we reevaluated our assessment of fraud risk and its resulting impact on our audit procedures. In addition, we discussed the status of the investigations referred to in Note 2.6.7 'Other matters' with management and evaluated the impact on the financial statements.

## Audit approach on going concern

As disclosed in Note 1.4. 'Going concern' in the financial statements, management performed their assessment of the entity's ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern  for  the  foreseeable  future  and  has  not  identified  events  or  conditions  that  may  cast significant doubt on the entity's ability to continue as a going concern (hereafter: going concern risks).

Our procedures to evaluate management's going concern assessment included, amongst others:

- ■ Considerations whether management's going concern assessment includes all relevant information of which we are aware as a result of our audit and inquiry with management regarding management's most important factors underlying their going concern assessment. These factors include the backlog and the impact of Russia's invasion of Ukraine and associated global sanctions;
- ■ Analyzing the financial position per balance sheet date compared to prior year as well as the Group's liquidity, including the assessment of financing facilities of the Group and management's assessment of the Group's compliance with credit facility covenants, to assess whether events or circumstances exist that may lead to a going concern risk;
- ■ Performing inquiries with management as to their knowledge of going concern risks beyond the period of management's assessment.

Our procedures did not result in outcomes contrary to management's assumptions and judgements used in the application of the going concern assumption.

## Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements.  We  have  communicated  the  key  audit  matters  to  the  board  of  directors.  The  key  audit  matters  are  not  a comprehensive reflection of all matters identified by our audit and that we discussed. In this section, we described the key audit matters and included a summary of the audit procedures we performed on those matters.

In  comparison to prior year the key audit matter with respect to the completion of the spin-off transaction is not deemed applicable  any  longer  and  a  new  key  audit  matter  has  been  added  in  relation  to  the  consequences  of  the  new  sanctions adopted against Russia in 2022.

<!-- image -->

## KEY AUDIT MATTER

Revenue recognition and determination of estimated costs to complete for long-term contracts

## See Notes 1.6, 1.7 and 4 to the financial statements

The majority of the Group's total revenue of €6.3 billion for the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  is  generated  from  longterm contracts. For the Group's long-term contracts, because of control transferring over time, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance  obligation.  The  selection  of  the  method  to measure  progress  towards  completion  requires  judgement and is based on the nature of the products or services to be provided.

The Group generally uses the cost-to-cost measure  of progress  for  its  contracts  considering  it  best  depicts  the transfer  of  control  to  the  customer  which  occurs  as  the Group incurs costs on the  contracts. Under the cost-to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to  date  to  the  total  estimated  costs  at  completion  of  the performance obligation. Revenues are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. Due to the nature of the work required to  be  performed  on  many  of  the  performance  obligations, management's  estimation  of  total  cost  at  completion  is complex,  subject  to  many  variables  and  requires  significant judgement.

As the estimate of costs to complete for long-term contracts involves significant judgement by management that is subjective  in  nature,  this  area  is  subject  to  higher  risk  of misstatement due to error or fraud. Therefore, we considered these estimates as a key audit matter.

Consequences of the new sanctions adopted against Russia in 2022

## See Note 1.8 to the financial statements

Various  jurisdictions,  including  the  European  Union,  have adopted  new  sanctions  against  Russia  in  response  to  the invasion  of  Ukraine  launched  on  February  24,  2022.  Due  to these sanctions, the Group had to suspend ongoing projects in  Russia  and  pull  out  of  future  business  opportunities identified in the country.

As of December 31, 2021, approximately €3.8 billion or 23% of the Group's backlog scheduled to be executed over the fiveyear  period  from  2022  to  2026  was  related  to  Russian projects.  At  the  start  of  2022,  the  Group  anticipated  that revenue for the year from ongoing Russian projects would be approximately €1.4 billion, when revenue from projects outside Russia was projected to be in the range of €5 to €5.5 billion.  Considering  the  magnitude  of  the  Group's  historical revenue forecasts related to Russian projects, the consequences  of  the  new  sanctions  adopted  against  Russia were considered to have a significant impact on the business and were determined to represent a triggering event warranting a dedicated ad hoc impairment test of the Group's goodwill  and  other  assets  related  to  Russian  operations. Additionally, suspending projects is a rare event that required the  Group  to  analyze  the  contractual  terms  and  conditions related  to  such  event  and  assess  their  potential  accounting consequences.

Due  to  these  considerations,  the  consequences  of  the  new sanctions adopted against Russia were considered to be a key audit matter.

## OUR AUDIT WORK AND OBSERVATIONS

We  obtained  an  understanding  of  the  Group's  long-term contracts  and  associated  revenue  and  receivable  process through performing an end-to-end walkthrough of the process. We tested the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls over the determination of estimated costs to complete for long-term contracts.

In  addition,  we  substantively  tested  the  estimated  costs  to complete for a selection of long-term contracts made based on risk criteria (including total contract  value,  margin  level and value of contingencies recognized), as well as a selection of other contracts by (i) obtaining executed purchase orders and  agreements,  (ii)  evaluating  the  appropriateness  of  the method used to measure progress towards completion, (iii) testing  the  completeness  and  accuracy  of  the  underlying data used by management, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness  of  significant  assumptions  related  to  the estimates of costs to complete.

Evaluating  management's  assumptions  related  to  estimated costs to complete long-term contracts involved, as applicable,  (i)  comparing  changes  in  total  estimated  costs with  prior  period  estimates,  (ii)  evaluating  the  competency and objectivity of project engineers providing significant input utilized in management's calculations, and (iii) assessing the adequacy of contract contingency provisions.

The  procedures  listed  above  also  included  inquiries  with project directors as to their understanding of the long-term contracts  and  associated  estimates.  We  evaluated  whether the audit procedures, the evidence obtained and the outcomes  for  these  estimates,  in  combination  with  other estimates,  provided  indications  of  management  bias.  We found no such indications.

We  assessed  the  adequacy  of  the  disclosures  relating  to revenue recognition, in accordance with the requirements of IFRS 15.

Our  procedures  did  not  result  in  material  findings  with respect to revenue recognition and the related disclosures.

Through inquiries with the Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Financial  Officer  as  well  as  other  procedures,  we  gained  an understanding of management's process for monitoring, evaluating  and  complying  with  the  sanctions  adopted  by relevant jurisdictions against Russia, and their consequences on the Group's operations and financial position.

We  obtained  the  business  plans  utilized  to  perform  the goodwill  impairment  testing  and  verified  that  future  cashflows appropriately excluded all Russian projects, consistent with the Group's decision to cease business operations in the country. We  also  verified that the Group  did not hold significant assets located in Russia that would likely need to be impaired.

We evaluated management's assessment of the sanctions and the relevant contractual clauses related to project suspensions  in  Russia  as  well  as  the  appropriateness  of accounting entries recorded as a result of this assessment.

For those significant Russian contracts that were suspended or  completed during the year, we assessed the adequacy of the  total  amount  of  revenue  (and  margin)  recorded.  This involved evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions  and  notably  the  value  of  work  done  and  the remaining costs to be incurred.

Our  procedures  also  included  assessing  the  appropriateness of management's disclosures made in the financial statements in connection with this matter.

Our  procedures  did  not  result  in  material  findings  with respect  to  the  accounting  and  disclosures  related  to  the consequences of the new sanctions adopted against Russia.

## REPORT ON THE OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The annual report contains other information. This includes all information in the annual report in addition to the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Based on the procedures performed as set out below, we conclude that the other information:

- ■ Is consistent with the financial statements and does not contain material misstatements; and
- ■ Contains all the information regarding the management report and the other information that is required by Part 9 of Book 2 and regarding the remuneration report required by the sections 2:135b and 2:145 subsection 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.

We have read the other information. Based on our knowledge and the understanding obtained in our audit of the financial statements or otherwise, we have considered whether the other information contains material misstatements.

By performing our procedures, we comply with the requirements of Part 9 of Book 2 and section 2:135b subsection 7 of the Dutch Civil Code and the Dutch Standard 720. The scope of such procedures was substantially less than the scope of those procedures performed in our audit of the financial statements.

The board of directors is responsible for the preparation of the other information, including the directors' report and the other information in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. The board of directors are responsible for ensuring that  the  remuneration  report  is  drawn  up  and  published  in  accordance  with  sections  2:135b  and  2:145  subsection  2  of  the Dutch Civil Code.

## REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS AND ESEF

## Our appointment

We were appointed as auditors of Technip Energies N.V. on February 15, 2021 by the board of directors. Our appointment now represents a total period of uninterrupted engagement of two years.

## European Single Electronic Format (ESEF)

Technip Energies N.V. has prepared the annual report, including the financial statements, in ESEF. The requirements for this format are set out in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/ 815 with regard to regulatory technical standards on the specification of a single electronic reporting format (these requirements are hereinafter referred to as: the RTS on ESEF).

In our opinion, the annual report prepared in XHTML format, including the partially tagged consolidated financial statements as included in the reporting package by Technip Energies N.V., complies in all material respects with the RTS on ESEF.

The board of directors is responsible for preparing the annual report, including the financial statements, in accordance with the RTS  on  ESEF,  whereby  the  board  of  directors  combines  the  various  components  into  a  single  reporting  package.  Our responsibility is to obtain reasonable assurance for our opinion on whether the annual report  in  this  reporting  package, complies with the RTS on ESEF.

We performed our examination in accordance with Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 3950N 'Assuranceopdrachten inzake het voldoen aan de criteria voor het opstellen van een digitaal verantwoordingsdocument' (assurance engagements relating to compliance with criteria for digital reporting).

Our  procedures,  taking  into  account  Alert  43  of  the  NBA  (Royal  Netherlands  Institute  of  Chartered  Accountants),  included amongst others:

- ■ Obtaining an understanding of the entity's financial reporting process, including the preparation of the reporting package.
- ■ Identifying and assessing the risks that the annual report does not comply in all material respects with the RTS on ESEF and designing  and  performing  further  assurance  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion, including:
- Obtaining the reporting package and performing validations to determine whether the reporting package, containing the Inline XBRL instance document and the XBRL extension taxonomy files, has been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the technical specifications as included in the RTS on ESEF.
- Examining  the  information  related  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  in  the  reporting  package  to  determine whether all required taggings have been applied and whether these are in accordance with the RTS on ESEF.

## No prohibited non-audit services

To the best of our knowledge and belief, we have not provided prohibited non-audit services as referred to in article 5(1) of the European Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities.

## Services rendered

The services, in addition to the audit, that we have provided to the Company or its controlled entities, for the period to which our statutory audit relates, are disclosed in Note 30 to the financial statements.

For the period to which our statutory audit relates, we have not provided other services to the Company and its controlled entities.

<!-- image -->

## RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE AUDIT

## Responsibilities of the board of directors for the financial statements

The board of directors is responsible for:

- ■ The preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with EU-IFRS and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code; and for
- ■ Such  internal  control  as  the  board  of  directors  determines  is  necessary  to  enable  the  preparation  of  the  financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

As part of the preparation of the financial statements, the board of directors is responsible for assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Based on the financial reporting frameworks mentioned, the board of directors should prepare the financial statements using the going-concern basis of accounting unless the board of directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or has no realistic alternative but to do so. The board of directors should disclose in the financial statements any event and circumstances that may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

The board of directors is responsible for overseeing the Company's financial reporting process.

## Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our responsibility is to plan and perform an audit engagement in a manner that allows us to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit  evidence  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high but not absolute level of assurance, which makes it possible that  we  may  not  detect  all  material  misstatements.  Misstatements  may  arise  due  to  fraud  or  error.  They  are  considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

Materiality  affects  the  nature,  timing  and  extent  of  our  audit  procedures  and  the  evaluation  of  the  effect  of  identified misstatements on our opinion.

A more detailed description of our responsibilities is set out in the appendix to our report.

Rotterdam, March 10, 2023

PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.

drs. J. van Hoof RA

## APPENDIX TO OUR AUDITOR'S REPORT ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022 OF TECHNIP ENERGIES N.V.

In addition to what is included in our auditor's report, we have further set out in this appendix our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements and explained what an audit involves.

## The auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

We have exercised professional judgement and have maintained professional skepticism throughout the audit in accordance with  Dutch  Standards  on  Auditing,  ethical  requirements  and  independence  requirements.  Our  audit  consisted,  among  other things of the following:

- ■ Identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, designing and performing audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtaining audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the intentional override of internal control.
- ■ Obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in  the  circumstances,  but  not  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  an  opinion  on  the  effectiveness  of  the  Company's  internal control.
- ■ Evaluating  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting  estimates  and  related disclosures made by the board of directors.
- ■ Concluding on the appropriateness of the board of directors' use of the going-concern basis of accounting, and based on the audit evidence obtained, concluding whether a material uncertainty exists related to events and/or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report and are made in the context of our opinion on the financial statements as a whole. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
- ■ Evaluating  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  financial  statements,  including  the    disclosures,    and evaluating whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

Considering our ultimate responsibility for the opinion on the consolidated financial statements, we are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. In this context, we have determined the nature and extent of the audit procedures for components of the Group to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on the financial statements as a whole. Determining factors are the geographic structure of the Group, the significance and/or risk profile of group entities or activities, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates. On this basis, we selected group entities for which an audit or review of financial information or specific balances was considered necessary.

We communicate with the board of directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant  audit  findings,  including  any  significant  deficiencies  in  internal  control  that  we  identify  during  our  audit.  In  this respect, we also issue an additional report to the audit committee in accordance with article 11 of the EU Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities. The  information  included  in  this  additional  report  is consistent with our audit opinion in this auditor's report.

We  provide  the  board  of  directors  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical  requirements  regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the board of directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in  our  auditor's  report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public  disclosure  about  the  matter  or  when,  in  extremely  rare circumstances, not communicating the matter is in the public interest.

## Glossary

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## A

AGU: the Attorney General of Brazil.

## B

BAT: Best Available Techniques.

BBS: Behavior-Based Safety.

BED: Basic  Engineering  Design  -  includes  all  basic  studies required  to  support  a  Basic  Engineering  Design  Package (BEDP) containing all data needed by a competent contractor to  perform  the  detail  engineering.  Basic  engineering  studies may consist of consolidating a process package initiated by an external process licensor.

BEDP: Basic Engineering Design Package.

BPSD : Barrel per Stream Day

BtG: Biomass to Gas.

BtL:

Biomass to Liquid.

## C

CAGR: compounded annual growth rate, rate of return that would  be  required  for  an  investment  to  grow  from  its beginning balance to its ending balance, assuming the profits were reinvested at the end of each period of the investment's lifespan.

CAPEX: Capital expenditures consisting of a company's major, long-term expenses.

CCS  (Carbon  Capture  and  Storage): CCS  is  a  solution  for reducing greenhouse gas emissions from industrial installations in response to global warming.

CCUS: Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage.

CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project): Not-for-profit  charity  that runs  the  global  disclosure  system  for  investors,  companies, cities,  states  and  regions  to  manage  their  environmental impacts.

CGU: the Comptroller General of Brazil.

CGU: cash-generating unit.

Code:

the Dutch Corporate Governance Code.

CODM: Chief Operating Decision Maker.

COO:

Chief Operation Officer.

CSR  (Corporate  Social  Responsibility): A  concept  whereby companies  integrate  social  and  environmental  concerns  in their  business  operations  and  in  their  interaction  with  their stakeholders on a voluntary basis. CSR concerns actions by companies  over  and  above  their  legal  obligations  towards society and the environment.

## D

D&amp;I: Diversity and Inclusion.

DOJ:

the Unites States Department of Justice.

DPA: Deferred Prosecution Agreement.

## E

E&amp;T: Engineering and Technology.

EARTH ® : Enhanced Annular Reforming Tube for Hydrogen.

ECH:

Epichlorohydrin.

ENVID: Environmental Aspects and Impacts Identification.

EPC (Engineering, Procurement, Construction): Type of contract  comprising  management  and  engineering  services, procurement of equipment and materials, and construction.

EPCC (Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Commissioning): Type  of  contract  comprising  management and  engineering  services,  procurement  of  equipment  and materials, construction and commissioning.

EPCIC (Engineering, Procurement, Construction, Installation, Commissioning  and  Startup): Type  of  contract  comprising management and engineering services, procurement of equipment  and  materials,  construction,  commissioning  and startup.

EPCm (Engineering, Procurement and Construction Management): Type of contract comprising management and engineering services, procurement of equipment and construction management.

EPS: Earnings per Share.

ERG: Employee Resource Group.

ERM: Enterprise Risk Management.

ESG: Environmental, Social, and Governance.

ESOP: Employee Stock Ownership Plan.

Ethylene: Widely used in the production of consumer goods, such  as  plastics  or  polymers,  ethylene  is  a  hydrocarbon produced  in  the  petrochemical  industry  by  steam  cracking, i.e. transformation of hydrocarbons by pyrolysis above 820 °C.

ETS: European Emissions Trading System.

EU: European Union.

EV: Electric Vehicles.

## F

FCPA: U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.

Feasibility  Studies: Engineering  study  based  on  engineering analysis  which  presents  enough  information  to  determine whether or not the project should be advanced to the final engineering and production/construction stage.

FEED  (Front-End  Engineering  Design): covers  mechanical data sheets  of the main  equipment,  starting  from  the process specifications issued during the BED and incorporating the specific requirements of codes and standards  to  be  applied  to  the  project.  It  also  includes, amongst other items, the reparation of tender packages for the main equipment as well as all studies to be performed before ordering the main equipment.

FID: Final  Investment  Decision,  moment  in  time  when  the sponsor of a project decides to sanction the project's future development.

FLNG  (Floating  Liquefied Natural Gas  unit): In  a  FLNG solution, the gas liquefaction installations are situated directly above  the  offshore gas field,  thus  making  the construction  of  long  subsea  pipelines  and  large  onshore infrastructure unnecessary.

Fluid Catalytic cracking: process which converts heavy petroleum fractions into lighter hydrocarbon products inside a reactor.

FPSO  (Floating, Production, Storage and Offloading): A converted ship or custom-built vessel used as a support of oil and gas installations and for temporary storage of the oil prior to transport.

FPUs (Floating Production Units): are floating units used in the production of oil and gas.

FSRU (Floating Storage and Regasification Unit): It  receives liquefied  natural  gas  from  offloading  LNG  carriers  and  the onboard regasification system provides natural gas exported to shore through risers and pipelines.

Furnace: A furnace is an enclosed structure in which material is  heated  to  high  temperatures  to  produce  ethylene  and other  products.  This  occurs  in  two  sections.  In  the  radiant section, the tubes receive heat through thermal radiation and the pyrolysis reaction (cracking) takes place. In the convection  section,  the  flue  gas  is  cooled  to  deliver  high thermal efficiency by recovering the remaining heat.

## G

GBF: Global Biodiversity Framework.

GDP: Gross Domestic Product.

GDPR: The  General  Data  Protection  Regulation  is  a  EU Regulation  the  aim  of  which  is  to  address  data  protection and privacy and preserve individuals' control and rights over their personal data.

General  Meeting: a  general  meeting  of  the  shareholders  of the Company.

GHG  (Greenhouse  gas): Any  of  the  atmospheric  gases  that contribute  to  the  greenhouse  effect  by  absorbing  infrared radiation  produced  by  the  solar  warming  of  the  Earth's surface. Greenhouse gases include carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide and water vapor. These gases can be naturally occurring or produced by human activity.

Global Compact: International initiative of the United Nations, launched  in  2000.  It  unites  public  and  private  businesses around 10 universal principles relating to human rights, labor and the environment.

GPS: Global Practice Standard.

GRI  (Global  Reporting  Initiative): International  independent standards  organization  that  helps  businesses,  governments and  other  organizations  understand  and  communicate  their impacts on issues such as climate change, human rights and corruption.

GTL (Gas-to-Liquids): Transformation of natural gas into liquid fuels.

GW: Gigawatt.

H

H2: Hydrogen.

HSE (Health, Safety and Environment): Defines all measures taken  by  a  company  to  guarantee  the  occupational  health and safety of individuals and the protection of the environment during the performance of its business activities, whether in offices or on construction sites.

Hydrogen: Hydrogen  is  widely  used  in  petroleum  refining processes  to  remove  impurities  found  in  crude  oil  such  as sulfur,  olefins  and  aromatics  to  meet  the  product  fuels specifications.  Removing  these  components  allows  gasoline and  diesel  to  burn  cleaner  and  thus  makes  hydrogen  a critical component in the production of cleaner fuels needed by modern, efficient internal combustion engines.

I

IASB: the International Accounting Standards Board.

IEA: International Energy Agency.

IFRS: International Financial Reporting Standards.

IIA: Institute of Internal Auditors.

ILO: International Labor Organization.

IPCC: Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.

IRA: Inflation  Reduction  Act  (2022),  a  United  States  federal law  which  aims  to  curb  inflation  by  reducing  the  deficit, lowering prescription drug prices, and investing into domestic energy production while promoting clean energy.

ISMS: Information Security Management System.

ISO 14001: A standard dealing with environmental management systems.

IT:

Information Technology.

IUCN:

International Union for Conservation of Nature.

## K

KM: Knowledge Management.

KPI: Key Performance Indicator.

## L

LA: Lactic Acid.

LCOH: Levelized Cost of Hydrogen.

LNG (Liquefied Natural Gas): Natural gas, liquefied by cooling its temperature to -162 °C, thus reducing its volume 600 times, allowing its transport by boat.

LPG: Liquefied Petroleum Gas.

LTI: Lost Time Injury.

LTIR:

Lost time injury rate per 200,000 hours worked.

## M

MMH:

Million Man Hours.

MPF: The Federal Prosecution Service of Brazil.

Mtpa: Million Tonnes per Annum.

MWe:

Mega Watt Electric.

## N

NFE: The North Field East Project carried out in Qatar by the Company.

NGL: Natural Gas Liquids.

## O

O&amp;M: Operations and Maintenance.

OECD: Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.

Olefin: A family of molecules including in particular ethylene and  propylene  which  constitutes  the  raw  material  allowing for the manufacture of many plastics.

OPEX: Operating Expenditure.

OTD: One T.EN Delivery.

## P

PBS:

Polybutylene Succinate, a biodegradable polymer.

PBAT: Polybutylene Adipate Terephthalate, a biodegradable polymer

PET: Polyethylene terephthalate, a lightweight and recyclable plastic.

PLA: Polylactic Acid.

PNF : the French Parquet National Financier.

Pre-FEED : Conceptual  design  fixing  all  that  is  needed  for  a FEED study including land requirements, technology, feed gas composition, product specifications, climatic data, etc.

Process  Design  Packages :    Documentation  relating  to  the design  and  construction  of  a  plant  prepared  in  accordance with standard industry practices.

PSUs:

Performance Stock Units.

## Q

QHSES:

Quality, Health, Safety, Environment and Security.

## R

R&amp;D:

Research and Development.

REPowerEU: The  European  Commission's  plan  unveiled  in May 2022 to make Europe independent of Russian fossil fuels before 2030.

Rotating Olefins Cracker: Technology which will decarbonize olefin production processes by  employing a dynamic reactor system that replaces conventional furnaces used for pyrolysis when manufacturing light olefins.

RSUs:

Restricted stock units.

## S

SAF: Sustainable aviation fuel.

SAI: Social Accountability International.

SASB  (Sustainability  Accounting  Standards  Board): SASB Standards  identify  the  subset  of  environmental,  social  and governance  issues  most  relevant  to  financial  performance and enterprise value for 77 industries.

SEC: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SMR: Steam Methane Reforming.

Spar: A cylinder-shaped floating offshore drilling and production  platform  partially  submerged  that  is  particularly well-adapted  to  deep  water  by  using  top  tensioned  risers and surface wellheads.

Spin-off: the stock transaction pursuant to which TechnipFMC  distributed  to  holders  of  TechnipFMC  shares approximately 50.1% of the Technip Energies shares, thereby creating two independent groups.

STEM: Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics.

Sustainable Development: Development that meets the needs  of  the  present  without  compromising  the  ability  of future generations to meet their own needs.

Synthesis  gas: Gas  mixture  that  primarily  contains  varying amounts of hydrogen and carbon monoxide and often some carbon dioxide.

## T

tCO2 : tonnes of CO2 equivalent.

TCFD (Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures): The TCFD  has developed a framework to help public companies  and  other  organizations  disclose  climate-related risks and opportunities.

Topside: Surface  installation allowing  the  drilling  and/or production and/or processing of offshore hydrocarbons.

TPA: tonnes per annum.

TPS: The Company's Technology, Products &amp; Services business segment.

TRDF : T.EN Relief and Development Fund.

TRIR :  Total  recordable  incident  rate  per  200,000  hours worked.

TSR : Total Shareholder Return.

## U

UN: United Nations.

UN SDGs:

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals

## W

WDPA: World Database of Protected Areas.

<!-- image -->

Technip Energies N.V. 2126 boulevard de La Défense Immeuble ORIGINE CS 10266 92741 Nanterre cedex France

A company incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands, with headquarters in Nanterre, and registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 76122654

www.technipenergies. com