<!-- image -->

## ANNUAL REPORT 2022

TAN CHONG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

## 陳唱國際有限公司

(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

Stock code: 693

<!-- image -->

TAN CHONG INTERNATIONAL LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

1

<!-- image -->

## COMPANY OVERVIEW

Tan Chong International Limited (Stock Code 693), listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in 1998, is a major motor distribution, transportation, property and trading group.

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

- Management Discussion and Analysis 02
- Corporate Governance Report 06
- Environmental, Social and Governance Report 10
- Corporate Information 16
- Directors and Senior Management Profile 18
- Corporate Structure 22
- Financial Highlights 24
- Directors' Report 25
- Independent Auditor's Report 35
- Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 42
- Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income 43
- Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 44
- Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 46
- Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 48
- Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 50
- Financial Summary 135
- Group Properties 137

## Enclosures

Proposed General Mandates to Issue Shares and Buy Back Shares, Re-election of Directors and Amendments to the Bye-laws 1 Notice of Annual General Meeting 25 Form of Proxy

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## RESULTS

Despite  unprecedented  challenges  brought  about  by  the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group achieved a 14% increase in revenue and 13% increase in after tax profit for 2022.

Even as business activities continued to be weighed down by supply chain disruptions and operational challenges during 2022, the Group remained resilient and agile in the face of uncertainty across the Asia Pacific region.

On  the global front, the  Ukraine  war  brought  about staggering fuel and food prices, triggering inflation across the world. Geopolitical uncertainties further impacted consumer activities, while businesses adopted a more cautious approach due to fluctuating demand and unpredictable trends.

The Group's revenue for the year was HK$13.5 billion, a 14% increase compared to HK$11.9 billion in 2021. The revenue increase  is  mainly  attributed  to  increases  in  sales  volume within  the  Group's  motor  vehicle  distribution  and  retail division, along with a revenue increase in the transportation and logistics business of Zero Co., Ltd. in Japan ('Zero').

The Group's after-tax profit for the year was HK$510.7 million, as compared to HK$453.9 million in 2021. The disposal of one of the Group's properties in Singapore and the profitability of  ETHOZ  Group  Limited  ('ETHOZ')  contributed  to  this improvement in profit.

EBITDA increased 14% to HK$1.5 billion from HK$1.3 billion. Profit from  operations was  HK$839.2  million, with an operating profit margin of 6.2% as compared to the 5.4% registered in 2021.

The  Group's net gearing ratio,  which  is  computed  by dividing the net debt with the total equity, was 32% as at 31 December 2022.  The net debt recorded was HK$3,783.2 million, as compared to a net cash of HK$265.7 million as of 31 December 2021. The increase in net debt was largely due to the consolidation of ETHOZ, a leasing business by nature, into  the  accounts  of  the  Group.    Net  debt  is  comprised  of borrowings of HK$6,125.9 million and unsecured overdrafts of HK$244.3 million, less cash and bank balances of HK$2,587 million.

ROCE (Return on capital employed), which is computed by dividing earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) with total equity  plus  non-current  liabilities,  increased  to  5.8%  as compared to 5.1% in 2021.

Net Asset Per Share as of 31 December 2022 was HK$5.90, a decrease from the HK$6.00 recorded at the end of December 2021.

As at the end of 2022, the Group's employee strength was 5,537 as compared to 5,105 in 2021.  This is 8.5% increase over that of the past year due mainly to the consolidation of ETHOZ's workforce into the Group's headcounts. Relentless rationalization of the Group's businesses and work processes to increase productivity is a constant endeavour for the Group to stay competitive.

The  Group  takes  cognizant  of  its  social  and  corporate responsibilities, particularly in embracing solutions that address  climate  changes.  In  compliance  to  the  regulatory, environmental and emission standard requirements of the countries where the Group distributes its products and provides services, it continues to be involved in initiatives and programs as well as active participation in the sustainability and conservation of the environment.

## SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had investments in listed and  unlisted  equity  securities  amounting  to  HK$1.4  billion designated  as  at  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive income. The majority of these investments are equity securities  listed  on  the  Tokyo  Stock  Exchange.  These  were accumulated  over  the  years  as  strategic  investments.  Fair value loss  of  HK$222  million  was  recognized  in  other comprehensive income during the year ended 31 December 2022. The loss was primarily due to share price changes of its listed  investments,  which  were  marked  to  market  and  was therefore  unrealised.  Such  unrealised  fair  value  loss  on  its investments was not reclassified to the Group's consolidated statement of profit or loss.

## FINANCE

For  the  year  2022,  total  dividend  payment  will  amount  to HK$201.331 million as compared to HK$130.865 million paid for  financial  year  2021.  With  a  proposed  final  dividend  of HK$0.075 per share, and a paid interim dividend of HK$0.025 per  share,  the  total  dividend  per  share  for  financial  year 2022 will be HK$0.10, an increase of 53.8% over that of the HK$0.065 dividend per share for 2021.

The consolidated net asset value per share decreased year-onyear to HK$5.90 from HK$6.00 in 2021, after factoring in the changes in fair value of the listed equity securities.

## SINGAPORE

In  Singapore,  total  industry  volume  ('TIV')  in  2022  saw  a sharp 27% contraction year-on-year due to an 8-year record low  supply  of  Certificate  of  Entitlements  ('COE').  TIV  for passenger  cars  contracted  by  32%  year-on-year,  while  that for  commercial  vehicles  contracted  by  10%.  The  severe contraction in COE supply also led to a drastic increase in COE premiums across the board, hitting new record highs.

Mass-market brands, like Nissan, were most affected by the increase in COE premiums. Nissan sales saw a 58% contraction in  2022.  Despite  this  and  other  challenges,  Nissan  not  only managed to secure its  position  as  one  of  the  top  10  bestselling passenger car brands but also the second best-selling light commercial vehicle brand in Singapore.

16-6829

<!-- image -->

Looking  forward  to  2023,  TIV  is  expected  to  contract further but at a much slower rate as experienced in 2022. Nevertheless, the Group is cautiously optimistic that Nissan sales will outperform that of the market in 2023, leveraging on  the  strong  performance  of  certain  model  ranges  as experienced during the second half of 2022.

The Group's Subaru business in Singapore continues to be impacted by stringent vehicle emission surcharge, as well as a  reduced  COE  quota.  The  Group  recorded  a  double-digit decline in sales volume as compared to last year.  With the growing  consumer  acceptance  of  Subaru  Forester  E-Boxer model  which  will  mitigate  the  current  vehicle  emission surcharge, the Group expects some positive recovery in 2023.

In 2022, the Company took a strategic step to acquire the remaining interest in ETHOZ from its joint venture partners. Upon  completion  of  the  acquisition  in  July  2022,  ETHOZ and  its  subsidiaries  (the  'ETHOZ  Group')  became  whollyowned subsidiaries of the Company. The ETHOZ Group was a very successful joint venture of the Company since 1981, and  is  now  in  a  multi-disciplinary  business  encompassing automotive vehicle leasing, equipment leasing, and finance leasing  of  various  asset  classes.  The  ETHOZ  Group  has expanded  with  multiple  operating  offices  in  Singapore, Malaysia, and China.

As a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, the ETHOZ Group  can now  accelerate and extend the scope of geographical coverage for its proprietary business model. An enlarged ETHOZ Group will create multiple income streams from  various  territories  and  various  businesses,  providing insulation against a volatile worldwide economic order.

The  ETHOZ  Group  has  established  itself  as  the  leading vehicle  rental  company  in  Singapore  with  a  fleet  size  of more  than  3,000  units.  The  current  regional  governments push for electrification of vehicles offer a unique opportunity for  the  ETHOZ  Group  to  expand  rapidly  in  this  growing sector.  Together with the Group's existing vehicle sales and production  footprint  in  the  relevant  region,  the  ETHOZ Group can work synergistically to expand its business with associated cost effectiveness.

In  the  light  of  uncertain  global  financial  climate  and  its susceptibility to interest rate fluctuations, the ETHOZ Group has implemented risk-mitigation measures such as adjusting rental rates upon contract renewal. Additionally, the ETHOZ Group is experiencing high demand for its electric commercial vehicle fleet and is expanding accordingly.  To reflect current market  funding  costs  and  avoid  margin  compression,  the ETHOZ Group will expedite  the  replacement  of  its  current receivables portfolio, which was historically based on lower rates.  With  its  parent  company's  strong  balance  sheet  and backing,  the  ETHOZ  Group  will  have  better  and  greater financial support from the banking community.

## CHINA

In  Hong  Kong,  Subaru  was  able  to  maintain  its  sales momentum  despite  stringent  COVID-19  control  measures and global microchip shortages that resulted in a shortfall of inventory in first half of 2022.  With our dynamic inventory re-allocation system across the region, it managed to post a 14% increase in sales volume against a TIV for passenger cars ('TIVPC') growth of 4.1%.

In China, the Group's car business reaped the rewards from its diversification of dealership businesses at the end of 2021, which expanded to include Haval and Ora Electric vehicles. As a result, the Group posted a 74% growth in volume in its China market over 2021 against a TIVPC growth of 9.5%.

## TAIWAN AND PHILIPPINES

The  New  Forester,  which  is  a  level  2  autonomous  vehicle equipped with Eyesight 4.0, has been extremely well received in  Taiwan.    Despite  microchip  shortages  which  delayed delivery lead time for its popular New Forester for large part of 2022, the Group managed to secure sufficient allocation to fulfil its huge back orders and posted a 30% increase in sales volume against a 4.2% drop in TIVPC.

In Philippines, the Group posted 88% growth in sales volume against  that  of  2021.  Our  Subaru  operations  significantly outperformed the industry where TIVPC growth was 30.5%. In addition to strong sales momentum for the New Forester and XV models, the All New WRX and WRX Wagon models were well-received by the local market. The Group expects continuous strong growth with its strong product offerings.

## COMPLETE KNOCK-DOWN ('CKD') MARKETS OF MALAYSIA, THAILAND, VIETNAM AND CAMBODIA

The Group's joint venture plant in Thailand is into its fourth year  of  production  of  Subaru  cars.  These  vehicles  are  sold through  the  Group's  networks  and  dealers  in  Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam and Cambodia. The Group aims to boost its plant's production by at least 60% in 2023 as compared to the previous year.

In Malaysia, with Sales Tax Exemption extended till 30 June 2022 coupled with strong economic recovery post COVID-19, the  Group  posted  a  101%  growth  in  sales  volume  against 2021, outperforming the TIVPC growth of 42.2%.

In Thailand, the Group posted a 25% growth in sales volume against  that  of  2021,  outperforming  a  TIVPC  growth  of 11.6%.    Despite  challenging  economic  conditions  in  first half of 2022, the recovery of tourism has fueled growth and positive consumer sentiments in the second half of 2022.

<!-- image -->

In  Vietnam,  the  Group  posted  a  121%  increase  in  sales volume compared to what was achieved in 2021. Our Subaru operations  also  outperformed  the  market  significantly  as TIVPC growth was 30.9%. As the Thailand-produced Forester remains  a  top  choice  for  Vietnamese  customers  due  to  its high-quality standard, the Group is confident of continuous growth there.

In Cambodia, the sale of Thailand-produced cars only started in  2020.  The  Group  achieved a 167% increase over that of the  previous  year.  This  was  due  to  consistent  marketing efforts, which greatly improved Subaru's brand and product awareness in the local market.

## J APAN

Zero, the Group's vehicle transportation and logistics division that is listed on the Second Section of Tokyo Stock Exchange, recorded  a  12%  increase  in  revenue  to  HK$7.4  billion  for year 2022. The revenue increase is mainly due to the strong performance of Zero's used vehicle export business and an increase in the number of units for its vehicle transportation contracts.

The  depreciation  of  Japanese  Yen  against  the  Group's reporting currency in HK$ has had a negative impact on the net profit contributed by Zero.  Zero's net profit for the year decreased  by  6%  as  compared  to  the  previous  year.    This is  due  to  the  Japanese  Yen  weakened  by  15%  against  the HK$ year on year. In terms of Zero's net profit recorded in its operating currency of Japanese Yen, its net profit rose by 10% due to higher utilization rates resulting from increased sales revenue. This was despite the impact of higher fuel costs, caused by soaring crude oil prices and the rapid depreciation of the Japanese Yen. Zero's introduction of a fuel surcharge in September 2022 for its vehicle transportation business has mitigated the impact of soaring fuel costs.

Zero is optimistic that its sales revenue will gradually improve in its next financial year with the suppression of the COVID-19 pandemic  and  progressing  of  Japan's  economy  activities. Furthermore, automobile production in Japan is expected to improve gradually once semiconductor shortages and supply of  automobile  parts  from  factories  in  Southeast  Asia  have stabilized in the region.

## PROSPECTS

Despite the world's recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, economic uncertainties and geopolitical tensions within the region continue to pose challenges to the Group's businesses. Rapidly changing  automotive  industry safety standards, evolving  vehicle  emissions  policies  and  a  swift  progression towards greener vehicles are just some of the challenges that continue  to  significantly  impact  the  Group's  main  vehicle businesses.  In  addition,  the  global  trend  of  ride  hailing services  has  changed  consumer  mindsets  about  owning personal vehicles.

As  global  trade  activities  continue  to  evolve,  the  Group remains  resilient  and  agile  by  diversifying  its  corporate business portfolios. The Group is optimistic that its acquisition of ETHOZ last year will not only make its vehicle businesses more  stable  but  also  contribute  to  its  overall  financial performance.

Looking ahead, the Group anticipates a brighter outlook for 2023, due to better and swifter fulfilment of pent-up demand for  vehicles.  With  vehicle  deliveries  remaining  robust,  the Group expects to show a stronger performance for 2023.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board of Directors (the 'Board') of Tan Chong International Limited  (the  'Company')  is  committed  to  the  observance  of good corporate governance to protect the interests and rights of shareholders and the financial performance of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the 'Group').  The Board has adopted the principles and code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code set out in part 2 of the Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the  Listing  of  Securities  (the  'Listing  Rules')  on  The  Stock Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  (the  'Stock  Exchange')  that form part of the disclosure requirements under the Listing Rules. Throughout the year under review, the Company has complied with  most  of  the  code  provisions  set  out  in  the  Corporate Governance  Code.  Where  applicable  various  self-regulatory and monitoring measures were adopted for effective corporate governance practice.

## MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted and implemented the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers ('Model Code') set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules on dealing in securities. This has been made known to all the directors of the Company and each director has confirmed in writing that he or she has observed the Model Code for year 2022.  The Group has its own in-house mechanism to guide its directors and relevant employees regarding dealing in the Company's securities including reminders on the law regarding insider trading.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

As at the date of this report, the Board consists of four executive directors, two non-executive directors and five independent nonexecutive directors. As the independent non-executive directors made up at least one-third of the Board, the current Board size is  considered  appropriate  with  regard  to  nature  and  scope  of the Group's operations. The Board members bring with them a wealth  of  knowledge,  expertise  and  experience  to  contribute valuable  direction  and  insight  to  the  Group.  The  relationships among the members of the Board are disclosed under Directors Profile on page 18.

The Board, which meets at least four times a year, manages the business and affairs of the Group, approves the Group's corporate and  strategic  direction,  appoints  directors  and  key  personnel, approves  annual  budgets  and  major  funding  and  investment proposals, and reviews the financial performance of the Group.

For effective management, certain functions have been delegated  to  various  board  committees,  each  of  which  has  its own written terms of reference and whose actions are reported to and monitored by the Board.

The Company has internal guidelines in regard to matters that require Board approval. Material transactions that need Board approval are as follows:

- a. approval of interim results announcement;
- b. approval of annual results and accounts;
- c. declaration  of  interim  dividends  and  proposal  of  final dividends;
- d. convening of shareholders' meeting;
- e. approval of corporate strategy;
- f. authorization of merger and acquisition transactions; and
- g. authorization of major transactions.

Except  for  Ms.  Gillian  Tan  Tsui  Lyn  who  was  appointed  as  a director of the Company effective from 27 February 2023, each member of the Board namely Mr. Tan Eng Soon, Mr. Glenn Tan Chun Hong, Mr. Tan Kheng Leong, Mdm. Sng Chiew Huat, Mr. Joseph Ong Yong Loke, Mr. Ng Kim Tuck, Mr. Azman Bin Badrillah, Mr. Prechaya Ebrahim, Mr. Teo Ek Kee and Mr. Charles Tseng Chia Chun, participated in continuous professional development in the form of either directors' training sessions, corporate governance conference, accounting standard seminar and/or reading relevant materials, to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. All directors, except for Ms. Gillian Tan Tsui Lyn, have provided to the Company their records of training received  during  year  2022  which  include  conference,  seminar and/or reading materials relevant to the Company's business or to the directors' duties and responsibilities.

## BOARD INDEPENDENCE EVALUATION AND INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NONEXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has established a Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism in 2022 which sets out the processes and procedures to  ensure  a  strong  independent  element  on  the  Board,  which allows the Board effectively exercises independent judgment to better safeguard the interests of shareholders of the Company.

The objectives of the evaluation are to improve Board effectiveness,  maximise  strengths,  and  identify  the  areas  that need  improvement  or  further  development.  The  evaluation process also clarifies what actions of the Company need to be taken  to  maintain  and  improve  the  Board  performance,  for instance, addressing individual training and development needs of each Director.

Pursuant  to  the  Board  Independence  Evaluation  Mechanism, the Board will conduct annual review on its independence. The Board Independence Evaluation Report will be presented to the Board which will collectively discuss the results and the action plan for improvement, if appropriate.

During  the  year ended  2022,  all Directors  has  completed the  independence  evaluation  in  the  form  of  a  questionnaire individually. The Board Independence Evaluation Report was  presented  to  the  Board  and  the  evaluation  results  were satisfactory.

During the year ended 2022, the Board reviewed the implementation  and  effectiveness  of  the  Board  Independence Evaluation Mechanism and the results were satisfactory.

The  Company  has  received  annual  confirmation  from  each of  the  independent  non-executive  directors  concerning  their independence.

## BOARD MEETING

The  Board  meets  at  approximately  quarterly  intervals.  Ad  hoc meetings are also convened to deliberate on urgent substantive matters. Participation by means of telephone or video conference at board meetings are allowed under the Company's Bye-laws. The number of board meetings held in 2022 as well as the attendance of each Board member at those meetings and meetings of the various Board committees are disclosed below:

| Board of Directors  Meeting  Remuneration  Committee  Meeting  Nomination  Committee  Meeting  Audit Committee  Meeting  Independent  Non-Executive  Directors Meeting  Annual  General  Meeting  Position  No.  attended/  held  Position  No.  attended/  held  Position  No.  attended/  held  Position  No.  attended/  held  Position  No.  attended/  held  No.  attended/  held  Executive Director  Mr. Tan Eng Soon  1  C  4/4  -  -  M  1/1  -  -  C  1/1  1/1  Mr. Glenn Tan Chun Hong  M  4/4  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1/1  Mr. Tan Kheng Leong  M  4/4  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1/1  Mdm. Sng Chiew Huat  M  4/4  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1/1  Non-executive Director  Mr. Joseph Ong Yong Loke  M  4/4  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1/1  Ms. Gillian Tan Tsui Lyn  2  M  0/0  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  0/0  Independent Non-executive Director  Mr. Ng Kim Tuck  M  4/4  -  -  -  -  C  3/3  M  1/1  1/1  Mr. Azman Bin Badrillah  3  M  4/4  M  1/1  -  -  M  2/2  M  1/1  1/1  Mr. Prechaya Ebrahim  4  M  4/4  -  -  M  1/1  -  -  M  1/1  1/1  Mr. Teo Ek Kee  M  4/4  C  1/1  -  -  M  3/3  M  1/1  1/1  Mr. Charles Tseng Chia Chun  5  M  4/4  -  -  C  1/1  M  1/1  M  1/1  1/1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Denotes:

C-Chairman, M-Member

No.attended/held-Number of meetings attended/held during the financial year from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022.

1  Mr. Tan Eng Soon was appointed as a member of the nomination committee of the Company with effect from 10 January 2022.

2  Ms. Gillian Tan Tsui Lyn was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 27 February 2023.

3  Mr. Azman Bin Badrillah ceased to be a member of the audit committee of the Company with effect from 9 September 2022.

4  Mr. Prechaya Ebrahim was appointed as a member of the nomination committee of the Company with effect from 10 January 2022.

5  Mr. Charles Tseng Chia Chun was appointed as an independent non-executive director and chairman of the nomination committee of the Company with effect from 10 January 2022. He was also appointed as a member of the audit committee of the Company with effect from 9 September 2022.

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Mr.  Tan  Eng  Soon  ('Mr.  Tan')  currently  holds  the  offices  of chairman of the Board ('Chairman') and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Tan had been instrumental in listing the Group. He has indepth professional  knowledge of, and extensive experience in the automobile industry and full cognizance of the workings of the business operations of the Group. In view of this, the Board would like him to continue with some executive functions.  The balance of power and authority is ensured by the participation and input of the other Board members who are highly qualified and  experienced  professionals.  The  roles  of  the  respective executive directors and senior management who are in charge of  different  disciplinary  functions  complement  the  role  of  the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  The Board believes that this  structure  is  conducive  to  strong  and  consistent  leadership enabling the Group to make and implement decisions promptly and efficiently.

## APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

There  is  no  service  contract  between  the  Company  and  the directors  (including  non-executive  directors)  and  they  have  no fixed term of service but are subject to retirement by rotation and  re-election  at  the  Company's  Annual  General  Meeting  in accordance with the Company's Bye-laws.

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE ('RC')

The  RC  currently  comprises  two  independent  non-executive directors, namely, Mr. Teo Ek Kee (chairman of the RC) and Mr. Azman Bin Badrillah.

The members of the RC with delegated responsibility from the Board,  have  the  duties  according  to  the  following  terms  of reference:

- a. to  review  and  determine  the  employment  terms  and remuneration packages of the executive directors and senior management staff;
- b. to  decide  on  annual  incentives  and  bonuses  to  be  paid to  the  said  key  executives  in  (a)  in  regard  to  the  Group's performance and individual's contribution;
- c. to approve employment contracts and other related contracts entered into with key executives; and
- d. to  determine the terms of any compensation package for early termination of the contract of key executives.

The  remuneration  of  the  directors  will  be  determined  by  the Board  with  reference  to  job  responsibility,  prevailing  market conditions  and  the  Company's  operating  performance  and profitability.

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE ('NC')

The Board appointed three members of the NC on 10 January 2022. The NC currently comprises two independent nonexecutive  directors  and  an  executive  director  of  the  Company. Mr.  Charles  Tseng  Chia  Chun,  an  independent  non-executive director is the chairman of NC. The other members are Mr. Tan Eng Soon, chairman of the Board and Mr. Prechaya Ebrahim, an independent non-executive director of the Company.

During 2022, the Board carried out the responsibilities of the NC under the following terms of reference:

- a. to  review  the  structure,  size  and  composition  (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least annually  and  make  recommendations  on  the  proposed changes  to  the  Board  to  complement  the  Company's corporate strategy;
- b. to  identify  individuals  suitably  qualified  to  become  Board members and select or make recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;
- c. to  assess  the  independence  of  independent non-executive directors;
- d. to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of directors and succession planning for directors, in particular the chairman of the Board and the chief executive;
- e. to  establish  a  mechanism  for  formal  assessment  and  to perform  periodic  assessment  on  the  effectiveness  of  the Board; and

- f. to  review  the  Board  Diversity  Policy  adopted  by  the  Board on  a  regular  basis,  make  recommendations  to  the  Board  on measurable objectives for achieving diversity of the Board and monitor the progress on achieving the objectives.

The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. A Board Diversity Policy was adopted by the Company on 30 August 2013, pursuant to which the NC is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy, reviewing the Board Diversity Policy and making recommendations for revision to the Board for consideration and approval when necessary.

Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity criteria, including but not limited to expertise, skills, knowledge, experience, cultural and educational background, independence, age and gender. All Board appointments will be based on merits, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

In the last quarter of 2022, the Board set a measurable objective of at least 15% - 20% of members of the Board shall be represented by women by 2025. On 27 February 2023, the Board appointed Ms. Gillian  Tan  Tsui  Lyn  ('Ms.  Tan')  as  a  non-executive  director  of  the Company. With the appointment of Ms. Tan, women representation on the Board increases from 10% to 18% as at the date of this report.

The Nomination Committee and the Board are of the view that the current composition of the Board has achieved the objectives set in the Board Diversity Policy.

The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.

## GENDER DIVERSITY

The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following table sets out the gender ratio in the workforce of the Group, including the Board and senior management:

| Female  Male  Board (as at the date of this report)  18%  (2)  82%  (9)  As at 31 December 2022:  Senior Management  33%  (1)  67%  (2)  Other employees  24%  (1,303)  76%  (4,231)  Overall workforce  24%  (1,304)  76%  (4,233)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The women representations on the Board and the Group's workforce are  18%  and  24%  respectively.  The  Board  considers  the  current gender diversity of the Group is satisfactory.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties under the following terms of reference:

- a. to develop and review the Company's policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations on changes and updating;
- b. to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management;
- c. to review and monitor the Company's policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
- d. to  develop,  review  and  monitor  the  code  of  conduct  and compliance manual applicable to employees and directors; and
- e. to  review  the  Company's  compliance  with  the  code  and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE ('AC')

The AC comprises three board members, namely Mr. Ng Kim Tuck (chairman of the AC), Mr. Teo Ek Kee and Mr. Charles Tseng Chia Chun whom was appointed as a member of the AC on 9 September 2022, all of whom are independent non-executive directors. Mr. Azman Bin Badrillah ceased to be a member of the AC on 9 September 2022.

The  members  of  the  AC  have  years  of  experience  in  business management, accounting, and finance services. The Board is of the view  that  the  members  of  the  AC  have  sufficient  accounting  and financial management expertise and experience to discharge the AC functions.

The AC convened three meetings during 2022 for reviewing (1) the Company's annual results and annual report for the year ended 31 December  2021,  (2)  interim  results  and  interim  report  for  the  six months ended 30 June 2022 and (3) external auditors' plans. The AC met up with the external auditors at least twice a year. Details of members and their attendance  records  are  provided  in  the  above table.

During 2022, the AC carried out its functions under the following terms of reference:

- a. to review the audit plans of the internal auditors of the Company and ensure the adequacy of the Company's system of accounting controls and co-operation of the Company's management with the external and internal auditors;
- b. to  review  the  interim  and  annual  financial  statements  and the auditors' report on the annual financial statements of the Company before submission to the Board;
- c. to  review  effectiveness  of  the  Company's  material  internal controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls  and  risk  management  through  reviews  conducted  by the internal auditors;
- d. to ensure the duty is discharged by directors in relation to the responsibility of directors to conduct an annual review of the adequacy  of  resources,  qualifications  and  experience  of  staff for the issuer's accounting and financial reporting function, and training programmes and budget;
- e. to  meet  with  the  external  auditors,  other  committees,  and management in separate executive sessions regarding matters that these parties believe should be discussed privately with the AC;
- f. to  review  the  cost  effectiveness  and  the  independence  and objectivity of the external auditors; and
- g. to recommend to the Board the compensation of the external auditors, and review the scope and results of the audit.

The AC has the power to conduct or authorize investigations into any matters within the AC's scope of responsibility.

## EXTERNAL AUDITORS AND AUDITORS REMUNERATION

The  external  auditors'  reporting  responsibilities  on  the  financial statements are stated in the Company's Annual Report.

The external auditors' remuneration (excluding out of pocket and miscellaneous expenses) for audit services and non-audit services for year 2022 is HK$11,937,000 and HK$747,000 respectively.

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING

The Board is responsible for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of annual and interim reports, price-sensitive and/or inside information announcements and other disclosures required under the Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements.

The senior management provides such explanation and information to  the  Board  so  as  to  enable  the  Board  to  make  an  informed assessment of the financial information and position of the Company.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The  Board  acknowledges  its  responsibility  for  the  Group's  risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their effectiveness.    Annual  review  is  conducted  on  the  internal controls of the Company and its subsidiaries, including financial, operational  and  compliance  control  and  risk  management functions.

The Group's system of internal controls includes the setting up of a management structure with authority limits, and is designed to  help  the  Group  achieve  its  business  objectives,  protects  its

assets  against  unauthorised  use  or  disposition,  ensures  the maintenance of proper accounting records for the provision of reliable financial information for internal use or for publication, and ensures compliance with relevant laws and regulations. The risk  management and internal control systems are designed to provide reasonable, and not absolute assurance, against material misstatement or loss and manages rather than eliminates risks of failure to achieve the Company's business objectives, safeguard assets, ensure the maintenance of proper accounting records, the reliability of financial information, compliance with appropriate legislation, regulation and best practice, and the identification and containment of business risk.

The Company's internal auditors continually review the effectiveness  of  the  Company's  risk  management  and  internal control systems, including financial, operational and compliance controls  according  to  their  audit  plans.  Any  material  noncompliance or failures in internal controls together with recommendations for improvements were reported to the Audit Committee accordingly.

The Group makes every effort to comply with the requirements of the Securities and Futures Ordinance ('SFO') and the Listing Rules. It discloses every applicable inside information to the public as soon as reasonably practicable. Such information is kept strictly confidential until it is disclosed to the public. It is committed to ensure that all information to the public are presented in a clear and balanced way. It also ensures that information contained in announcements or circulars are not false or misleading as to a material fact, or false or misleading through the omission of a material fact.

The Board confirms that, in the absence of any evidence to the contrary,  the  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems maintained by the Group and that were in place throughout the financial year and up to the date of this report, are adequate and effective and has been reviewed on an ongoing basis.

## COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS

The Board is obliged to provide regular, effective and fair communication with  shareholders.  Information  is  conveyed  to  the shareholders  on  a  timely  basis.  The  Company's  Annual  Report  is sent  to  all  shareholders  and/or  its  nominees  and  accessible  on  the Company's website.

Shareholders' views on matters that affect the Company are welcomed by the Board at shareholders' meetings. Shareholders are notified of shareholders' meetings through notices published in the newspapers and reports or circulars sent to them. Each item of special business in the notice of the meeting is accompanied, where appropriate, by an explanation for the proposed resolution. The chairmen of the AC, NC and RC are normally available at the meeting to answer those questions in regard to the work of these committees. The external auditors  are  also  present  to  assist  the  directors  to  respond  any relevant queries from the shareholders.

To  safeguard  the  interests  and  rights  of  shareholders,  a  separate resolution  is  proposed  for  each  substantially  separate  issue  at shareholders' meetings, including the election of individual directors.

All resolutions put forward at shareholders' meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and of the Stock Exchange after each shareholders' meeting.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company has adopted a dividend policy (the 'Dividend Policy') for providing shareholders of the Company with regular dividends. Depending  on  the  financial  conditions  of  the  Company  and  the Group  and  the  conditions  and  factors  as  set  out  in  the  Dividend Policy,  dividends  may  be  proposed  and/or  declared  by  the  Board during a financial year and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to the shareholders' approval.

## PUTTING FORWARD ENQUIRIES TO THE BOARD

For  putting  forward  any  enquiries  to  the  Board  of  the  Company, shareholders may send their enquiries or requests to the following:

Address:

Fax:

Email:

Unit 3001, 30/F Shui On Centre, 6-8 Harbour Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong

(For the attention of the Company Secretary) +852 27875099

tcilhk@tanchong.com.hk

For the avoidance of doubt, shareholders must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address, apart from the  registered  office  of  the  Company,  and  provide  their  full name, contact details and identification in order to give effect thereto.  Shareholders' information may be disclosed as required by law.

Shareholders may call the Company at +852 28244473 for any assistance.

Note:  The  Company  will  not  normally  deal  with  verbal  or anonymous enquiries.

## PUTTING FORWARD PROPOSALS AT GENERAL MEETINGS

Pursuant to Sections 79 and 80 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda,  the  Company  shall,  on  the  requisition  in  writing  of such number of shareholders as is hereinafter specified, at the expense of the requisitionists:

1. give  to  shareholders  of  the  Company  entitled  to  receive notice  of  the  next  annual  general  meeting  notice  of  any resolution which may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at that meeting; and
2. circulate  to  shareholders  entitled  to  have  notice  of  any general meeting sent to them any statement of not more than  one  thousand  words  with  respect  to  the  matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at that meeting.

The number of shareholders necessary for a requisition specified above shall be:

- a. either  any  number  of  shareholders  representing  not  less than  one-twentieth  of  the  total  voting  rights  of  all  the shareholders having at the date of the requisition a right to vote at the meeting to which the requisition relates; or
- b. not less than one hundred shareholders.

The  requisition  signed  by  all  the  requisitionists  may  consist  of several documents in like form, each signed by one or more of the requisitionists; and it must be deposited at the registered office with a sum reasonably sufficient to meet the Company's relevant expenses, not less than six weeks before the meeting in case of a requisition requiring notice of a resolution or not less than one week before the meeting in the case of any other requisition. Provided that if an annual general meeting is called for a date six  weeks  or  less  after  the  requisition  has  been  deposited,  the requisition though not deposited within the time required shall be deemed to have been properly deposited for the purposes thereof.

## CONVENING A SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING BY SHAREHOLDERS

The  Board  may  whenever  it  thinks  fit  call  special  general meetings, and shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Secretary of the Company, to require a special general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If  within  twenty-one  days  of  such  deposit  the  Board  fails  to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionists themselves may do so in accordance with the provisions of Section 74(3) of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda.

## 1.3 Reporting Reference

This report has been prepared in accordance with the mandatory disclosure requirements and the 'comply or explain' provisions set  out  in  the  Appendix  27  -  Environmental,  Social  and Governance Reporting Guide (the 'ESG Reporting Guide') to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the 'Listing Rules').

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## 1. ABOUT THIS REPORT

## 1.1 About Our Business

This is the ESG Report for Tan Chong International Limited ('TCIL' or the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 'Group' in this report).

The Group's principal business activities include the distribution and retailing of well-known automotive brands such as Nissan in  Singapore  and  Subaru  across  the  South-East  Asia  region.  In Japan, the Group is also involved in logistical operations, mainly in  the  transportation  of  motor  vehicles.  Within  the  South-east Asia region, the Group is actively engaged in local markets that includes  Singapore,  Malaysia,  Taiwan,  the  People's  Republic  of China (the 'PRC'), Philippines, Cambodia, Hong Kong, Vietnam, and Thailand.

## 1.2 Scope of This Report

This report covers the ESG management approach and performance of the Group for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022. The ESG report was approved and is published together with the annual report.

The  scope  of  this  report  remains  unchanged  from  previous reporting years. This report primarily covers the Group's motor vehicle business operations in Singapore and Thailand as well as its transportation business in Japan with significant contribution to the Group's revenue in 2022. The Group operates in Singapore as  a  principal  location  of  business,  the  regional  head  quarter, and the core automotive distribution control centre. In Japan, the Group's listed subsidiary, ZERO Co., Ltd. ('ZERO') provides vehicle  logistics  services  nationwide  for  new  vehicles  made  by Japanese automakers as well as used vehicles from local auctions platforms and dealers. ZERO also provides other vehicles related services, which include transfer, storage, and yard management, synergizing the nationwide network with the largest number of trailers in Japan.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The  following  reporting  principles  have  been  adopted  in  the preparation of this report:

| Materiality  The material environmental and social issues were  reviewed, identified, and prioritized periodically with  inputs from the stakeholders and the management, which  are disclosed in this ESG Report.  Quantitative  The Group data records disclosed in this report comes  from the internal record and documentations. Indicators  are disclosed in quantitative terms whenever possible,  with relevant standards, methodologies, assumptions, and  conversion factors have also been stated in this report.  Balance  The content and data provided in the report are unbiased  to disclose the Group's progress and challenges in ESG.  Consistency  The Group continuously adopts a consistent measurement  methodology to achieve a meaningful comparison of ESG  data over time, whenever practicable.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2. ESG GOVERNANCE

The  Board  is  responsible  for  the  Group's  ESG  strategy  and reporting. An ESG Committee was established to assist the Board in  evaluating,  prioritizing,  and  managing  material  ESG  issues. The ESG committee also supports the Board in formulating the overall ESG strategy and reviewing the progress and results of ESG-related goals.

Reporting  directly  to  the  Deputy  Chairman  and  Managing Director, the ESG committee comprises relevant key members of the  management team and is supported at operational levels. They plan and formulate the Group's approach, initiatives, and strategy,  including  the  processes  used  to  evaluate,  prioritize, and manage ESG related issues and risks. They work closely with a  diverse  set  of  stakeholders,  including  customers,  suppliers, dealers,  local  communities,  media,  and  government  bodies to better understand the concerns and expectations. The ESG  committee  also  introduces  various  ESG  policies  as  well  as strengthen existing policies and guidelines.

## 3. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

In  compliance with the ESG Reporting guide, in 2022, the ESG Committee  has  conducted  practical  engagement  with  internal departmental  personnel  and  external  stakeholders  including customers,  suppliers,  dealers,  local  communities,  media,  and government  bodies  to  identify  sustainability  issues  that  are considered relevant and important to the Group's business and its operations. The ESG Committee took reference from previous years'  list  of  material  ESG  issues  against  the  outcome  from interviews and surveys conducted. A list of prioritized ESG issues was further established, which was reviewed and approved by the ESG Committee. Below are the material ESG issues identified:-

<!-- image -->

| Environmental  Use of Resources  Emissions  Environment Compliance  Social  Employment and Labour Standard  Development and Training  Occupational Health and Safety  Operating Practices  Anti-Corruption  Community Investment   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. ENVIRONMENT

The  Group's  business  operations  focus  in  providing  customer services  on  sales,  distribution,  and  transportation  of  motor vehicles; therefore, the Group does not foresee its operations to have significant impact directly on the environment and natural resources.  The  Group's  general  approach  and  policies  are  to operate in a sustainable manner and utilising resources efficiently and actively monitoring any Green House Gas ('GHG') emissions. While the Group has yet to identify the topic of climate change as a material ESG issue, it recognizes the corporate responsibility to  support  local  governments  in  their  plan  to  reach  net  zero and will continue to maintain in compliance with the applicable environmental laws and regulations set by the local regulators in the region.

In Singapore, the business is on track with the plan to have a full line up of electrified passenger vehicles under the Nissan brand by 2023. In 2022, electrified passenger vehicles made up about 99% of total Nissan passenger vehicles sales in Singapore, making Nissan one of the top five selling electrified vehicles brand in the country. The efforts have positioned the Group well ahead of the government's green plan that restrict the sales of new passenger vehicles in Singapore to only electrified models (i.e., full battery electric vehicles and hybrids) by 2030.

With the successful introduction of Subaru Forester E-Boxer in Singapore in 2022, Subaru plans to include an E-Boxer GT variant in 2023 and will continue to expand more hybrid and electrified models in the foreseeable future towards 2025.

## 4.1 Use of Resources

The Group recognises the scarcity of global resources and believes in  the  importance  of  operating  its  businesses  in  a  sustainable manner.  The  group-wide  policies  on  resource  consumption, instruction  and  supervision  are  provided  to  ensure  proper  use of  resources,  including  active  use  in  recycling  and  re-used  of materials by respective subsidiaries.

## 4.1.1 Energy

The  Group's  major  sources  of  energy  consumption  come  from the use of light diesel oil in the transportation business under the ZERO. In Japan, ZERO's business is positioned as the hub in vehicle transportation business and handles more than 3 million units of new vehicles and used cars a year. For the automobilerelated businesses such as vehicle maintenance and car auctions, general cargo transportation business and the human resources, ZERO is actively looking into the use of new fuel products such as  Electrofuel  ('e-Fuel')  to  reduce  the  GHG  emission  as  well as  replacement of their vehicle fleets to electrified automated vehicles that will reduce the dependence of light diesel oil.

## Table 1. Energy consumption

The energy conversion factors used as noted to the table: a) 1 litre of gasoline is equivalent to 9.5 kWh and b) 1 litre of light diesel oil is equivalent to 0.264172 of gallon, 1 gallon of diesel oil is equivalent to 40.7 kWh. Source of energy conversion factors from Energy Information Administration. U.S.

| Energy consumption  Unit  2022  (Equivalent in kWh'000)  Total Energy consumption  -  Electricity  -  Light Diesel Oil  -  Gasoline  kWh  kWh  Litre  Litre  18,799,395  21,565,751  1,094,331  261,066  18,799  231,871  10,396  Energy intensity  kWh / m 2  561.48   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*The  Group's  initiatives  to  reduce  5%  of  energy  consumption  by  2030  on  target baseline of 2021. The energy consumption decreased by 1.17% in 2022 as compared with 2021.

## 4.1.2 Water

The Group places emphasis on water conservation and understands  the  importance  of  water  which  is  essential  for a  healthy  society  and  environment.  Clean  water  scarcity  and declining  water  quality  affects  people's  lives,  as  well  as  the economy. The Group's major sources of water consumption come from the washing of vehicles and equipment.  Although there is no issue in sourcing water, the Group has been gradually reducing the amount of water usage since 2016. The business operation unit  heads  ('BUH')  have  continued  to  make  improvements  in reducing water usage through various large and small initiatives including one of which is to 'wipe clean instead of wash clean'. Moving  forward,  the  head  of  departments  ('HOD')  from across various subsidiaries in the region, through working with respective  stakeholders  and  tapping  onto  suppliers'  expertise plan to introduce new initiatives, under the 'do more with less water' campaign.

## Table 2. Water consumption

| Water consumption  Unit  2022  Total water consumption  M 3  111,965  Water intensity  M 3  / m  2  0.24   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*The Group's initiatives to reduce 8% of water usage by 2030 on target baseline of 2021. The water consumption decreased by 0.76% in 2022 as compared with 2021.

## 4.1.3 Packaging Material

The  Group's  core  businesses  are  in  sales,  distribution,  and transportation  of  motor  vehicles,  this  does  not  require  much packaging  materials.  The  Group's  major  sources  of  packaging material  consumption  come  from  its  logistic  operation  for packing  and  shipping  of  Completely  Knocked  Down  ('CKD') vehicle  components  to  the  overseas  assembling  plant.  The company  has  established  a  recycling  system,  where  recyclable materials  are  actively  used,  the  packaging  specifications  and design are reviewed regularly to avoid excessive packaging and improve space efficiency in transit.

Table 3. Packaging material consumption

| Packaging material consumption  Unit  2022  Total packaging material consumption  Tonnes  440  Cardboard  Tonnes  408  Expanded Polystyrene ('EPS')  Tonnes  32   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*The Group's initiatives to reduce 5% of packaging materials usage by 2030 on target baseline of 2021. The packaging material consumption decreased by 0.68% in 2022 as compared with 2021.

## 4.2 Emissions

The  Group's  major  sources  of  emissions  come  from  our transportation  business  operations,  and  we  recognize  our corporate responsibility to take measures such as reduction of  CO 2   emission  and  carbon  offsetting,  which  impact  the environment.  The  Group's  typical  carbon  neutral  measures include 1) replacement of electrified automated vehicles; 2) introducing educational training programs to promoted ecodriving  to  all  the  drivers  and  3)  using  of  new  fuel  product such as Electrofuel ('e-Fuel').

The Group's CO 2  emissions vary from year to year due to changes in the number of vehicles employed, the volume of transportation required, the nature of transportation, etc. The Group has set an internal target of reducing CO 2  emissions by 1% or more per year based on fuel consumption efficiency rather than on total volume standards.

## 4.2.1 Waste Management

Waste  management  can  be  defined  as  all  the  activities  that are required to manage waste from the point of collecting the waste  to  recycling  and  monitoring.  The  Group's  policies  with regard  to  resources  consumption,  instructions,  and  supervision are implemented to ensure a proper use in recycling, reuse and reduce  in  each  of  the  operational  functions  of  all  subsidiaries and across the region. Activities related to environmental impact are  currently  managed by individual BUH and they have been maintained in compliance with applicable laws and regulations at all business operation sites.

## 4.2.1.1 Hazardous Waste

Hazardous waste in the automotive industry are mainly the used batteries, used oils, leftover vehicle paints, waste lubricants, used sealants, used thinner or solvent, etc. The Group strives to ensure that hazardous wastes are stored, collected, and disposed off in compliance with local laws and regulations. The Group's polices in the handling of hazardous waste in a safe manner adheres to 1) classify hazardous waste and store in designated sections; 2) keep hazardous waste in solid containers that are acid/solventresistant  to  prevent  leakage  or  corrosion;  3)  implement  clear work instructions and standard operating procedures ('SOP') for staff to handle hazardous waste disposal and 4) dispose waste through government-appointed disposal companies.

## Table 4. Hazardous waste disposal

The conversion factors used as noted to the table: a) 1 litre of liquid  hazardous  waste  is  equivalent  to  1.022  kg  and  b)  1  m3 of  oil  interceptor  waste  is  equivalent  to  852.11  kg.  Source  of conversion factors from Energy Information Administration. U.S.

| Hazardous waste disposal  Unit  2022  (Equivalent in tonnes)  Total weight of hazardous waste  Tonnes  58,229  Liquid hazardous waste  Litre  679,064  694  Solid hazardous waste  Kg  655,154  655  Oil interceptor waste  M 3  66,753  56,880   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- *The Group's initiatives to reduce 5% of hazardous waste by 2030 on target baseline of 2021. The hazardous waste increased by 0.51% in 2022 as compared with 2021.

## 4.2.1.2 Non-Hazardous Waste

Non-hazardous  waste  includes  any  rubbish  or  recycling  that cause  no  harm  to  human  or  environmental  health.  Under  the Groups non-hazardous waste policies, we have further classified non-hazardous waste to include only waste generated within the business operations, and that the policy further categorized the items as follows 1) cardboard; 2) newspaper and magazines; 3) confidential documents; 4) mixed paper, other paper in shredded form and 5) paper waste, etc.

The Group actively promotes the cultivation of the 3Rs-reduce, reuse,  and  recycle  to  minimize  the  non-hazardous  waste.  The Group's  BUH  work  closely  with  government-certified  suppliers for  the  disposal  of  non-hazardous  wastes  in  compliance  with relevant local laws and regulations.

## Table 5. Non-hazardous waste disposal

| Non-hazardous waste disposal  Unit  2022  Total non-hazardous waste disposal  Tonnes  1,448   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*The  Group's  initiatives  to  reduce  3%  of  non-hazardous  waste  by  2030  on  target baseline of 2021. The non-hazardous waste decreased by 0.96% in 2022 as compared with 2021.

## 4.2.1.3 Wastewater Management

Wastewater is mainly generated through the vehicles washing process in the workshops. The Group has equipped the workshops with oil interceptors to properly process wastewater. Phosphate sludge and wastewater sludge are normally found in the  oil  interceptors.  The  Group's  subsidiaries  engage  qualified government-appointed disposal companies to handle the disposal of wastewater sludge in compliance with the relevant laws and regulations.  Under  the  company's  wastewater  management policy, it is a requirement to have water treatment facility to be installed  to  treat  and  remove  any  harmful  materials  or  agents before discharging the water to the sewage in accordance with local government regulations.

## 4.2.1.4 Air Emission

The  Group  does  not  engage  in  heavy  industrial  operations that  consumes  huge  quantities  of  natural  resources  and  emits large amount of air pollutants. Since the Group engage mainly on  vehicle  sales,  distribution,  and  transportation  businesses, in  this  reporting  period,  air  emissions  were  not  identified  in the  materiality  assessment  as  material  to  the  Group's  business operations.  Therefore,  the  data  for  the  aforementioned  issues are not disclosed in this report.

## 4.2.1.5 Green House Gas (''GHG'') Emissions

The Group's major sources of GHG or carbon emissions is mainly from the use of fuels and electricity. The Group has implemented relevant measures to improve energy efficiency and reduce GHG emission  for  both  fuel  usage  and  electricity  consumption.  The Group will continue to renew its transportation fleets by replacing with electrified automated vehicles and will consistently upgrade its  operation  facilities  and  equipment  to  gain  better  energy efficiency.

## Table 6. GHG emissions

The emission factor used as note to the table: a) 1 litre of light diesel  oil  has  emission  of  2.58  and  b)  1  litre  of  gasoline  has emission factor of 2.32. Source of emission factors from Energy Information Administration. U.S.

| GHG emissions  Unit  2022  Total GHG emissions  Tonnes CO 2 e  65,407  Scope 1 Direct emissions  Tonnes CO 2 e  58,178  Scope 2 Indirect emissions  Tonnes CO 2 e  7,088  GHG emission intensity  Tonnes CO 2 e / m 2  0.14   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- *The Group's initiatives to reduce 3% of GHG emissions by 2030 on target baseline of 2021. The GHG emissions decreased by 0.92% in 2022 as compared with 2021.
- **  Scope  1  emissions  are  direct  GHG  emissions  that  occur  from  sources  that  are controlled or owned by an organization (e.g., vehicles).
- *** Scope 2 emissions are indirect GHG emissions associated with the purchase of electricity, steam, heat, or cooling. Although scope 2 emissions physically occur at the facility  where they are generated, they are accounted for in an organization's GHG inventory because they are a result of the organization's energy use.

## 4.3 Environment Compliance

To  the  best  of  the  Group's  knowledge  during  the  reporting period, there were no reported incidents of non-compliance with any environmental laws and regulations regionally.

## 5. SOCIAL

## 5.1 Employment and Labour Standard

The Group promotes equal opportunities, fairness, and respect in  our  employment  policies.  Our  recruitment,  training,  career development, compensation, promotion, termination, and other  employment-related  policies  do  not  discriminate  on  the grounds of gender, age, marital status, religion, race, nationality, disability,  or  any  status  protected  by  law.  In  accordance  with

local  laws,  employees  are  entitled  to  paid  holidays,  including statutory  holidays,  annual  leave,  maternity  leave,  paternity leave, compassionate leave and sick leave.

By the end of 2022, most of the markets that the Group operates in have become more COVID-19 resilient leading to the easing of the community measures. This has helped the Group's businesses to  resume  at  a  normal  level.  Nevertheless,  to  ensure  business continuity, the Group's COVID-19 taskforce will continue to keep track of the latest COVID-19 situation and provide advice to staff whenever necessary. Mask wearing in general is optional within the workplace.  However, staff are encouraged to wear a mask when engaged in face-to-face meetings. Special medical leave arrangements are available for employees who fall sick due to COVID-19.    In  addition,  staggered  working  hours,  work  from home arrangements are some other measures implemented to keep the workplace a safer environment for all.

The  Group  respects  the  basic  human  rights  of  individuals  and does not tolerate the use of children or forced labour in any of its business operations and facilities. During recruitment, the age of the applicants is verified with identification documents to ensure that  no  underage  labour  is  employed,  and  any  case  of  noncompliance will be investigated immediately. To the best of the Group's knowledge during the reporting period, there were no reported incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations relating to employment practices and labour standards such as child labour or forced labour.

Table 7. Employee statistics

| Employee figures  by categories  Number of  employees as at  31 Dec 2022  Turnover rate  in 2022  Total employee  9,983  15.0%  By gender  - Male  8,478  14.9%  - Female  1,505  15.4%  By employment type  - Full time  4,034  12.6%  - Part time  5,949  16.6%  By age group  - Under 30  1,061  15.3%  - 30 - 50  4,483  9.3%  - Over 50  4,439  20.8%  By geographical  region  - Japan  8,544  14.1%  - Singapore  815  21.1%  - Thailand  624  18.8%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Part-time  or  casual  employees  are  mainly  dispatched  workers  from  transportation business operations.

## 5.2 Development and Training

The  Group  encourages  continuous  learning  and  invests  in  the development of professional, technical, and leadership skills of our employees. Both in-house and external training are provided to  employees  at  all  levels  to  enhance  their  competencies  and effectiveness  so  that  they  can  be  better  equipped  to  meet the  challenges  of  this  fast-changing  business  environment.  In addition, employees who have shown good performances and dedication in their work may be sponsored for related courses/ conferences/seminars organized by accredited institutions or professional organizations  as part of their professional development.

Employees are required to complete training on key areas of our business relating to technical and soft skills training. The Group believes that continuous learning supports the development of employee's key capabilities which will help them succeed in their roles and fulfill their responsibilities.

The training sessions were largely delivered via a digital learning platform. These training includes product knowledge, customer handling and safety training.

Table 8. Employee training statistics

| Employee training in 2022  Percentage of  staff who received  training in 2022  Average  training hours  completed per  employee  By gender  - Male  28%  8.87  - Female  16%  2.33  By employment  category  - Management  47%  6.55  - Non-management  23%  8.01   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5.3 Occupational Health and Safety

The  Group  is  committed  to  ensuring  the  safety  and  health  of all  employees.  In  Singapore,  safety  circulars  are  disseminated via  the  intranet  to  remind all  employees of the importance of workplace safety. The wide range of topics includes prevention of heat injuries, execution of toolbox meetings and identifying workplace hazards.

In Thailand, the Group provides all necessary safety equipment and uniforms. Indoor air quality is also constantly measured to provide  a  safe  environment  for  the  workers,  with  specialists conducting routine checks. All air circulation systems have highquality filters which are replaced monthly, and a full-time nurse mans  the  medical  centre.  There  is  a  safety  reporting  system in  place,  where  staff  can  report  safety  incidents  or  provide suggestions  to  the  safety  committee,  which  comprises  of  staff from various departments. The safety committee also conducts audits  and  investigations  such  as  inspection  of  environmental workplace  examining  illumination  level,  noise  level,  chemical exposure, and air exhaustion, etc. The safety committee members also  performs  safety  patrol  every  month,  walking  round  the premises  to  do  site  inspection  and  rectify  issues  with  the  area supervisor to prevent hazards at the respective workstations. In addition, the safety committee conducts drinking water quality tests  every  2  months  to  ensure  purified  water  is  supplied  and linked to all water dispensers.  The safety committee regularly organizes health and safety awareness initiatives such as 'Safety Week' and other training courses such as basic safety orientation course  for  contractors,  safe  ride  campaign  for  those  who travel  to  work  by  motorbike,  safe  driving  campaign  for  those who  travel  long  distance,  safe  forklift  and  tow  truck  driving, emergency  response  for  chemical  spills,  fire  evacuation  drills, Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation ('CPR') and use the Automated External  Defibrillator  ('AED')  skills  etc.  Under  COVID-19,  the safety committee conducted training to educate staff on infection and  vaccination  to  encourage  all  staff  to  go  for  vaccination ensuring 100% full vaccination at work.

The  Group  is  committed  to  keeping  our  workplaces  COVID-19 free by following government guidelines closely and requiring staff who tested positive to stay home for self-recovery before returning  to  work.  Employees  are  also  encouraged  to  go  for additional  vaccinations  as  per  government's  guidelines  and update  their  vaccination  status  to  the  company  whenever applicable. These measures have been effective in mitigating the risk of COVID-19 at the workplace.

To  the  best  of  the  Group's  knowledge  during  the  reporting period, there were no reported incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations relating to occupational health and safety.

Table 9. Occupational health and safety statistics

| Occupational health and safety statistics  Unit  2022  Number of work-related fatalities*  Number  0  Fatality rate  %  0  Number of lost days due to work injuries  Days  842   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*The number of work-related fatalities in 2020 and 2021 was zero [0] and zero [0] respectively.

## 5.4 Operating Practices

## 5.4.1 Supply Chain Management

The Group's business operations do not deal with purchase of any raw materials, the upstream supply chain. The Group's suppliers are  from  the  downstream  supply  chain,  which  refers  to  the suppliers' business activities are all post-manufacturing. Suppliers that the Group deals with are mainly in supporting the Group's business  operations  in  transportation,  distribution  of  vehicles to  the  final  customers.  The  Group's  Supply  Chain  Management ('SCM') system have put in place a rigorous controls and systems of record to make sure there are no wastage of resources and that all suppliers are in compliant with the contracted agreements.

The SCM system ensures that contracting processes are fair and tries  to  encourage  suppliers  to  reduce  any  negative  social  and environmental impacts caused by their  businesses.  The  flow  of information is critical to the overall SCM system performance. The BUH are in regular communication with the suppliers to help the entire supply chain to optimize the productivity and improve the operations. Transparency in the supply chain can help to build and solidify a strong, long-term relationships that benefit everyone.

The Group foresee the practices to identify and manage ESG risks along  the  supply  chain  and  measures  used  to  promote  green procurement are not relevant to the Group's nature of business and therefore are considered not material.

Table 10. Number of suppliers by geographical region

| Number of suppliers by geographical region  Unit  2022  Japan  Number  182  Singapore  Number  306  Thailand  Number  391   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5.4.2 Product Responsibility

The  Group  is  committed  to  provide  products  and  services maintaining  high  standards  of  quality  and  offering  value  for money to the customers and consumers in a responsible manner. We  are  in  constant  communication  with  the  manufacturers, dealers,  and  suppliers,  making  sure  that  all  customer  feedback are  fed  through  the  supply  chain  for  improvements.  We  have processes in place to manage technical issues or recalls, guided by the manufacturers, that might affect vehicle performance or passenger safety.

In  Japan,  ZERO's  customer  service  centres  have  obtained  the 'G-Mark',  this  is  a  certification  issued  by  the  Japan  Truck Association for those Japanese transportation company who has achieved excellence in safety. And in Thailand, the assembly plant has obtained the ISO9001 certification in quality assurance.

Advertising  and  labelling relating to products  and  services provided are not relevant to the Group's nature of business and therefore are considered not material.

## 5.4.2.1 Service-related Complaints

The Group strives to provide excellent customer service and will always continue to maintain a healthy customer relationship. Our Customer Success Policy ensures that all complaints are handled as efficiently and effectively as possible. Complaints made to the company are overseen and followed up by our customer service management team. After a complaint is received, if no immediate resolution is applicable, further investigation will take place. This process  may  take  some  time,  in  which  case,  the  customer  will be  updated with the reason(s)  for  the  delay  and  the  expected timeframe towards resolution. If the customer is not satisfied with the response rendered, he/she may instruct the customer service team to escalate the complaint to senior management directly. If so, a senior management representative will be made available to address the complaint as soon as possible. The Group received only a small number of complaints relating to its products and services during the reporting period. In addition, all cases were resolved following the above policy.

## 5.4.2.2 Personal Data

In  Singapore,  the  Data  Protection  Team,  headed  by  the  Data Protection Officer ('DPO') works together with the Data Protection  Committee  which  consists  of  relevant  departments representatives to ensure that the business units are in compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act of Singapore.

In  Japan,  a  principal  corporate  officer  has  been  assigned  to take charge of information security management and establish information, security management structure, as well as implement appropriate  measures  to  protect  the  Group's  confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information assets.

In  Thailand,  before  the  Personal  Data  Protection  Act  became effective  on  1  June  2022,  the  Group  worked  with  its  local external lawyers to review the business operations that handle personal  data  and  provided  training  for  employees  to  learn and better understand privacy laws. The lawyers assisted to set up appropriate practices  and  policies  relating  to  personal  data that were implemented from 1 June 2022. Periodic reviews and feedback will be conducted on the new practices and policies to ensure that the Group is in compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act of Thailand.

To  the  best  of  the  Group's  knowledge  during  the  reporting period, there were no reported incidents of non-compliance with any personal data laws.

## 5.4.2.3 Intellectual Property Rights Management

The Group is  committed  to  upholding  and  safeguarding  intellectual property rights. We work closely with specialist legal professionals to  ensure  that  intellectual  property  rights  are  protected  and comply with all applicable intellectual property laws. They assist to  manage  the  Group's  trademark  portfolio,  providing  regular update  on  intellectual  property  laws,  develops  strategies  that address and protect trademark requirements, handles the filing of  new  trademark  applications  and  maintenance  of  registered trademarks.

## 5.4.2.4 Product Recall Practice

When  the  Group  receives a recall  announcement  from  a manufacturer, our related business units will initiate an internal recall process which comply with the standard guidelines issued by  the  manufacturer.  All  safety  related  Manufacturers'  vehicle recalls are reported to relevant local authorities.

Table 11. Product recalls in 2022 due to safety and health reasons

| Recall  Period  Reason for Recall  Countermeasure  No. of  Affected  Vehicles  Jun-22  Abnormal Noise  from Rear Wheel  Inspect Wheel Hub  SG (148)  Jul-22  Back Lamp Switch  Failure  Replace Switch  SG (25)  TH (93)  Jul-22  Crack in Electronic  Parking Brake  ('EPB') Adapter  Cord Connector  Replace Connector  SG (2,010)  TH (1,920)  Nov-22  Defect Front  Seatbelt  Replace Front Seatbelt  TH (1)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*To the best of the Group's knowledge there was no non-compliance with the laws and regulations relating to the product responsibility.

## 5.5 Anti-Corruption and Internal Control Systems

The  Group's  Anti-Corruption  Policy  adopted  by  the  Company pursuant to the Board resolution passed in 2022 stating that the Company prohibits any form of fraud or bribery, and is committed to prevention, deterrence, detection, reporting and investigation of all forms of fraud and bribery. The Group will not tolerate all forms of bribery and corruption and is committed to observing and  upholding  our  core  values  of  high  standards  of  business integrity,  honesty,  fairness,  impartiality  and  transparency  in  all its business dealings at all times. The Company shall review this Policy periodically to improve its effectiveness.

The Policy sets out the basic standard of conduct which applies to all directors, officers and employees of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively known as 'employees'). It  also  provides  guidance  to  all  employees  on  acceptance  of advantage and handling of conflict of interest when dealing with the Company's business. The Group also encourages and expects our business partners including suppliers, contractors and clients to abide by the principles of the Policy.

All  employees  must  comply  with  all  local  laws  and  regulations when conducting  the  business  of  the  Company  and  its  wholly owned subsidiaries,  and  also  those  in  other  jurisdictions  when conducting business there. Failure to comply with the Policy and applicable laws and regulations relating to anti-corruption may result in disciplinary action that the Company deems fit and where applicable, criminal prosecution against the parties concerned.

If an employee becomes aware of any actual or suspected breach of this Policy, he / she must report such incidents in accordance with  the  reporting  channels  and  process  stated  in  the  Group's Whistleblowing Policy.

## Table 12. Anti-corruption

| ## Anti-corruption  2022  Convicted cases of corruption reported  to the ESG Committee (cases)  0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group's  Whistle  Blowing  Policy  adopted  by  the  Company pursuant  to  the  Board  resolution  passed  in  2022  allows  staff to  raise  concerns  on  possible  acts  of  fraud,  dishonesty,  and misconduct to the Company's internal audit team. The Company's internal  audit  team  will  review  the  concern(s)  and  make  the appropriate investigation arrangement and discuss / report the findings  to  the  Audit  Committee  of  the  Company.  The  Group shall  endeavour  to  protect  staff  confidentiality  and  anonymity. All individuals shall be protected against any reprisal unless there is evidence of malicious reporting.

The Group's code of conduct specifies for employees on how to act with integrity in all activities and serves as a tool to safeguard against corruption within the Group. The purpose of these rules is to contribute to the early detection and correction of improper acts  and  the  strengthening  of  compliance  management  by  a system  for  handling  consultations  and  reports  from  employees of  the  company  and  its  consolidated  subsidiaries  regarding organizational or individual violations of laws and regulations.

## Table 13. Code of Conduct

| Code of Conduct  2022  Breaches of Code of Conduct reported  to the ESG Committee (cases)  0   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

To the best of the Group's knowledge during the reporting period, there  were  no  reported  legal  cases  regarding  corrupt  practices brought against the Group or its employees.

## 5.6 Community

The Group  believes corporate community  involvement  can provide the company with a platform for showcasing employee competencies  and  the  Group's  corporate  values.  The  Group's Corporate  Social  Responsibility  ('CSR')  activities  extend  across the South-East Asia region where it operates.

<!-- image -->

Above  picture  shows  Rohoboth  Children's  Centre  located  in Philippines.  The  centre  houses  children  age  between  4  and  21 years  old,  who  are  abandoned  with  disabilities,  regardless  of gender.

In  Singapore,  the  Group  had  extended  the  Zebra  Exhibit  and the  adoption  of  Giraffes  'Marco  &amp;  Jubilee'  for  another  year  in 2022. The Group also supported the Methodist Welfare Services ('MWS') Fellowship on the Greens charity golf tournament. The funds  raised  are  channeled  to  MWS'  21  centers  and  programs that  provide  care  and  support  for  over  8,000  beneficiaries regardless  of  race  and  religion,  in  particular  1)  Individuals  and families to meet urgent and basic living needs due to sudden loss of  employment or greatly reduced income; 2) Families to clear debts and build emergency savings for a more stable future for their children; 3) Low-income seniors who need but cannot afford long-term medical/nursing care; 4) Seniors who are at a greater risk of isolation and developing mental issues to stay engaged in the community through outreach programmes and befriending and 5) At-risk youths to receive individualized care and support towards their healing and reintegration back to their families and community.

A  desire  for  a  clean  environment  represents  a  powerful  sense of  destiny  and  hope  for  the  future.  The  Group  recognized  the importance of having a clean environment around us. In Japan, ZERO have initiated community's cleanup. Zero gather employees who volunteer on a regular basis to pick up, remove trash, plastic, and other debris in neighborhood and public places. In 2022, ZERO expanded this cleanup campaign to more locations in Japan.

Providing  a  person  with  a  prosthesis  doesn't  just  change  that individual life, it potentially improves the future of families as well. In Thailand, as part of the Group's CSR activities, a programme to improve the living quality of the disabled helped collected 10.4 kg of recycled pull ring tabs, which was donated to the Prostheses Foundation of Her Royal Highness ('HRH') the Princess Mother. The amount raised was enough to produce 10 prosthetic limbs, which helped restore the abilities of 10 people.

## CORPORATE I NFORMATION

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

CHAIRMAN

Mr. Tan Eng Soon @

## DEPUTY CHAIRMAN AND

MANAGING DIRECTOR

Mr. Glenn Tan Chun Hong

## DEPUTY CHAIRMAN AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Mr. Joseph Ong Yong Loke

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR Mr. Tan Kheng Leong

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - FINANCE

Mdm. Sng Chiew Huat

## NON - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Ms. Gillian Tan Tsui Lyn

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Ng Kim Tuck *

Mr. Azman Bin Badrillah #

Mr. Prechaya Ebrahim @

Mr. Teo Ek Kee *#

Mr. Charles Tseng Chia Chun *@

* Audit Committee Members
- # Remuneration Committee Members
- @ Nomination Committee Members

<!-- image -->

## JOINT SECRETARIES

Ms. Teo Siok Ghee Ms. Liew Daphnie Pingyen

## AUDITORS

KPMG Certified Public Accountants Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance 8/F, Prince's Building 10 Chater Road Central, Hong Kong

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Clarendon House 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda

## PRINCIPAL PLACES OF BUSINESS

HONG KONG Unit 3001, 30th Floor, Shui On Centre, 6-8 Harbour Road, Wanchai  Hong Kong

## SINGAPORE

Tan Chong Motor Centre 911 Bukit Timah Road Singapore 589622

<!-- image -->

## BERMUDA RESIDENT REPRESENTATIVE

Codan Services Limited

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited United Overseas Bank Limited

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited 4th Floor North, Cedar House, 41 Cedar Avenue, Hamilton HM12, Bermuda

## BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong

## STOCK CODE

693

## DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PROFILE

## CHAIRMAN

## Mr. Tan Eng Soon

Aged 74, is the Chairman of the Company and is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Group. He is also a director of ZERO Company Limited, a listed company on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.  Mr.  Tan  was  the  director  of  Tan  Chong  Motor Holdings Berhad ('TCMH') and APM Automotive Holdings Berhad  ('APM'),  listed  companies  on  Bursa  Malaysia.  He ceased to act as the director of TCMH and APM on 30 June 2012  and  22  May  2013  respectively.  Mr.  Tan  joined  TCMH after qualifying as an Engineer from the University of New South Wales, Australia, in 1971. He is the father of Mr. Glenn Tan Chun Hong, an executive Director and Ms. Gillian Tan Tsui Lyn, a non-executive Director, and the cousin of Mr. Tan Kheng Leong, an executive Director of the company.

## DEPUTY CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR

## Mr. Glenn Tan Chun Hong

Aged 45,  is  the  Deputy  Chairman  and  Managing  Director of the Company, and is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Group. He joined the Group in September 2001. He is a director of ZERO Company Limited, a listed company on the Tokyo  Stock  Exchange  effective  from  26  September  2014. Mr. Glenn Tan graduated from Santa Clara University, USA with a Bachelor of Science in Commerce, Management, in 1998. He is the son of Mr. Tan Eng Soon, the Chairman of the Group, the brother of Ms. Gillian Tan Tsui Lyn, a nonexecutive Director, and the nephew of Mr. Tan Kheng Leong, an executive Director of the company.

## DEPUTY CHAIRMAN AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

## Mr. Joseph Ong Yong Loke

Aged 74, is the Deputy Chairman of the Company. Mr. Ong was  re-designated  from  an  Executive  Director  to  a  NonExecutive Director on 30 March 2016. He was the Managing Director of the Company at its listing in 1998 until 30 March 2016. He joined the Group in 1981 and has served in a number of senior capacities in Singapore before his posting to Hong Kong  in  1992.  Mr.  Ong  is  a  Non-Executive  Chairman  and Lead  Independent  Director  of  Mooreast  Holdings  Limited, a  listed  company  on  the  Singapore  Exchange  Limited.  Mr. Ong, a Chartered Surveyor, graduated with a BSc. (Building Economics)  from  the  University  of  Reading  in  the  United Kingdom  in  1971.  His  previous  work  experience  includes appointments with the Singapore Ministry of Defence and Straits Steamship Co Limited from 1976 to 1980.

<!-- image -->

54

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## Mr. Tan Kheng Leong (Tan Hoy Shoi)

Aged 80,  is  the  Deputy  Managing  Director  of  the  Nissan  motor operations in Singapore and a director of several subsidiaries of the Group. Mr. Tan joined TCMH soon after completing his education in 1962. Over the past 50 years, Mr. Tan has worked in all areas of the Group's motor and industrial business. He is the cousin of Mr. Tan Eng Soon, the Chairman and executive Director and the uncle of Mr. Glenn Tan Chun Hong and Ms. Gillian Tan Tsui Lyn, Directors of the Company.

## Mdm. Sng Chiew Huat

Aged 75, is the Finance Director of the Company. Mdm. Sng, who joined the Group in 1977, completed her degree in Accountancy from  the  University  of  Singapore  in  1970.  She  commenced  her working  career  in  the  same  year  with  Chartered  Industries  Pte Ltd  where  she  rose  to  the  position  of  Deputy  Chief  Accountant before  leaving  to  become  the  Chief  Accountant  of  Singapore Ceramics Limited in 1974. Mdm. Sng obtained a Master of Business Administration degree from the Oklahoma City University in 1993. She is a Lifetime Member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants, a Fellow of CPA Australia (FCPA), and a Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (FCCA).

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

## Ms. Gillian Tan Tsui Lyn

Aged 43, was appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company in February 2023. Ms. Gillian Tan is currently the Founder-Director of  television  production  company,  Munkysuperstar  Pictures  Pte Ltd and online television channel Clicknetwork in Singapore. With over 20 years of experience spanning broadcast television, online video  and  advertising,  Ms.  Gillian  Tan  has  served  as  Executive Producer,  Director,  Producer  and  Writer  across  multiple  scripted and unscripted genres, with an extensive portfolio of 12 television shows, 35 online shows and numerous branded content campaigns for international brands. Ms. Gillian Tan started her career in San Francisco  in  2000,  working  for  global  advertising  agency  TBWA Worldwide and the US Federal Reserve.  Ms. Gillian Tan graduated with honors from Santa Clara University, U.S.A. with Bachelor of Arts in Communication in 2000. She is the daughter of Mr. Tan Eng Soon, the Chairman and executive Director, the sister of Mr. Glenn Tan Chun Hong, the Deputy Chairman and the Managing Director and the niece of Mr. Tan Kheng Leong, an executive Director.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## Mr. Ng Kim Tuck

Aged  68,  was  appointed  as  a  Non-executive  Director  of  the Company  in  June  2011  and  re-designated  as  an  Independent Non-executive  Director  of  the  Company  in  July  2012.  Mr.  Ng  is currently the Senior Audit Advisor to BDO Malaysia. He is a Council Member of the Malaysian Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('MICPA') and was previously a Council Member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants ('MIA') and a Member of the Malaysian Institute of Taxation. Mr. Ng also serves on various committees and working groups of the MICPA. He joined KPMG Malaysia in 1974 and was admitted as a partner of the firm in 1985. He had been the partner-in-charge  of  KPMG  Malaysia's  Audit  Division,  Finance  as well as Risk Management and Ethics and Independence. He was also formerly the Chairman of KPMG Malaysia's Audit and Accounting Committee and retired from the firm in December 2010.

## Mr. Azman Bin Badrillah

Aged 75, was appointed as a Non-executive Director on 1 April 2015 and re-designated as an Independent Nonexecutive Director of the Company on 14 September 2015.  Mr.  Azman  graduated  from  the  University  of Malaya in 1970 with a Bachelor of Economics degree. He  joined  Bank  of  America  ('BOA')  in  Malaysia  in 1971. In 1974, he was assigned to BOA's Asia Division and underwent training at its World Banking Division in  San  Francisco,  USA.  Upon  his  return  to  Malaysia in  1975,  he  worked  at  the  BOA's  Credit  Department for  another 3 years before relocation to its South &amp; East Asia Division, Area Credit Administration, Hong Kong. In 1981, he returned back to Malaysia to take up position at BOA in Kuala Lumpur. His last position with BOA was the officer responsible for its Marketing &amp; Strategic Planning Department.  He resigned from BOA in 1982. Mr. Azman joined TCMH group in 1983 as an executive director of its auto parts industry division. He  was  responsible  for  the  overall  performance  of one of its key product groups. In April 1994, he was appointed as a director to the board of directors of TCMH. He resigned as a director of TCMH in July 2010. He was a director of APM since its listing in 1999. He resigned as a director of APM on 1 June 2013.

## Mr. Prechaya Ebrahim

Aged  61,  was  appointed  as  an  Independent  Nonexecutive Director of the Company on 12 June 2015. Mr.  Prechaya  is  currently  a  partner  in  LS  Horizon Limited, a law firm in Thailand. His areas of expertise include commercial litigation, dispute resolution, labor and employment law and employment benefits. Prior to  joining  LS  Horizon  Limited,  Mr.  Prechaya  worked for Boonchoo  International  &amp;  Associates starting in 1983 and became partner of the firm in 1987. He joined Baker &amp; McKenzie in 1991 and became a local partner  in  1997.Mr.  Prechaya  has  represented  multinational  and  local  corporate  clients  in  large-scale commercial  litigation  and  in  various  areas  including labor construction, banking and finance, intellectual property,  and  involving  international  transactions. In  addition,  he  has  been  very  active  in  the  area  of employment litigation and in arbitration matters. Mr. Prechaya has advised various foreign and local banks as well as large manufacturing companies in Thailand with  respect  to  labor  and  employment  matters.  Mr. Prechaya was conferred a Bachelor of Laws (Honors) degree from Chulalongkorn University in 1983.

## Mr. Teo Ek Kee

Aged  70,  was  appointed  as  an  Independent  Nonexecutive  Director  of  the  Company  on  1  June  2016. Mr. Teo is currently an associate director of equity sales at  Lim  &amp;  Tan  Securities  Private  Limited,  a  brokerage firm  in  Singapore.  Mr.  Teo  has  more  than  20  years experience in the financial services  industry  and  has been involved mainly in equity sales to both corporate and individual clients. Mr. Teo also has vast experience and expertise in human resource management.  Prior to joining Lim &amp; Tan Securities Private Limited in 1993, Mr.  Teo  was  at  DBS  Bank  Limited  in  its  consumer banking department since 1977. His last appointment held  with  DBS  Bank  Limited  was  an  Assistant  Vice

<!-- image -->

President in the human resource department. Mr. Teo joined the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation in 1987 as a director of its administration and personnel department. He was then responsible for all the administration and  human  resource  functions  of  this  company.  Mr.  Teo  was  conferred  a Bachelor  of  Business  Administration  (Second  Class  Upper  Honours)  degree from University of Singapore in 1977.

## Mr. Charles Tseng Chia Chun

Aged 71, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company on 10 January 2022. Mr. Tseng is currently chairman of Qra Sdn. Bhd., an omnichannel grocery start-up business in Malaysia. Mr. Tseng was formerly  chairman  of  Asia  Pacific  for  Korn  Ferry  International,  the  global organisational consultancy. He joined Korn Ferry in 2000 as President of Asia Pacific and was later appointed as the chairman of Asia Pacific in 2018 until his retirement in November 2020. Prior to joining Korn Ferry in 2000, Mr. Tseng was Managing Partner, East Asia for Egon Zehnder, a global search firm. Before that, Mr. Tseng was Group General Manager of Cold Storage in Malaysia, a leading food and retail company in Southeast Asia. Mr. Tseng began his career with  Ford  Motor  Company  as  a  manufacturing  engineer  in  Australia  and subsequently held other manufacturing and marketing positions with Ford in Asia. Mr. Tseng was an independent non-executive director of AEON Co. (M) Berhad ('AEON'), a public company incorporated in Malaysia and listed on Bursa Malaysia, from 2013 until June 2020. He also served as the chairman of nomination committee and a member of audit committee of AEON.  Mr. Tseng has served on the China Advisory Boards of Eli Lilly (a pharmaceutical company) and Faurecia (a global automotive parts manufacturer) and was chairman of the Wharton Asia Executive Board. Mr. Tseng has an M.B.A from The  Wharton  School,  University  of  Pennsylvania,  U.S.A.,  and  a  first-class honors' degree in engineering from the University of Melbourne in Australia.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Ms. Teo Siok Ghee

Aged  70,  is  the  Head  of  Management Affairs  of  the  Group.  Ms.  Teo  was  also appointed as a Joint Company Secretary of the  Company  in  August  2011.  She  joined the Group in 1981. Ms. Teo holds a Bachelor of Commerce (major in Accountancy) from Nanyang  University  and  a  non-practicing member  of  the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.

## Mr. Goh Leng Kwang

Aged 72, is the Head of Corporate Affairs of the Group operations. He joined the Group in 1982 and is a director of several subsidiary companies within the Group. He graduated in  1976  from  Singapore  University  with  a degree in Bachelor of Accountancy.

## Mr. Lee Chow Yoke Samuel

Aged  57,  is  the  Head  of  the  Property Development and Seat Manufacturing division of the Group. Mr. Samuel Lee joined the Group in 1997. He holds a Bachelor of Civil &amp; Structural Engineering (Hons) degree from the University of Sheffield, England.

<!-- image -->

Singapore

## FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

SHAREHOLDERS' FUND (HK$ Millions)

PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE

<!-- image -->

TO SHAREHOLDERS (HK$ Millions)

<!-- image -->

UNITS SOLD

<!-- image -->

EARNINGS PER SHARE (HK$)

<!-- image -->

REVENUE BY BUSINESS TYPE

<!-- image -->

Motor Vehicle Distribution &amp; Dealership

Heavy Coml. Vehicle &amp; Indl. Equipt. Distrib.

Transportation | Property | Others

REVENUE (HK$ Millions)

<!-- image -->

NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE (HK$)

<!-- image -->

SPECIFIED NON-CURRENT ASSETS BY LOCATION

<!-- image -->

## DIVIDENDS

(HK Cents)

<!-- image -->

The directors have pleasure in submitting their annual report together with the audited financial statements of the Company and of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Principal activities and business review

The principal activity of Tan Chong International Limited (the 'Company') is investment holding.  The principal activities and other particulars of the principal subsidiaries are set out in note 16 to the financial statements.  Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, can be found in the Management Discussion and Analysis set out on pages 2 to 5 of this Annual Report. This discussion forms part of this directors' report.

The analysis of the types of businesses and geographical areas of the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the 'Group') during the financial year are set out in note 36 to the financial statements.

## Financial statements

The profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the financial position of the Company and of the Group as at that date are set out in the financial statements on pages 42 to 134.

## Major customers and suppliers

The percentages of sales and purchases from sales of goods and rendering of services attributable to the Group's major customers and suppliers respectively during the financial year are as follows:

| Percentage of the  Group's total  Sales  Purchases  The largest customer  5%  Five largest customers in aggregate  16%  The largest supplier  13%  Five largest suppliers in aggregate  27%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At no time during the year have the directors, their associates or any shareholders of the Company (which to the knowledge of the directors owns more than 5% of the Company's share capital) had any interest in these major customers and suppliers.

## Recommended dividend

An interim dividend of HK2.5 cents (2021: HK1.5 cents) per share was paid on 21 September 2022. The directors now recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK7.5 cents (2021: HK5.0 cents) per share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Share capital

Details of share capital of the Company are set out in note 31(d) to the financial statements.  There were no movements during the year.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT (continued)

## Directors

The directors during the financial year and up to date of this report were:

## Executive directors

Tan Eng Soon Glenn Tan Chun Hong Tan Kheng Leong Sng Chiew Huat

(Chairman) (Deputy Chairman and Managing Director)

(Finance Director)

## Non-executive director

Joseph Ong Yong Loke Gillian Tan Tsui Lyn

(Deputy Chairman) (Appointed on 27 February 2023)

## Independent non-executive directors

Ng Kim Tuck Azman Bin Badrillah Prechaya Ebrahim Teo Ek Kee Charles Tseng Chia Chun

(Appointed on 10 January 2022)

In accordance with Bye-law 84(1) of the Company's Bye-laws, Mr. Tan Eng Soon, Mr. Joseph Ong Yong Loke, Mr. Ng Kim Tuck and Mr. Teo Ek Kee will retire from the Board by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election. In accordance with Bye-law 83(2) of the Company's Bye-laws, Ms. Gillian Tan Tsui Lyn will hold office until the forthcoming annual general meeting, and being eligible, offers herself for re-election.

## Directors' service contracts

No director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has an unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries within one year without payment of compensation, other than normal statutory obligations.

## Connected transactions

During the year, the Group conducted the following continuing connected transactions as defined under Chapter 14A of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Listing Rules').

## (i) Assembly Agreement

TC Subaru Sdn. Bhd. ('TC Subaru'), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Tan Chong Motor Assemblies Sdn. Bhd. ('TCMA') entered into an assembly agreement on 24 August 2021 (the 'Assembly Agreement') in relation to the appointment of TCMA as TC Subaru's assembler to assemble vehicles during the period from 24 August 2021 to 30 June 2023.

TC Subaru anticipated a significant increase on its demand for the assembly services to be provided by TCMA under the Assembly Agreement in the first half of 2023. Accordingly, on 8 December 2022, the Board revised upwards the annual cap for the Assembly Transactions under the Assembly Agreement for the year ending 31 December 2023 from HK$23,500,000 to HK$60,000,000 with terms and conditions of the Assembly Agreement remaining unchanged and effective. Details of the same were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 8 December 2022.

The prices and terms of the transactions under the Assembly Agreement are on arm's length terms taking into account similar services available from independent third parties in the market.

TCMA is a subsidiary of Tan Chong Motor Holdings Berhad ('TCMH'), and Tan Chong Consolidated Sdn. Bhd. ('TCC') is interested in more than 30% of the equity interests in TCMH.  As TCC is a controlling shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company, TCMA is a connected person of the Company and the transactions under the Assembly Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.

## Connected transactions (continued)

## (i) Assembly Agreement (continued)

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the aggregate annual transaction amount under the Assembly Agreement amounted to HK$36,573,000 which was within the annual cap of HK$77,000,000.

Details of the Assembly Agreement and revision of annual cap for the Assembly Agreement were disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated 24 August 2021 and 8 December 2022 respectively.

## (ii) TCMH Agreements

The Group and TCMH and its subsidiaries (the 'TCMH Group') entered into three agreements on 27 November 2019 (the 'Existing TCMH Agreements') in relation to the sale and purchase of motor parts and accessories during the three year period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022.

The prices and terms of the transactions under the Existing TCMH Agreements in respect of the sale and purchase of motor parts and accessories were agreed between the Group and each of the relevant counterparties by way of sales contracts or on an order-by-order basis by way of purchase orders, and are based on arms' length terms taking into account the value and volume of orders and similar products available from independent third parties in the market.

In response to the anticipated customers' demand, the Group would need to purchase more parts and accessories from the TCMH Group under one of the Existing TCMH Agreements in order to fulfil its customers' orders. Accordingly, on 28 May 2020, the Board decided to revise upwards the annual caps for the transactions under the Existing TCMH Agreements for each of the three years ending 31 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 from HK$15,860,000, HK$14,960,000 and HK$15,160,000, respectively, to HK$31,860,000, HK$33,960,000 and HK$36,160,000, respectively.

As the Existing TCMH Agreements expired on 31 December 2022 and the Group would continue to engage in certain sale and purchase of motor parts and accessories with the TCMH Group, three agreements (the 'TCMH Agreements') were entered into between the Group and the TCMH Group on 8 December 2022 in relation to the sale and purchase of motor parts and accessories between the Group and the TCMH Group during the three year period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 (the 'Renewal of the Existing TCMH Agreements').

The Company estimates that the proposed annual cap for the transactions under the TCMH Agreements for each of the three years ending 31 December 2023, 2024 and 2025 will not exceed HK$40,060,000 annually.

TCC is interested in more than 30% of the equity interests in TCMH.  As TCC is a controlling shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company, each member of the TCMH Group is a connected person of the Company and the transactions contemplated under the Existing TCMH Agreements and the TCMH Agreements constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the aggregate annual transaction amount under the Existing TCMH Agreements amounted to HK$18,497,000 which was within the annual cap of HK$36,160,000.

Details of the Existing TCMH Agreements and the Renewal of the Existing TCMH Agreements were disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated 27 November 2019, 28 May 2020 and 8 December 2022.

## (iii) APM Agreements

TC Subaru and the five subsidiaries of APM Automotive Holdings Berhad ('APM'), being APM Climate Control Sdn. Bhd., APM Auto Electrics Sdn. Bhd., APM Coil Spring Sdn. Bhd., APM Automotive Modules Sdn. Bhd. and Auto Parts Manufacturers Co. Sdn. Bhd. (collectively, the 'APM Subsidiaries') entered into five agreements (the 'Existing APM Agreements') respectively on 1 December 2020 for the purchase of certain spare parts from the APM Subsidiaries by TC Subaru during the two year period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2022.

The prices and terms of the transactions under the Existing APM Agreements were agreed between TC Subaru and each of the APM Subsidiaries based on arm's length negotiation. Periodic quotations that are valid for 6 months will be provided by each of the APM Subsidiaries to TC Subaru, taking into account the value and volume of orders and similar comparable parts available in the market from independent third parties.

## Connected transactions (continued)

## (iii) APM Agreements (continued)

As the Existing APM Agreements expired on 31 December 2022 and TC Subaru would continue to purchase certain spare parts from the APM Subsidiaries, five agreements (the 'APM Agreements') were entered into between TC Subaru and each of the APM Subsidiaries respectively on 8 December 2022 for the purchase of certain spare parts from the APM Subsidiaries by TC Subaru during the three year period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 (the 'Renewal of the Existing APM Agreements').

Based on (i) projections in anticipation of spare part replacement orders by TC Subaru's dealers and (ii) the terms of the APM Agreements, the Company estimates that the annual cap for the transactions under the APM Agreements for each of the three years ending 31 December 2023, 2024 and 2025 will not exceed HK$690,000, HK$860,000 and HK$820,000 respectively.

Each of the APM Subsidiaries is a subsidiary of APM, and TCC is interested in more than 30% of the equity interests in APM.  As TCC is a controlling shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company, each of the APM Subsidiaries is  a  connected  person  of  the  Company  and  the  transactions  under  the  Existing  APM  Agreements  and  the  APM Agreements constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the aggregate annual transaction amount under the Existing APM Agreements amounted to HK$343,000 which was within the annual cap of HK$1,000,000.

Details  of  the  Existing  APM  Agreements  and  the  Renewal  of  the  Existing  APM  Agreements  were  disclosed  in  the announcement of the Company dated 1 December 2020 and 8 December 2022 respectively.

## (iv) APM2 Agreements

The Group and APM Group entered into two agreements on 27 November 2019 (the 'Existing APM2 Agreements') in relation to the sale and rental of vehicles, material handling equipment, and forklift during the three year period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022.

The prices and terms of the transactions in respect of the Existing APM2 Agreements were agreed between the Group and APM Group by way of sales or rental contracts and are based on arms' length terms taking into account the value and volume of orders and similar products charged to independent third parties in the market.

As the Existing APM2 Agreements expired on 31 December 2022 and the Group would continue to engage in sale and rental of vehicles, material handling equipment and forklift with the APM Group, two agreements (the 'APM2 Agreements') were entered into between the Group and the APM Group on 8 December 2022 in relation to the sale and rental of vehicles, material handling equipment and forklift by the Group to APM Group during the three year period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 (the 'Renewal of the Existing APM2 Agreements').

Based on (i) projections in anticipation of sales or rental orders to be received under the APM2 Agreements and (ii) the terms of the APM2 Agreements, the Company estimates that the proposed annual cap for the transactions under the APM2 Agreements for each of the three years ending 31 December 2023, 2024 and 2025 will not exceed HK$150,000 annually.

TCC is interested in more than 30% of the equity interests in APM. As TCC is a controlling shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company, each member of the APM Group is a connected person of the Company and the transactions under the Existing APM2 Agreements and the APM2 Agreements constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the aggregate annual transaction amount under the Existing APM2 Agreements amounted to HK$110,000 which was within the annual cap of HK$150,000.

Details of the APM2 Agreements and the Renewal of the Existing APM2 Agreements were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 27 November 2019, 11 December 2019 and 8 December 2022.

## Connected transactions (continued)

## (v) TCIMSB Agreement

Nanjing Tan Chong Automotive Co., Ltd ('NJTC'), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and TCIM Sdn. Bhd. ('TCIMSB') entered into an agreement on 27 November 2019 (the 'Existing TCIMSB Agreement') in relation to sale of motor parts and accessories during the three year period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022.

The prices and terms of the transactions under the Existing TCIMSB Agreement were agreed between NJTC and TCIMSB on an order-by-order basis by way of purchase order, and are based on arm's length terms taking into account the value and volume of orders and similar products charged to independent third parties in the market.

As the Existing TCIMSB Agreement expired on 31 December 2022 and NJTC would continue to engage in sale of motor parts and accessories with TCIMSB, an agreement (the 'TCIMSB Agreement') was entered into between NJTC and TCIMSB on 8 December 2022 in relation to sale of motor parts and accessories by NJTC to TCIMSB during the three year period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 (the 'Renewal of the Existing TCIMSB Agreement').

Based on (i) projections in anticipation of purchase orders to be received by NJTC under the TCIMSB Agreement and (ii) the terms of the TCIMSB Agreement, the Company estimates that the proposed annual cap for the transactions under the TCIMSB Agreement for each of the three years ending 31 December 2023, 2024 and 2025 will not exceed HK$1,310,000 annually.

TCIMSB is a subsidiary of Warisan TC Holdings Berhad ('WTCH'), and TCC is interested in more than 30% of the equity interests in WTCH. As TCC is a controlling shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company, TCIMSB is a connected person of the Company and the transactions under the Existing TCIMSB Agreement and the TCIMSB Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the aggregate annual transaction amount under the Existing TCIMSB Agreement amounted to HK$820,000 which was within the annual cap of HK$950,000.

Details  of  the  TCIMSB  Agreement  and  the  Renewal  of  the  Existing  TCIMSB  Agreement  were  disclosed  in  the announcement of the Company dated 27 November 2019, 11 December 2019 and 8 December 2022.

## (vi) TCMH-VN Agreements

Tan Chong (Vietnam) Industrial Machinery Co., Ltd ('TCIMVN'), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and TCMH Group entered into two agreements on 28 May 2020 (the 'TCMH-VN Agreement') in relation to the sale and rental of forklifts and other material handling equipment, and the sale of forklift parts and accessories by TCIMVN to the TCMH Group during the period from 28 May 2020 to 31 December 2022.

The prices and terms of the transactions under the TCMH-VN Agreements were agreed between TCIMVN and TCMH Group on an order-by-order basis by way of purchase order, and are based on arm's length terms taking into account the value and volume of orders and similar products charged to independent third parties in the market.

TCC is interested in more than 30% of the equity interests in TCMH. As TCC is a controlling shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company, each member of TCMH Group is a connected person of the Company and the transactions under the TCMH-VN Agreements constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, there were no transactions under the TCMH-VN Agreements of which the annual cap is HK$380,000.

Details of the TCMH-VN Agreements were disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 28 May 2020.

## Listing Rules Implications

Given  that  the  transactions  under  each  of  the  Assembly  Agreement,  the  Existing  TCMH  Agreements,  the  Existing  APM Agreements,  the  Existing  APM2  Agreements,  the  Existing  TCIMSB  Agreement  and  the  TCMH-VN  Agreements  (the 'Transactions') were all entered into by the Group with parties connected or otherwise associated with one another, the Transactions were aggregated pursuant to Rule 14A.81 of the Listing Rules. As the highest percentage ratios defined under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in relation to the Transactions on an annual basis is more than 0.1% but less than 5%, the Transactions  constitute  continuing  connected  transactions  of  the  Company  subject  to  the  reporting,  announcement  and annual review requirements but are exempt from the circular (including independent financial advice) and the independent shareholders' approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The aggregated annual cap (with revised annual cap) for the Transactions for the year ended 31 December 2022 was set at HK$115,640,000.

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  aggregate  annual  transaction  amount  under  the  Transactions  amounted  to HK$56,343,000 which was within the annual cap of HK$115,640,000.

The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements, where applicable, in accordance with the Listing Rules.

The continuing connected transactions mentioned above have been reviewed by the independent non-executive directors of the Company who have confirmed that the transactions have been entered into (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) according to the agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

The Company's auditors were engaged to report on the Group's continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) 'Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information' and with reference to Practice Note 740 'Auditor's Letter of Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules' issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.  The auditors have issued an unqualified letter containing their responsibilities and conclusions in respect of the abovementioned continuing connected transactions as disclosed by the Group in this annual report in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.  A copy of the auditor's letter has been provided by the Company to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

Save as disclosed above, there was no connected transaction or contract of significance to which the Company, or any of its holding companies, subsidiaries, or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at 31 December 2022 or at any time during the year ended 31 December 2022.

A summary of the material related party transactions undertaken by the Group during the year is set out in note 35 to the financial statements.

## Stock compensation program

On 26 November 2015, a subsidiary set up an independent trust fund by Mizuho Trust &amp; Banking Co., Ltd (the 'trustee') for adoption of a performance-based stock compensation program (the '2015 Program').  The 2015 Program was set up for the purpose of motivating the corporate officers in the subsidiary to achieve higher corporate performance from middle to long term perspectives of corporate management.  Under the 2015 Program, points are granted by considering the employee's positions, performance and length of services in accordance with the Rules on Distributions of Board Benefit of the subsidiary. Each point granted can be converted into one share when the employees leave their positions.  The maximum points to be awarded for the five years period ended 30 June 2020 is 500,000.  The 2015 Program was extended to another five years by the subsidiary on 30 June 2020 without change in the maximum points to be awarded.  The trust fund shall not have a definite expiration date and continue as long as the 2015 Program exists.  Maximum amount of money to be contributed is Japanese Yen ('JPY') 500,000,000 (equivalent to HK$29,891,000) and further contribution to the trust fund is subject to approval by the board of the subsidiary.

## Stock compensation program (continued)

6,000 (2021: 49,200) points were awarded to the employees of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recognised a total expense of HK$697,000 (2021: HK$2,899,000) as the equity-settled share-based payments in relation to the points awarded under the 2015 Program.

On 1 October 2022, a new performance-based stock compensation program (the '2022 Program') was introduced under the same trustee. This is a performance-based scheme whereby on 12 December 2022, shares of the listed subsidiary are acquired by the trustee using the funds contributed by the subsidiary. Under the 2022 Program, the shares are distributed by the trustee in accordance with the Rules on Distributions of Board Benefits of the subsidiary based on points given to each of the entitled employees in view of their positions, with restriction of transfer. Incidentally, the shares of the subsidiary shall be distributed to the entitled employees as a general rule when they leave their positions. For directors of the subsidiary, 75% of the points granted can be converted into shares (one point per one share) and 25% of the points can be converted into cash based on prevailing market rate. For employees other than directors of the subsidiary, each point granted can be converted into one share of the subsidiary at distribution. The maximum number of points to be awarded for the three years period ending 30 June 2025 is 252,000 (84,000 per each fiscal year). Transfer of points is restricted until the eligible recipient is retired. The trust fund shall not have a definite expiration date and continue as long as the 2022 Program exists.  Maximum amount of cash to be contributed is JPY 292,824,000 (equivalent to HK$17,506,000) and further contribution to the trust fund is subject to approval by the board of the subsidiary.

35,000 points for equity-settled portion and 8,500 points for cash-settled portion were granted to the employees of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recognised a net expense of HK$493,000 for the equity settled share based payment and HK$121,000 was recorded for the cash settled share based payments in relation to the 2022 Program.

The 2015 Program introduced in 2015 is still in force for certain employees.

Further details of the schemes are set out in note 32 to the financial statements.

## Indemnity of directors

A permitted indemnity provision (as defined in section 469 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance) for the benefit of the directors of the Company is currently in force and was in force throughout this year.

## Directors' interests and short positions in shares

The directors who held office at 31 December 2022 had the following interests in the issued share capital of the Company at that date as recorded in the register of directors' interests and short positions required to be kept under section 352 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance ('SFO'):

| Ordinary shares of HK$0.50 each  Personal  interests  Family  interests  Corporate  interests  Joint  interests  Total  number of  shares held  Percentage  of total  issued  shares  (Note 1)  (Note 2)  (Note 3)  Executive Directors:  Tan Eng Soon  152,460,000  -  348,544,700  85,932,972  586,937,672  29.15%  Tan Kheng Leong  2,205,000  210,000  -  -  2,415,000  0.12%  Sng Chiew Huat  900,000  -  -  -  900,000  0.04%  Glenn Tan Chun Hong  99,000  -  -  -  99,000  0.0049%  Non- Executive Director:  Joseph Ong Yong Loke  684,000  795,000  940,536  -  2,419,536  0.12%  Independent Non-  Executive Director:  Teo Ek Kee  -  300,000  -  -  300,000  0.01%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' interests and short positions in shares (continued)

Notes:

- (1) These shares are beneficially owned by the spouses of Tan Kheng Leong, Joseph Ong Yong Loke and Teo Ek Kee, respectively, and hence they are deemed interested in these shares.
- (2) These shares are beneficially owned by corporations controlled by Tan Eng Soon and Joseph Ong Yong Loke, respectively.
- (3) These shares are owned by Tan Eng Soon jointly with another persons.

Save as disclosed above, none of the directors or chief executives, or any of their spouses or children under eighteen years of age, had any beneficial or non-beneficial interests or short positions in shares of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or associates (within the meaning of the SFO) as at 31 December 2022, and there was no right granted to or exercised by any directors or chief executives of the Company, or any of their spouses or children under eighteen years of age, during the year to subscribe for shares, as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Companies.

## Substantial interests in the share capital of the Company

The Company has been notified of the following interests (other than a director of the Company) in the Company's issued shares as at 31 December 2022 amounting to 5% (2021: 5%) or more of the ordinary shares in issue:

| Name  Long/short  positions  Note  Ordinary  shares held  Percentage  of total  issued shares  Tan Chong Consolidated Sdn. Bhd.  Long  (1)  705,819,720  35.05%  Promenade Group Limited  Long  (2)  212,067,000  10.53%  Tan Kim Hor  Long  (3)  144,801,495  7.19%  Pang Siew Ha  Long  134,821,032  6.69%  Time Strategy Group Limited  Long  (4)  104,497,700  5.19%  Lee Lang  Long  103,930,622  5.16%  Tan Heng Chew  Long  (5)  100,692,856  5.00%  Khor Swee Wah  Long  (5)  100,692,856  5.00%  Wang Shu Erh  Long  (5)  100,692,856  5.00%  Notes:   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (1) The share capital of Tan Chong Consolidated Sdn. Bhd. is held by Tan Eng Soon as to approximately 22.85% and Tan Kheng Leong as to approximately 15.38%. The remaining shareholding is held by certain members of the Tan family who are not directors of the Company.
- (2) Tan Eng Soon is the controlling shareholder of Promenade Group Limited.
- (3) Tan Kim Hor passed away on 21 March 2016. His interest includes his spouses' interests.
- (4) Tan Eng Soon is the controlling shareholder of Time Strategy Group Limited.
- (5) Based on the disclosure of interests filed, Tan Heng Chew has personal, corporate and family interests of 50,981,686 shares, 37,848,000 and 11,863,170 shares respectively, making a total interests of 100,692,856 shares. Khor Swee Wah and Wang Shu Erh, being spouses of Tan Heng Chew, are deemed to be interested in all the shares held by Tan Heng Chew.

Save as disclosed above, no persons, other than a director of the Company whose interests are set out above, had registered interests in the share capital of the Company that was required to be recorded in the register under section 336 of the SFO.

## Emolument policy

The emolument policy of the employees of the Group is based on their merit, qualification and experience, having regard to their individual performance and the Group's operating results.

The emolument policy of the directors and senior management is decided by the Remuneration Committee ('RC'), taking into account the Group's performance and individual contribution.  Details of the functions of the RC are mentioned in the Corporate Governance Report.

Details of remuneration paid to members of senior management fell within the following bands:

| Number of individuals  HK$1,500,001 - HK$2,000,000  1  HK$2,500,001 - HK$3,000,000  1  HK$3,000,001 - HK$3,500,000  1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' REPORT (continued)

## Sufficiency of public float

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the directors of the Company as at the date of this annual report, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float of at least 25% of the total issued share capital of the Company as required by the Listing Rules.

## Directors' interests in contracts

Save as disclosed in Connected Transactions above, no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to which the Company, any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party, and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

## Pre-emptive rights

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company's Bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda.

## Purchase, sale or redemption of the Company's listed securities

There was no purchase, sale or redemption of the Company's shares by the Company or any of its subsidiaries during the year.

## Borrowings

Particulars of borrowings of the Company and the Group as at 31 December 2022 are set out in note 25 to the financial statements.

## Financial summary

A summary of the results of the Group and of the Group's assets and liabilities for the last five financial years is set out on pages 135 of the annual report.

## Properties

Particulars of the Group's properties are shown on pages 137 - 140 of the annual report.

## Retirement schemes

Details of retirement schemes to which the Group contributes are set out in note 27 to the financial statements.

## Confirmation of independence

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive directors an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.  The Board considers all the independent non-executive directors to be independent.

For and on behalf of the Board

Tan Eng Soon Chairman Hong Kong, 27 March 2023

## Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Tan Chong International Limited ('the Company') and its subsidiaries ('the Group') set out on pages 42 to 134, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2022 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRSs') issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ('IASB') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA').  Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  section  of  our  report.    We  are  independent  of  the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants ('the Code') together with any ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in Bermuda, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code.  We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key audit matters

Key  audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our  professional  judgement,  were  of  most  significance  in  our  audit  of  the consolidated financial statements of the current period.  These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

to the shareholders of Tan Chong International Limited (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (continued)

to the shareholders of Tan Chong International Limited (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

## Key audit matters (continued)

| Assessing the net realisable value of inventories  Refer to notes 2(b) and 19 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in note 1(p).  The Key Audit Matter  How the matter was addressed in our audit  At  31  December  2022,  the  Group  held  inventories  which  comprised  several  different  motor  car  brands  and  models  in  10  different  geographical  markets  with  an  aggregate  carrying amount of HK$1,573 million.  Changes in economic sentiment or consumer preferences and the introduction of newer models with the latest design and technologies by motor car manufacturers to these different markets could result in inventories on hand no longer being sought after or being sold at a discount below their cost.  Estimating future demand and related selling prices of motor cars is inherently subjective and uncertain because it involves management estimating the extent of markdown of selling prices necessary to sell older or slow moving models in the period subsequent to the reporting date.  We identified the assessment of the net realisable value of inventories as a key audit matter because of the significance of inventories to the consolidated financial statements and because of the significant judgements made by management in assessing net realisable value, which increases the risk of error or potential management bias, particularly given the number of motor car models involved and the diversity of geographical markets in which these motor cars are sold.  Our  audit  procedures  to  assess  the  net  realisable  value  of  inventories included the following:  •  understanding and evaluating the design, implementation  and operating effectiveness of management's key internal  controls in respect of the valuation of inventories;  •  assessing whether the inventory provision at the end of  the reporting period was determined on a basis consistent  with  the  Group's  inventory  provisioning  policy  by  recalculating the inventory provisions based on expected  selling prices;  •  assessing,  on  a  sample  basis,  whether  items  in  the  inventory  ageing  report  were  classified  within  the  appropriate  ageing  brackets  by  comparing  individual  items  in  the  inventory  ageing  report  with  underlying  documentation,  including  purchase  invoices  and  goods  received notes;  - evaluating  the  Group's  inventory  provision  balance  for slow moving items as categorised in the inventory ageing report by comparison with management's sales forecasts with reference to historical sales and by considering recent changes  in  economic  conditions,  consumer  preferences and available alternative  motor  car  models  sold  by  the Group and its competitors;  •  enquiring of management about any planned launch of  new motor car models by the motor car manufacturers  and plans for the Group to markdown the selling prices  of older and slow moving motor car models; and  - comparing,  on  a  sample  basis,  the  carrying  value  of inventories with sales prices and costs to sell subsequent to the end of the reporting period.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (continued)

to the shareholders of Tan Chong International Limited (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

## Key audit matters (continued)

| Assessing the expected credit loss allowance for trade debtors and loans and advances  Refer to notes 2(a), 22 and 23 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in notes 1(n) and 1(x)(i).  The Key Audit Matter  How the matter was addressed in our audit  At 31 December 2022, the Group's trade debtors and loans and  advances  (collectively, 'Receivables')  amounted  to HK$1,366  million  and  HK$4,541  million,  respectively,  after making  allowances  for  expected  credit  losses  ('ECLs')  of HK$59 million and HK$76 million respectively.  The  Group's  loss  allowances  for  trade  debtors  are  based on  management's  estimate  of  the  lifetime  ECL,  which  is estimated by taking into account the credit loss experience, adjusted  for  both  current  and  forecast  general  economic conditions  where  applicable  at  the  reporting  date,  which involves a significant degree of management judgement.  The Group's loss allowances for loans and advances are based on 12-month or the lifetime ECLs, depending on whether the credit risk of the loan and advance has increased significantly since  initial  recognition.  The  ECL  allowances  for  loans  and advances are estimated by taking into account the probability of  default,  loss  given  default,  exposure  at  default  and adjustments  for  forward-looking  information,  all  of  which involve a significant degree of management judgement.  We identified assessing the ECL allowances for trade debtors as well as loans and advances as a key audit matter because of the significance of the balances to the consolidated financial statements  and  that  the  assessment  of  ECL  allowances  is inherently  subjective  and  require  significant  management judgement,  which  increases  the  risk  of  error  or  potential management bias.  Our  audit  procedures  to  assess  the  ECL  allowance  for Receivables included the following:  •  understanding and evaluating  the  design,  implementation  and operating effectiveness of management's key internal  controls over credit approval, monitoring of repayments  and estimates of ECL allowances according to the Group's  policy;  •  evaluating  the  Group's  policy  for  estimating  the  ECL  allowance  with  reference  to  the  requirements  of  the  prevailing accounting standard;  •  assessing,  on  a  sample  basis,  whether  items  in  the  ageing report of trade debtors were classified within the  appropriate  ageing  brackets  by  comparing  individual  items  in  the  report  with  underlying  documentation,  including sales invoices;  - assessing the reasonableness of management's estimates of  the  ECL  allowances  for  trade  debtors  by  examining the  information  used  by  management  to  derive  such estimates, including testing the accuracy of the historical default data and evaluating whether the historical loss rates  are  appropriately  adjusted  based  on  current  and forecast general economic conditions;  - assessing the appropriateness of management's assessment  of  whether  the  credit  risk  of  loans  and advances  has,  or  has  not,  increased  significantly  since initial  recognition  and  whether  any  of  the  balance  is credit-impaired  by  inspecting  overdue  and  collateral information and making enquiries of the credit managers about  the  borrowers'  business  operations,  inspecting borrowers' financial information and researching market information about borrowers' businesses;  - assessing, on a sample basis, the accuracy of input data used for management's assessment of the credit risk of loans and advances, including evaluating the probability of default with reference to the historical default rate; the  loss  given  default  by  ascertaining  the  value  of  the collaterals;  the  exposure  at  default  by  inspecting  the underlying agreements; and  - assessing  the  reasonableness  of  the  disclosures  in  the consolidated financial statements with reference to the requirements of the prevailing accounting standards.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (continued)

to the shareholders of Tan Chong International Limited (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

## Key audit matters (continued)

| Accounting and valuation of business acquisitions  Refer to notes 2(e) and 20 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in note 1(h).  The Key Audit Matter  How the matter was addressed in our audit  During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  completed  two  business  acquisitions  for  an  aggregate  consideration of HK$302 million.  Goodwill arising from these acquisitions amounted to HK$57  million, which represented the excess of the consideration  paid  over  the  Group's  share  of  the  fair  value  of  the  identifiable net assets of the acquired businesses.  The  fair  values  of  the  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  acquired in these transactions were assessed by the directors  based on valuations prepared by firms of external valuers  which  required  the  exercise  of  significant  judgement  and  estimation,  particularly  in  determining  the  appropriate  market rents, capitalisation rates and discount rates.  We  identified  the  accounting  for  business  acquisitions  as  a  key  audit  matter  because  of  the  significant  impact  the  acquisitions  have  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  because  assessing  the  fair  values  of  the  assets  and  liabilities acquired can be inherently subjective and requires  significant judgement and estimation which increase the risk  of error or potential management bias.  Our audit procedures to assess the accounting and valuation  for business acquisitions included the following:  •  understanding  and  evaluating  the  design  and  implementation  of  management's  key  internal  controls  in respect of the valuation of business acquisitions;  •  inspecting  the  sales  and  purchase  agreement  and  evaluating management's accounting treatment for the  acquisitions with reference to the terms set out in the sale  and purchase agreements and the requirements of the  prevailing accounting standards;  •  assessing  the  external  valuers'  competence,  capabilities  and objectivity;  •  with the assistance of our internal valuation specialists,  assessing  the  appropriateness  of  the  valuation  methodology  with  reference  to  the  requirements  of  the prevailing accounting standard and challenging the  reasonableness  of  the  key  assumptions  adopted  in  the  valuation, including market rents, capitalisation rates and  discount rates, by comparing with available market data  or other publicly available information; and  •  assessing  the  reasonableness  of  the  disclosures  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  in  respect  of  the  acquisitions  with  reference  to  the  requirements  of  the  prevailing accounting standards.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (continued)

to the shareholders of Tan Chong International Limited

(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

## Information other than the consolidated financial statements and auditor's report thereon

The directors are responsible for the other information.  The other information comprises all the information included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.  We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (continued)

to the shareholders of Tan Chong International Limited (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

## Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion.  This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for no other purpose.  We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.  Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit.  We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.    The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material  misstatement  resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit  procedures  that  are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern.  If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.  Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report.  However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.  We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.  We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (continued)

to the shareholders of Tan Chong International Limited (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

## Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued)

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.  We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Wong Kong Tat.

KPMG

Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince's Building 10 Chater Road Central, Hong Kong 27 March 2023

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

for the year ended 31 December 2022 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

| Note  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Revenue  3  13,478,667  11,864,957  Cost of sales  (11,168,524)  (9,819,638)  Gross profit  2,310,143  2,045,319  Other net income  4  680,699  619,213  Distribution costs  (1,090,817)  (999,512)  Administrative expenses  (1,014,690)  (995,056)  Other operating expenses  5  (46,110)  (23,735)  Profit from operations  839,225  646,229  Financing costs  6  (105,424)  (58,036)  Share of profits of associates  42,014  69,896  Profit before taxation  7  775,815  658,089  Income tax expense  10(a)  (265,151)  (204,213)  Profit for the year  510,664  453,876  Attributable to:  Equity shareholders of the Company  418,073  378,098  Non-controlling interests  92,591  75,778  Profit for the year  510,664  453,876  Earnings per share  11  Basic and diluted (cents)  20.77  18.78   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 50 to 134 form part of these financial statements.  Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in note 31(c).

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

for the year ended 31 December 2022

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

| Note  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Profit for the year  510,664  453,876  Other comprehensive income for the year (after tax and reclassification  adjustments)  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:  Remeasurement of net defined benefit retirement obligations  27(a)(v)  (6,543)  931  Equity investments designated at fair value through other  comprehensive income - net movement in fair value reserves  (non-recycling) during the year  (222,436)  (169,836)  (228,979)  (168,905)  Items that may be or are reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:  Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of:  -  subsidiaries outside Hong Kong  (245,265)  (306,510)  -  associates outside Hong Kong  (31,968)  14,127  Reclassification of translation reserve upon deemed disposal of an  associate  (25,144)  (68)  (302,377)  (292,451)  Other comprehensive income for the year  (531,356)  (461,356)  Total comprehensive income for the year  (20,692)  (7,480)  Attributable to:  Equity shareholders of the Company  27,420  40,767  Non-controlling interests  (48,112)  (48,247)  Total comprehensive income for the year  (20,692)  (7,480)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

at 31 December 2022 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

| Note  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Non-current assets  Investment properties  12  3,767,358  4,065,018  Property, plant and equipment  13  5,632,258  4,811,672  Intangible assets  14  39,250  53,469  Goodwill  15  79,498  31,769  Interest in associates  17  81,890  896,967  Investments designated as at fair value through other comprehensive  income  18  1,414,993  1,642,997  Loans and advances  23  1,902,159  102,569  Receivables, deposits and prepayments  96,278  179,325  Deferred tax assets  10(c)  67,535  56,721  13,081,219  11,840,507  Current assets  Inventories  19(a)  1,573,408  1,450,435  Trade debtors  22  1,366,027  981,578  Loans and advances  23  2,638,592  78,897  Other debtors, deposits and prepayments  731,679  509,819  Amounts due from related companies  29  287  251  Cash and bank balances  24(a)  2,587,009  2,475,773  8,897,002  5,496,753   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)

at 31 December 2022 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

| Note  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Current liabilities  Unsecured bank overdrafts  25  244,302  144,950  Borrowings  25  4,244,931  996,151  Trade creditors  28  1,068,807  889,175  Other creditors and accruals  21  1,408,670  1,040,588  Amounts due to related companies  29  6,508  11,088  Lease liabilities  26  235,392  244,258  Current taxation  164,336  109,654  Provisions  30  17,725  24,547  7,390,671  3,460,411  Net current assets  1,506,331  2,036,342  Total assets less current liabilities  14,587,550  13,876,849  Non-current liabilities  Borrowings  25  1,881,000  1,068,985  Lease liabilities  26  466,878  503,776  Net defined benefit retirement obligations  27  56,577  63,513  Deferred tax liabilities  10(c)  236,329  107,178  Provisions  30  60,186  49,551  2,700,970  1,793,003  NET ASSETS  11,886,580  12,083,846  CAPITAL AND RESERVES  Share capital  31(d)  1,006,655  1,006,655  Reserves  9,677,635  9,800,580  Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company  10,684,290  10,807,235  Non-controlling interests  1,202,290  1,276,611  TOTAL EQUITY  11,886,580  12,083,846   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 27 March 2023.

| \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  Tan Eng Soon  Sng Chiew Huat  Chairman  Finance Director   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 50 to 134 form part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

for the year ended 31 December 2022 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

| Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company  Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company  Share  capital  Share  premium  Capital  reserve  Stock  compensation  reserve  Translation  reserve  Contributed  surplus  Fair value  reserve  (non-recycling)  Property  revaluation  reserve  Retained  profits  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  (note 31(a)(i))  (note 31(a)(ii))  (note 31(a)(iii))  (note 31(a)(iv))  (note 31(b)(ii))  (note 31(a)(v))  (note 31(a)(vi))  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Balance at 1 January 2021  1,006,655  550,547  9,549  10,082  777,601  377,690  1,301,497  332,988  6,488,916  10,855,525  1,325,600  12,181,125  Changes in equity for 2021:  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  378,098  378,098  75,778  453,876  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  (163,838)  -  (173,988)  -  495  (337,331)  (124,025)  (461,356)  Total comprehensive income for the  year  -  -  -  -  (163,838)  -  (173,988)  -  378,593  40,767  (48,247)  (7,480)  Equity-settled share based  transactions  -  -  -  1,542  -  -  -  -  -  1,542  1,357  2,899  Non-controlling interests arising from  acquisitions of a subsidiary  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  32,047  32,047  Dividends declared and approved  during the year (note 31(c))  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (90,599)  (90,599)  -  (90,599)  Dividends paid by non-wholly owned  subsidiaries to non-controlling  interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (34,146)  (34,146)  Balance at 31 December 2021  1,006,655  550,547  9,549  11,624  613,763  377,690  1,127,509  332,988  6,776,910  10,807,235  1,276,611  12,083,846  Balance at 1 January 2022  1,006,655  550,547  9,549  11,624  613,763  377,690  1,127,509  332,988  6,776,910  10,807,235  1,276,611  12,083,846  Changes in equity for 2022:  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  418,073  418,073  92,591  510,664  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  (163,901)  -  (223,271)  -  (3,481)  (390,653)  (140,703)  (531,356)  Total comprehensive income for the  year  -  -  -  -  (163,901)  -  (223,271)  -  414,592  27,420  (48,112)  (20,692)  Equity-settled share based  transactions  -  -  -  633  -  -  -  -  -  633  557  1,190  Dividends declared and approved  during the year (Note 31(c))  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (150,998)  (150,998)  -  (150,998)  Dividends paid by non-wholly owned  subsidiaries to non-controlling  interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (26,766)  (26,766)  Transfer from property revaluation  reserve to retained profits  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (331,167)  331,167  -  -  -  Balance at 31 December 2022  1,006,655  550,547  9,549  12,257  449,862  377,690  904,238  1,821  7,371,671  10,684,290  1,202,290  11,886,580  Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company  Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company  Share  capital  Share  premium  Capital  reserve  Stock  compensation  reserve  Translation  reserve  Contributed  surplus  Fair value  reserve  (non-recycling)  Property  revaluation  reserve  Retained  profits  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  (note 31(a)(i))  (note 31(a)(ii))  (note 31(a)(iii))  (note 31(a)(iv))  (note 31(b)(ii))  (note 31(a)(v))  (note 31(a)(vi))  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Balance at 1 January 2021  1,006,655  550,547  9,549  10,082  777,601  377,690  1,301,497  332,988  6,488,916  10,855,525  1,325,600  12,181,125  Changes in equity for 2021:  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  378,098  378,098  75,778  453,876  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  (163,838)  -  (173,988)  -  495  (337,331)  (124,025)  (461,356)  Total comprehensive income for the  year  -  -  -  -  (163,838)  -  (173,988)  -  378,593  40,767  (48,247)  (7,480)  Equity-settled share based  transactions  -  -  -  1,542  -  -  -  -  -  1,542  1,357  2,899  Non-controlling interests arising from  acquisitions of a subsidiary  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  32,047  32,047  Dividends declared and approved  during the year (note 31(c))  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (90,599)  (90,599)  -  (90,599)  Dividends paid by non-wholly owned  subsidiaries to non-controlling  interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (34,146)  (34,146)  Balance at 31 December 2021  1,006,655  550,547  9,549  11,624  613,763  377,690  1,127,509  332,988  6,776,910  10,807,235  1,276,611  12,083,846  Balance at 1 January 2022  1,006,655  550,547  9,549  11,624  613,763  377,690  1,127,509  332,988  6,776,910  10,807,235  1,276,611  12,083,846  Changes in equity for 2022:  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  418,073  418,073  92,591  510,664  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  (163,901)  -  (223,271)  -  (3,481)  (390,653)  (140,703)  (531,356)  Total comprehensive income for the  year  -  -  -  -  (163,901)  -  (223,271)  -  414,592  27,420  (48,112)  (20,692)  Equity-settled share based  transactions  -  -  -  633  -  -  -  -  -  633  557  1,190  Dividends declared and approved  during the year (Note 31(c))  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (150,998)  (150,998)  -  (150,998)  Dividends paid by non-wholly owned  subsidiaries to non-controlling  interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (26,766)  (26,766)  Transfer from property revaluation  reserve to retained profits  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (331,167)  331,167  -  -  -  Balance at 31 December 2022  1,006,655  550,547  9,549  12,257  449,862  377,690  904,238  1,821  7,371,671  10,684,290  1,202,290  11,886,580   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT

for the year ended 31 December 2022

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

| Note  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Operating activities  Profit from operations  839,225  646,229  Adjustments for:  Depreciation  7  632,677  622,249  Amortisation for intangible assets  7  17,347  23,927  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  4  (12,818)  (135,374)  Gain on disposal of investment properties  4  (335,316)  -  Valuation gain on investment properties, net  4  (113,213)  (372,397)  Bank and other interest income  4  (28,409)  (14,093)  Dividend income  4  (45,710)  (41,163)  Reversal of impairment losses on trade debtors  5  1,400  -  Provision of impairment losses on loans and advances  5  (11,290)  -  Share based payment expenses  8  1,311  2,899  Net foreign exchange loss  94,971  62,446  Loss on disposal of intangible assets  4  6  -  Gain on deemed disposal of interest in an associate  4  (97,288)  -  Gain on bargain purchase arising from step acquisition  20(c)  -  (98)  COVID-19-related rent concessions received  13(b)  (381)  (1,243)  Operating profit before changes in working capital  942,512  793,382  (Increase)/decrease in inventories  (164,900)  294,893  (Increase)/decrease in trade debtors  (289,844)  64,440  (Increase)/decrease in loans and advances  (203,685)  48,952  Increase in other debtors, deposits and prepayments  (184,194)  (80,410)  (Increase)/decrease in amounts due from related companies  (42)  744  Increase in trade creditors  134,975  108,710  Decrease in other creditors and accruals  (65,602)  (26,511)  Decrease in amounts due to related companies  (4,139)  (281)  Increase/(decrease) in provisions  4,293  (7,752)  Increase/(decrease) in net defined benefit retirement obligations  956  (5,526)  Cash generated from operations  170,330  1,190,641  Interest paid  (91,792)  (40,284)  Taxes paid  (218,370)  (192,822)  Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities  (139,832)  957,535   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT (continued)

for the year ended 31 December 2022

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

| Note  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Cash flows from investing activities  Payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment  (515,420)  (289,418)  Payment for the purchase of investment properties  (102,662)  (70,212)  Payment for the additions to intangible assets  (9,924)  (5,484)  Decrease/(increase) in non-current receivables, deposits and  prepayments  16,563  (55,364)  Placement of fixed deposits at banks with maturity over three months  (12,418)  (13,631)  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  20,425  263,951  Proceeds from disposal of investment properties  932,683  -  Dividends received from associates  36,900  36,353  Dividends received from listed investments  41,010  41,163  Dividends received from unlisted investments  4,700  -  Net cash inflow from acquisition of subsidiaries under business  combinations  20  383,214  44,310  Interest received  28,409  14,093  Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities  823,480  (34,239)  Cash flows from financing activities  Repayment of borrowings  24(b)  (2,510,330)  (1,452,655)  Proceeds from new borrowings  24(b)  2,323,147  963,770  Dividends paid to shareholders  (150,998)  (90,599)  Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries  (26,766)  (34,146)  Interest element of lease rentals paid  24(b)  (13,632)  (17,752)  Capital element of lease rentals paid  24(b)  (246,278)  (349,193)  Net cash used in financing activities  (624,857)  (980,575)  Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  58,791  (57,279)  Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January  24(a)  2,316,136  2,460,547  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes  (57,441)  (87,132)  Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December  24(a)  2,317,486  2,316,136   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## General information

Tan Chong International Limited (the 'Company') is a company incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability.  The address of its registered office is Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda.  The Company was listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ('HKSE') on 7 July 1998.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  comprise  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries (together  referred  to  as  the  'Group')  and  the  Group's  interest  in  associate.  The  consolidated  financial  statements  were authorised for issue by the directors on 27 March 2023.

## 1 Significant accounting policies

## (a) Statement of compliance

These  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  all  applicable  International  Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRSs'), which collective term includes all applicable individual International Financial Reporting Standards, International Accounting Standards ('IASs') and Interpretations issued by the International Accounting  Standards  Board  ('IASB').    Although  not  required  under  the  Bye-laws  of  the  Company,  these financial statements comply with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Significant accounting policies adopted by the Group are disclosed below.

The IASB has issued certain amendments to IFRSs that are first effective or available for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 1(c) provides information on any changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current accounting periods reflected in these financial statements.

## (b) Basis of preparation of the financial statements

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, rounded to the nearest thousand, because the Company is listed in Hong Kong.

The measurement basis used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements is prepared on the historical cost basis except as otherwise explained in the accounting policies set out below.

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.  The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.  Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis.  Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

Judgements  made  by  management  in  the  application  of  IFRSs  that  have  significant  effect  on  the  financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 2.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (c) Changes in accounting policies

The Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by IASB to these financial statements for the current accounting period:

- Amendments to IAS 16, Property, plant and equipment: Proceeds before intended use
- Amendments to IAS 37, Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets: Onerous contracts - cost of fulfilling a contract

The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting period. Impacts of the adoption of the amended IFRSs are discussed below:

Amendments to IAS 16, Property, plant and equipment: Proceeds before intended use

The amendments prohibit an entity from deducting the proceeds from selling items produced before that asset is available for use from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment. Instead, the sales proceeds and the related costs should be included in profit and loss. The amendments do not have a material impact on these financial statements as the Group does not sell items produced before an item of property, plant and equipment is available for use.

Amendments to IAS 37, Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets: Onerous contracts - cost of fulfilling a contract

The amendments clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is onerous, the cost of fulfilling the contract includes both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling contracts.

Previously, the Group included only incremental costs when determining whether a contract was onerous. In accordance with the transitional provisions, the Group has applied the new accounting policy to contracts for which it has not yet fulfilled all its obligations at 1 January 2022, and has concluded that none of them is onerous.

## (d) Basis of consolidation

## (i) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group.  The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity.  When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.

Investments in subsidiaries are consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases.  Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.  Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition of a financial liability.  For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests' proportionate share of the subsidiary's net identifiable assets.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (d) Basis of consolidation (continued)

## (i) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (continued)

Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the equity shareholders of the company.

Changes in the Group's interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised.

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.  Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see note 1(l)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate (see note 1(d)(ii)).

In  the  Company's  statement  of  financial  position,  investments  in  subsidiaries  are  stated  at  cost  less impairment losses (see note 1(x)(ii)).

## (ii) Associates

Associates are those entities in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

An investment in an associate is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale).  Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group's share of the acquisition-date fair values of the investee's identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).  The cost of investment includes purchase price, other costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment, and any direct investment into the associate that forms part of the Group's equity investment.  Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group's share of the investee's net assets and any impairment losses relating to the investment (see note 1(x)(ii)). At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there is any objective evidence that the investment is impaired. Any acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group's share of the postacquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the year are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, whereas the Group's share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees' other comprehensive income is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

When the Group's share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group's interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee.  For this purpose, the Group's interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method together with the Group's long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group's net investment in the associate.

Unrealised  profits  and  losses  resulting  from  transactions  between  the  Group  and  its  associates  are eliminated to the extent of the Group's interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (d) Basis of consolidation (continued)

## (ii) Associates (continued)

When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.  Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see note 1(l)).

## (e) Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of

- (i) the  aggregate of the fair  value  of  the  consideration  transferred,  the  amount  of  any  non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group's previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over
- (ii) the net fair value of the acquiree's identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.

When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.

Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses.  Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated to each cash-generating unit, or groups of cash-generating units, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination and is tested annually for impairment (see note 1(x)(ii)).

On disposal of a cash-generating unit during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.

## (f) Translation of foreign currencies

## (i) Individual companies

Transactions in foreign currencies during the year are translated into the respective entity's functional currency at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates.  The transaction date is the date on which the Company initially recognises such non-monetary assets or liabilities.  Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period.  Foreign exchange differences arising on translation are recognised in profit or loss.

Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates.  Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined.

## (ii) On consolidation

The results of subsidiaries and associates outside Hong Kong are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates approximating the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement  of  financial  position  items  are  translated  into  Hong  Kong  dollars  at  the  closing  foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period.  The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in the translation reserve.

On disposal of subsidiaries and associates outside Hong Kong, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that subsidiaries and associates outside Hong Kong is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (g) Investment properties

Investment  properties  are  land  and/or  buildings  which  are  owned  or  held  under  a  leasehold  interest  (see note 1(k)) to earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation. Investment properties are stated at their fair value.  It is the Group's policy to undertake valuations at intervals of not more than three years by independent professional valuers on an open market value basis.  In the intervening years, investment properties are valued by appropriate qualified persons within the Group on an annual basis.  Any gain or loss arising from a change in fair value or from the retirement or disposal of an investment property is recognised in profit or loss. Rental income from investment properties is accounted for as described in note 1(w)(ii)(a).

## (h) Business combination

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred (except those segregated from business combinations) is measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the sellers of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisitionrelated costs are expensed as incurred.

When the Group acquires a business, it  assesses  the  financial  assets  and  liabilities  assumed  for  appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date.

If the business acquisition is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group's previously held equity interests in the acquiree over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.

## (i) Property, plant and equipment

Land and buildings other than investment properties are carried at cost or at the 1984 revalued amount, less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 1(x)(ii)).

The surplus which arose on the 1984 valuation was taken to the capital reserve and may only be transferred to retained profits as and when the relevant property is disposed of.

Freehold land is not amortised.

All other property, plant and equipment is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 1(x)(ii)) and is depreciated on a straight-line basis to write off the cost, less estimated residual value, if any, of these assets over their estimated useful lives or at the following annual rates:

- -
- Buildings situated on freehold land 2% - 4%
- -Leasehold land where the Group is the registered owner of the property interest is depreciated over the unexpired term of the lease.
- -The Group's interests in buildings situated on leasehold land where the Group is not the registered owner of the property interest are depreciated over the shorter of the unexpired term of the lease and the building's estimated useful lives, being no more than 50 years after the date of completion.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (i) Property, plant and equipment (continued)

- -Other property, plant and equipment leased for own use are depreciated over the unexpired term of the leases.

| - Plant, machinery and equipment  - -  - engine, construction equipment and forklifts for hire 20% on cost less residual value  - other plant, machinery and equipment  6 2 / 3 % - 50%  - Furniture, fixtures, fittings and office equipment  5% - 50%  - Motor vehicles  10% - 50%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The useful life and the amount of residual value of an asset are reviewed annually.

Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of property, plant and equipment are determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

## Construction in progress

Construction in progress represents buildings under construction and is stated at cost less impairment losses (see note 1(x)(ii)).  Cost comprises direct costs of construction as well as borrowing costs and professional fees incurred during the periods of construction and installation.

The  asset  concerned  is  transferred  to  the  relevant  category  within  property,  plant  and  equipment  when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use are completed, at which time it commences to be depreciated in accordance with the Group's depreciation policies.

## (j) Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

Intangible assets that are acquired by the Group with a finite estimated useful life are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses (see note 1(x)(ii)).

Amortisation of intangible assets is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the assets' estimated useful lives as follows:

| - Customer relationships  10 years  - Computer software  5 years  - Others  5 years   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Both the period and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.

Intangible assets (i.e. backlog) are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite.  Any conclusion that the useful life of an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support the indefinite useful life assessment for that asset.  If they do not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for prospectively from the date of change and in accordance with the policy for amortisation of intangible assets with finite lives as set out above.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (k) Leased assets

At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease.  A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.  Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

## (i) As a lessee

At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets.  When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis.  The lease payments associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over the lease term.

Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate.  After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective interest method.  Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are incurred.

The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the commencement date,  and  any  initial  direct  costs  incurred.    Where  applicable,  the  cost  of  the  right-of-use  assets  also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, discounted to their present value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see  notes  1(i)  and  1(x)(ii)),  except  for  the  right-of-use  assets  that  meet  the  definition  of  investment property that are carried at fair value in accordance with note 1(g).

The initial fair value of refundable rental deposits is accounted for separately from the right-of-use assets and measured at amortised cost.  Any difference between the initial fair value and the nominal value of the deposits is accounted for as additional lease payments made and is included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group's estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.  When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the consideration for  a  lease  that  is  not  originally  provided  for  in  the  lease  contract  ('lease  modification')  that  is  not accounted for as a separate lease.  In this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.  The only exceptions are rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and met the conditions set out in paragraph 46B of IFRS 16 Leases .  In such cases, the Group has taken advantage of the practical expedient not to assess whether the rent concessions are lease modifications, and recognised the change in consideration as negative variable lease payments in profit or loss in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the rent concessions occurred.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (k) Leased assets (continued)

## (i) As a lessee (continued)

In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period.

## (ii) As a lessor

When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease.  A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee.  If this is not the case, the lease is classified as an operating lease.

When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from operating leases is recognised in accordance with note 1(w)(ii)(a).

When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-leases are classified as a finance lease or as an operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described in note 1(k)(i), then the Group classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.

## (l) Other investments in equity securities

The Group's policies for investments in equity securities, other than investments in subsidiaries and associates, are set out below.

Investments in equity securities are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase/sell the investment.  The investments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, except for those investments measured at fair value through profit or loss ('FVPL') for which transaction costs are recognised directly in profit or loss.

## Equity investments

An investment in equity  securities  is  classified  as  FVPL  unless  the  equity  investment  is  not  held  for  trading purposes and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an irrevocable election to designate the investment at fair value through other comprehensive income ('FVOCI') (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income.  Such elections are made on an instrumentby-instrument basis, but may only be made if the investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer's perspective.  Where such an election is made, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income remains in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) until the investment is disposed of.  At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings.  It is not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income in accordance with the policy set out in note 1(w)(ii)(b).

## (m) Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of an asset which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress.  Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are interrupted or complete.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (n) Trade and other receivables and loans and advances

## (i) Recognition and initial measurement

Trade and other receivables and loans and advances are initially recognised when they are originated. All  other financial assets are initially recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

A financial asset (unless it is receivables without a significant financing component) is initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. A receivable without a significant financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.

## (ii) Classification and subsequent measurement

On initial recognition, trade and other receivables and loans and advances are classified as measured at amortised cost.

Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its business model for managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting period following the change in the business model.

A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVPL:

- -it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and
- -its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

## Business model assessment

The Group makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held at a portfolio level because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is provided to management. The information considered includes:

- -the stated policies and objectives for the portfolio and the operation of those policies in practice. These include whether management's strategy focuses on earning contractual interest income, maintaining a particular interest rate profile, matching the duration of the financial assets to the duration of any related liabilities or expected cash outflows or realising cash flows through the sale of the assets;
- -how the performance of the portfolio is evaluated and reported to the Group's management;
- -the risks that affect the performance of the business model (and the financial assets held within that business model) and how those risks are managed;
- -how managers of the business are compensated - e.g. whether compensation is based on the fair value of the assets managed or the contractual cash flows collected; and
- -the frequency, volume and timing of sales of financial assets in prior periods, the reasons for such sales and expectations about future sales activity.

Transfers of financial assets to third parties in transactions that do not qualify for derecognition are not considered sales for this purpose, consistent with the Group's continuing recognition of the assets.

## Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest

For the purposes of this assessment, 'principal' is defined as the fair value of the financial asset, on initial recognition. 'Interest' is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and administrative costs), as well as a profit margin.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (n) Trade and other receivables and loans and advances (continued)

## Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest (continued)

In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the Group considers the contractual terms of the instrument. This includes assessing whether the financial asset contains a contractual term that could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it would not meet this condition. In making this assessment, the Group considers:

- -contingent events that would change the amount or timing of cash flows;
- -terms that may adjust the contractual coupon rate, including variable rate features;
- -prepayment and extension features; and
- -terms that limit the Group's claim to cash flows from specified assets (e.g. non-recourse features).

A prepayment feature is consistent with the solely payments of principal and interest criterion if the prepayment amount substantially represents unpaid amounts of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, which may include reasonable additional compensation for early termination of the contract. Additionally, for a financial asset acquired at a significant discount or premium to its contractual par amount, a feature that permits or requires prepayment at an amount that substantially represents the contractual par amount plus accrued (but unpaid) contractual interest (which may also include reasonable additional compensation for early termination) is treated as consistent with this criterion if the fair value of the prepayment feature is insignificant at initial recognition.

## Subsequent measurement and gains and losses

Trade and other receivables and loans and advances are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the  effective  interest  method.  The  amortised  cost  is  reduced  by  impairment  losses  (see  note  1(x)(i)). Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.

## (iii) Derecognition

The Group derecognises a financial asset when:

- -the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire; or
- -it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which either:
- -substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred; or
- -the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset.

Transferred assets are not derecognised when the Group enters into transactions whereby it transfers assets recognised in its consolidated statements of financial position, but retains either all or substantially all of the risks and rewards of the transferred assets.

## (o) Income tax

Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred assets and liabilities.  Current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (o) Income tax (continued)

Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised. Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary differences  support  the  recognition  of  deferred  tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.

The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences arising from goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination), and temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the reversal and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences, unless it is probable that they will reverse in the future.

Where investment properties are carried at their fair value in accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 1(g), the amount of deferred tax recognised is measured using the tax rates that would apply on sale of those assets at their carrying value at the end of the reporting period unless the property is depreciable and is held within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the properties over time, rather than through sale.  In all other cases, the amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit to be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available.

Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised when the liability to pay the related dividends is recognised.

Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other and are not offset.  Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities, if the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

- -in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or
- -in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either:
- -the same taxable entity; or
- -different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (p) Inventories

Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

Cost  of  motor  vehicles  is  determined  primarily  on  an  actual  cost  basis  while  cost  of  inventories  other  than motor vehicles is accounted for on an average cost basis.  Cost comprises the purchase price including import duties (where applicable), costs of conversion and other directly attributable costs of acquisition in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

Net  realisable  value  is  determined  by  reference  to  the  sales  proceeds  of  items  sold  in  the  ordinary  course of  business  after  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  or  to  management  estimates  based  on  prevailing  market conditions.

When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in the period in which the related revenue is recognised.  The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories are recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognised as an expense in the period in which the reversal occurs.

## (q) Contract liabilities

A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue (see note 1(w)).  A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue.  In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see note 1(n)).

## (r) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances, call deposits and deposits with maturity of less than three months when placed.  Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group's cash management are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the consolidated cash flow statement.  Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL in accordance with the policy set out in note 1(x)(i).

## (s) Trade and other creditors

Trade and other creditors are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and other creditors are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice amounts.

## (t) Interest-bearing borrowings

Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs.  Subsequent to initial recognition,  interest-bearing  borrowings  are  stated  at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest  method. Interest expense is recognised in accordance with the Group's accounting policy for borrowing costs (see note 1(m)).

## (u) Provisions and contingent liabilities

Provisions are recognised when the Group or the Company has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made.  Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (u) Provisions and contingent liabilities (continued)

Where it is  not  probable  that  an  outflow  of  economic  benefits  will  be  required,  or  the  amount  cannot  be estimated  reliably,  the  obligation  is  disclosed  as  a  contingent  liability,  unless  the  probability  of  outflow  of economic benefits is remote.  Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed by another party, a separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement that would be virtually certain. The amount recognised for the reimbursement is limited to the carrying amount of the provision.

## (v) Warranties

A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying motor vehicles are sold.  The provision is based on  historical  warranty  claim  experience  and  a  weighting  of  all  possible  outcomes  against  their  associated probabilities.

## (w) Revenue and other income

Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision of services or the use by others of the Group's assets under leases in the ordinary course of the Group's business.

The Group is the principal for its revenue transactions and recognise revenue on a gross basis, including the sale of motor vehicles that are sourced externally. In determining whether the Group acts as a principal or as an agent, it considers whether it obtains control of the vehicles before they are transferred to the customers. Control refers to the Group's ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the vehicles.

## (i) Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred  to  the  customers  at  the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties such as value added tax or other sales taxes.

Further details of the Group's revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

## (a) Sale of motor vehicles

Revenue is recognised when the customer takes possession of and accepts the motor vehicles, and the issuance of registration. Payment terms and conditions vary by customers and are based on the billing schedule established in the contracts with customers, but the Group generally provides credit terms to customers with seven days to six months from the date of billing.

The  Group  offers  warranties  for  its  motor  vehicles  and  the  related  provision  is  recognised  in accordance with the policy set out in note 1(v).

## (b) Service fees and other income

Revenue from rendering of services, management services fee, agency commission and handling fees and warranty income are recognised when the related services are provided.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (w) Revenue and other income (continued)

## (ii) Revenue from other sources and other income

- (a)       Rental income from operating leases

Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal instalments over the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are recognised in profit or loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.

## (b) Dividend

- -Dividend income from unlisted investments is recognised when the shareholder's right to receive payment is established.
- -Dividend  income  from  listed  investments  is  recognised  when  the  share  price  of  the investment goes ex-dividend.

## (c) Interest income

Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method using the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset. For financial assets measured at amortised cost that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit  impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset (see note 1 (x)(i)).

## (d) Government grants

Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial  position  initially when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them. Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred.

## (x) Credit loss and impairment

## (i) Credit losses from financial instrument

The  Group  recognises  a  loss  allowance  for  ECLs  on  the  financial  assets  measured  at  amortised  cost (including cash and cash equivalents, trade and other debtors, loans and advances and amounts due from related companies).

Financial assets measured at fair value, which are equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling), are not subject to the ECL assessment.

## Measurement of ECLs

ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (x) Credit loss and impairment (continued)

## (i) Credit losses from financial instrument (continued)

## Measurement of ECLs (continued)

The  expected  cash  shortfalls  are  discounted  using  the  following  discount  rates  where  the  effect  of discounting is material:

- -fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other debtors, loans and advances and amounts due from related companies: effective interest rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof; and
- -variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate;

The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available without  undue  cost  or  effort.    This  includes  information  about  past  events,  current  conditions  and forecasts of future economic conditions.

ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

- -12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within the 12 months after the reporting date; and
- -lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

Loss allowances for trade debtors, and loans and advances are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group's historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.

For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

## Significant increases in credit risk

In  assessing  whether  the  credit  risk  of  a  financial  instrument  has  increased  significantly  since  initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at the reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial recognition. In making this reassessment, the Group considers that a default event occurs when (i) the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held) or (ii) the financial asset is 90 days past due. The Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (x) Credit loss and impairment (continued)

## (i) Credit losses from financial instrument (continued)

## Significant increases in credit risk (continued)

In  particular,  the  following  information  is  taken  into  account  when  assessing  whether  credit  risk  has increased significantly since initial recognition:

- -failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;
- -an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument's external or internal credit rating (if available);
- -an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and
- -existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have a significant adverse effect on the debtor's ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis.  When the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument's credit risk since initial  recognition.  Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss.  The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

## Basis of calculation of interest income

Interest income recognised in accordance with note 1(w)(ii)(c) is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset.

At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired.  A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

- -significant financial difficulties of the debtor;
- -a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
- -it  becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
- -significant  changes  in  the  technological.  market,  economic  or  legal  environment  that  have  an adverse effect on the debtor; or
- -the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the issuer.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (x) Credit loss and impairment (continued)

## (i) Credit losses from financial instrument (continued)

## Write-off policy

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset and lease receivable is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery.  This is generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

## (ii) Impairment of other non-current assets

Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify indications that the following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of goodwill, an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased:

- -property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets;
- -intangible assets;
- -interest in associate;
- -goodwill; and
- -investments in subsidiaries in the Company's statement of financial position.

If any such indication exists, the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable amount is estimated annually, whether or not there is any indication of impairment.

## -Calculation of recoverable amount

The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.  In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.  Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit). A portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if the allocation can be done on a reasonable and consistent basis, or to the smallest group of cashgenerating units if otherwise.

## -Recognition of impairment losses

An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the cashgenerating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount, except for land and buildings which were revalued in 1984.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (x) Credit loss and impairment (continued)

- (ii) Impairment of other non-current assets (continued)
- -Recognition of impairment losses (continued)

Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if determinable).  When an impairment loss arises on the land and buildings which were revalued in 1984, it will first be charged against the attributable balance relating to the properties included in the capital reserve and any excess will be charged to profit or loss.

## -Reversals of impairment losses

In  respect  of  assets  other  than  goodwill,  an  impairment  loss  is  reversed  if  there  has  been  a favourable change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

A reversal of impairment losses is limited to the asset's carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years.  Reversals of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.

## (iii) Interim financial reporting and impairment

Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with IAS 34, Interim financial reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial year. At the end of the interim period, the Group applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as it would at the end of the financial year (see notes 1(x)(i) and (ii)).

Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not reversed in a subsequent period. This is the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been recognised had the impairment been assessed only at the end of the financial year to which the interim period relates.

## (y) Employee benefits

## (i) Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined benefit retirement plans

Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans and the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are stated at their present values.

## (ii) Defined benefit retirement plans

The Group's net obligation in respect of defined benefit retirement plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods; that benefit is discounted to determine the present value and the fair value of any plan assets is deducted.  The calculation is performed by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method.  When the calculation results in a benefit to the Group, the recognised asset is limited to the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (y) Employee benefits (continued)

## (ii) Defined benefit retirement plans (continued)

Service cost and net interest expense (income) on the net defined benefit liability (asset) are recognised in profit or loss and allocated by function as part of 'cost of sales', 'distribution costs' or 'administrative expenses'.  Current service cost is measured as the increase in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from employee service in the current period.   Net interest expense (income) for the period is determined by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the reporting period to the net defined benefit liability (asset).  The discount rate is the yield at the end of the reporting period on high quality corporate bonds that have maturity dates approximating the terms of the Group's obligations.

When the benefits of a plan are changed, or when a plan is curtailed, current service cost for the portion of the changed benefit related to past service by employees, or the gain or loss on curtailment, is recognised as an expense in profit or loss at the earlier of when the plan amendment or curtailment occurs and when related restructuring costs or termination benefits are recognised.

Remeasurements arising from defined benefit retirement plans are recognised in other comprehensive income and reflected immediately in retained earnings.  Remeasurements comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability  (asset))  and  any  change  in  the  effect  of  the  asset  ceiling  (excluding  amounts  included  in  net interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset)).

## (iii) Share-based payments

The fair value of the points granted under the stock compensation program ('Program') to employees of a subsidiary is recognised as an employee cost with a corresponding increase in stock compensation reserve within equity.  The fair value is measured at grant date using the Black-Scholes model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the points were granted. Where the employees are rewarded with points based on their performance, they are entitled to convert each point into one share of the subsidiary. The total estimated fair value of the points is spread over the estimated conversion period.

The difference arising from transfer for conversion of points to shares of the subsidiary is debited/credited to stock compensation reserve.  At the end of the reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of shares that are expected to be ultimately converted.  The impact of the revision of the estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss with a corresponding adjustment to the stock compensation reserve.

## (z) Segment reporting

Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group's most senior executive management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group's various lines of business and geographical locations.

Individually  material  operating  segments  are  not  aggregated  for  financial  reporting  purposes  unless  the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the products or  provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment.  Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 1 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## (aa) Dividends

Dividends are recognised as a liability in the period in which they are declared.

## (ab) Related parties

- (1) A person, or a close member of that person's family, is related to the Group if that person:
2. (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
3. (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
4. (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group's parent.
- (2) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:
6. (i) The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
7. (ii) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).
8. (iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
9. (iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.
10. (v) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group.
11. (vi) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (1).
12. (vii) A person identified in (1)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
13. (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or to the Group's parent.

Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 2 Significant accounting estimates and judgements

## (a) Impairment of trade debtors and loans and advances

Debtors are reviewed periodically to assess for impairment. The Group estimates loss allowances for expected credit losses based on historical loss experience, loss given default and the current and forecast general economic conditions for debtors with similar credit risk ageing of the receivables and customer credit worthiness. If the financial conditions of customers were to deteriorate, actual write off would be higher than expected. The methodology and assumptions used are reviewed regularly to reduce any difference between the loss estimates and actual amounts.

## (b) Allowances for obsolescence of inventories

The  Group  determines  the  allowances  for  obsolescence  of  inventories  based  on  current  market  conditions and historical experience of selling goods of similar nature. Due to changes in customers' preferences, actual saleability of goods may be different from estimation and profit or loss in future accounting periods could be affected by differences in this estimation.

## (c) Valuation of investment properties

As described in note 12, investment properties are stated at fair value based on the valuation performed by an independent firm of surveyors or a director of the Company. In determining the fair value, a method of valuation is used which involves certain estimates including adjustment on the quality of the buildings against comparable properties.

## (d) Impairment of property, plant and equipment

If circumstances indicate that carrying value of property, plant and equipment and interest in leasehold land may not be recoverable, these assets may be considered impaired, and an impairment loss may be recognised in accordance with IAS 36, Impairment of assets. The carrying amounts of these assets are reviewed periodically in order to assess whether the recoverable amounts have declined below the carrying amounts.  These assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their recorded carrying amount may not be recoverable. When such a decline has occurred, the carrying amount is reduced to recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the greater of the net selling prices and the value in use.  It is difficult to estimate precisely selling prices because quoted market prices for the Group's assets are not readily available. In determining the value in use, expected cash flows generated by the asset are discounted to their present value, which requires significant judgement relating to revenue and amount of operating costs. The Group uses all readily available information in determining an amount that is a reasonable approximation of recoverable amount, including estimates based on reasonable and supportable assumptions and projections of revenue and amount of operating costs.

## (e) Business acquisitions

For the business acquisitions undertaken by the Group, the Group allocates the costs of the acquisition to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair value on the date of acquisition. This process is commonly referred to as the purchase price allocation. As part of the purchase price allocation, the Group is required to determine the fair value of any identifiable assets acquired. The determination of the fair value of the assets acquired involves certain judgement and estimates.

The fair values of the identifiable assets were determined by the Group with inputs from the independent valuers using the direct market comparison method and direct capitalisation method. These inputs involving judgements and estimation can include, but are not limited to, determining appropriate market rents, capitalisation rates and discount rates.

A change in the amount allocated to identifiable assets would have an offsetting effect on the amount of goodwill recognised from the acquisition and would change the amount of amortisation expense recognised related to those identifiable assets.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 3 Revenue

Revenue represents the sales value of goods sold, services provided to customers, rental income, interest income on loans and advances, management service fees, agency commission and handling fees and warranty income, net of goods and services taxes where applicable, is analysed as follows:

## (i) Disaggregation of revenue

Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service lines is as follows.

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS 15  Disaggregated by major products or services lines  - Sale of goods  5,048,992  4,625,843  - Rendering of services  7,894,714  7,065,077  - Management service fees  1,000  1,000  - Agency commission and handling fees  29,742  42,375  - Warranty income  490  1,597  Revenue from other sources:  - Gross rental from investment properties that are fixed  120,140  98,981  - Interest income on loans and advances  203,662  30,084  - Rental income for motor vehicles held for leasing  179,927  -  13,478,667  11,864,957   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Disaggregation  of  revenue  from  contracts  with  customers  by  the  timing  of  revenue  recognition  and  by geographic markets is disclosed in note 36(b).

The Group's customer base is diversified and the Group does not have any customer in 2021 and 2022 with whom transactions have exceeded 10% of the Group's revenue.

Further details regarding the Group's principal activities and segment information are disclosed in note 36.

- (ii) Revenue expected to be recognised in the future arising from contracts with customers in existence at the reporting date

As at 31 December 2022, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations under the Group's existing contracts is $35,947,000 (2021: $38,892,000).  This amount represents revenue expected to be recognised in the future from warranty services which should be distinct as a separate performance obligation in warranty service contracts or stated in a separate service contract entered into by the customers with the Group.  The Group will recognise the expected revenue in future when or as the work is completed.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 4 Other net income

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Bank and other interest income on financial assets measured at amortised cost  28,409  14,093  Dividend income  - listed investments  41,010  41,163  - unlisted investments  4,700  -  Gain on disposal of investment properties  335,316  -  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  12,818  135,374  Gain on bargain purchase arising from step acquisition (note 20(c))  -  98  Loss on disposal of intangible assets  (6)  -  Gain on deemed disposal of interest in an associate  97,288  -  Valuation gain on investment properties, net  113,213  372,397  Proceeds from sales of scrap materials  1,623  1,178  Marketing subsidies  4,450  8,889  Government grants (note)  5,260  15,299  Reimbursement for safety recall  3,298  15,185  Others  33,320  15,537  680,699  619,213   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  The amount represents subsidies received from governments in various locations to provide financial support to enterprises.

## 5 Other operating expenses

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Bank charges  9,330  10,574  Reversal of impairment losses on trade debtors (note 22)  (1,400)  (1,249)  Provision/(reversal) of impairment losses on loans and advances (note 23)  11,290  (1,337)  Others  26,890  15,747  46,110  23,735   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6 Financing costs

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Interest expense  - on borrowings and bank overdrafts  91,792  40,284  - on leases liabilities  13,632  17,752  105,424  58,036   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 7 Profit before taxation

Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Cost of goods sold  4,205,842  3,809,623  Depreciation  - owned property, plant and equipment  311,109  269,241  - right-of-use assets  321,568  353,008  Amortisation of intangible assets  17,347  23,927  Auditors' remuneration  - audit services  11,937  9,896  - tax services  662  808  - others  85  90  Provision for warranties  33,102  8,840  Net foreign exchange loss  293,494  85,447  Rentals receivable from investment properties less direct  outgoings of $38,053,000 (2021: $35,846,000)  (82,087)  (63,135)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8 Personnel expenses

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Wages and salaries  770,361  787,845  Retirement benefit costs  73,778  76,440  Share based payment expenses (note 32)  1,311  2,899  Others  78,147  69,793  923,597  936,977   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group makes contributions to defined benefit retirement plans and defined contribution retirement plans pursuant to the rules and regulations applicable to the Group in the countries where the Group operates.  The Group's obligation for the payment of retirement benefits are set out in note 27.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 9 Directors' and senior executives' remuneration

- (a) Directors' emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:

| Directors'  fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Discretionary  bonuses  Retirement  scheme  contributions  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  2022  Executive directors  Tan Eng Soon  4,640  18,779  3,521  43  26,983  Glenn Tan Chun Hong  1,880  5,358  1,005  99  8,342  Tan Kheng Leong  300  3,376  260  43  3,979  Sng Chiew Huat  1,410  5,459  1,024  43  7,936  Non-executive director  Joseph Ong Yong Loke  882  -  -  -  882  Independent non-executive directors  Ng Kim Tuck  340  -  -  -  340  Azman Bin Badrillah  310  -  -  -  310  Prechaya Ebrahim  200  -  -  -  200  Teo Ek Kee  340  -  -  -  340  Charles Tseng Chia Chun *  -  -  -  -  -  10,302  32,972  5,810  228  49,312   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 9 Directors' and senior executives' remuneration (continued)

- (a) Directors' emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows: (continued)

| Directors'  fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Discretionary  bonuses  Retirement  scheme  contributions  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  2021  Executive directors  Tan Eng Soon  4,560  16,733  1,195  44  22,532  Glenn Tan Chun Hong  1,840  4,774  341  100  7,055  Tan Kheng Leong  300  3,174  264  44  3,782  Sng Chiew Huat  1,210  4,864  348  44  6,466  Non-executive director  Joseph Ong Yong Loke  200  -  -  -  200  Independent non-executive directors  Ng Kim Tuck  340  -  -  -  340  Azman Bin Badrillah  310  -  -  -  310  Prechaya Ebrahim  200  -  -  -  200  Teo Ek Kee  340  -  -  -  340  Charles Tseng Chia Chun *  -  -  -  -  -  9,300  29,545  2,148  232  41,225   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Charles Tseng Chia Chun was appointed as independent non-executive director on 10 January 2022.

- (b) Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, three (2021: four) are directors whose emoluments are disclosed in note 9(a) above.  The emoluments in respect of the other two individuals are as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Salaries and other emoluments  10,335  5,307   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The emoluments of the two (2021: one) individual with the highest emoluments is within the following band:

| 2022  2021  Number of  individuals  Number of  individuals  $4,000,001 - $4,500,000  1  -  $5,000,001 - $5,500,000  -  1  $5,500,001 - $6,000,000  1  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 10 Taxation

## (a) Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Current tax expense  Provision for the year  269,647  191,813  (Over)/under-provision in respect of prior years  (4,053)  1,833  265,594  193,646  Deferred tax expense  Origination and reversal of temporary differences  (443)  10,567  Total income tax expense in the consolidated statement of  profit or loss  265,151  204,213   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made in the financial statements as the Group did not generate assessable profit in Hong Kong during the current and prior years.

The statutory corporate income tax rate for the Group's operations in Singapore, Japan and Taiwan is 17% (2021: 17%), 31% (2021: 31%) and 20% (2021: 20%) respectively.  Taxation for other subsidiaries is charged at the appropriate current rates of taxation ruling in the relevant jurisdictions.

## (b) Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Profit before taxation  775,815  658,089  Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at the rates applicable  to profits in the jurisdictions concerned  181,214  131,108  Adjustments resulting from:  Tax effect of non-deductible expenses  59,605  40,694  Tax effect of non-taxable income  (110,616)  (96,946)  Tax effect of tax losses not recognised  111,398  130,829  Tax effect of previously unrecognised tax losses or deductible  temporary differences utilised  (11,972)  (23,998)  Withholding tax on dividend income from subsidiaries (note)  39,575  20,693  (Over)/under-provision in respect of prior years  (4,053)  1,833  Actual tax expense  265,151  204,213   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  Withholding tax on dividend income is charged at the appropriate withholding tax rates applicable to the relevant jurisdictions.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 10 Taxation (continued)

## (c) Deferred tax assets and liabilities

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities of the Group at 31 December 2022 are attributable to the items detailed in the table below:

| 2022  2021  Assets  Liabilities  Net  Assets  Liabilities  Net  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Property, plant and  equipment  488  (176,318)  (175,830)  1,025  (84,190)  (83,165)  Investment properties  -  (25,945)  (25,945)  -  (25,230)  (25,230)  Investments designated as at  fair value through other  comprehensive income  -  (6,380)  (6,380)  -  (6,717)  (6,717)  Inventories  1,992  -  1,992  2,085  -  2,085  Trade debtors  21,760  -  21,760  4,947  -  4,947  Loans and advances  -  (40,645)  (40,645)  -  -  -  Creditors and accruals  39,265  -  39,265  48,967  (4,088)  44,879  Provisions  7,430  -  7,430  4,925  -  4,925  Intangible assets  -  (5,690)  (5,690)  -  (9,362)  (9,362)  Tax losses carried-forward  15,249  -  15,249  17,181  -  17,181  Deferred tax  assets/(liabilities)  86,184  (254,978)  (168,794)  79,130  (129,587)  (50,457)  Set-off within legal tax units  and jurisdictions  (18,649)  18,649  -  (22,409)  22,409  -  Net deferred tax  assets/(liabilities)  67,535  (236,329)  (168,794)  56,721  (107,178)  (50,457)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  accordance  with  the  accounting  policy  set  out  in  note  1(o),  the  Group  has  not  recognised  deferred  tax assets in respect of cumulative tax losses and other deductible temporary differences of $3,499,000,000 (2021: $3,410,000,000) as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity.  Among these tax losses, $2,817,571,000 (2021: $2,810,942,000) will expire within 3 to 10 years after the end of the reporting period.  The remaining tax losses do not expire under current tax legislations.

At 31 December 2022, temporary differences relating to the undistributed profits of subsidiaries amounted to $2,640,502,000 (2021: $2,499,021,000).  Deferred tax liabilities of $412,439,000 (2021: $380,282,000) have not been recognised in respect of the tax that would be payable on distribution of these retained profits as the Company controls the dividend policy of these subsidiaries and the directors are of the opinion that profits will not be distributed in the foreseeable future.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 10 Taxation (continued)

## (d) Movement in deferred tax liabilities of the Group during the year:

| Balance at  1 January  2021  Exchange  adjustment  Recognised  in other  comprehensive  income  Recognised in  profit or loss  Balance at  31 December  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Property, plant and  equipment  (87,173)  5,920  -  (1,912)  (83,165)  Investment properties  (26,173)  1,994  -  (1,051)  (25,230)  Investments designated  as at fair value through  other comprehensive  income  (4,617)  456  (2,556)  -  (6,717)  Inventories  2,146  (36)  -  (25)  2,085  Trade debtors  5,017  (164)  -  94  4,947  Creditors and accruals  56,326  (5,386)  240  (6,301)  44,879  Provisions  3,700  71  -  1,154  4,925  Intangible assets  (9,289)  -  -  (73)  (9,362)  Tax losses carried-forward  19,634  -  -  (2,453)  17,181  (40,429)  2,855  (2,316)  (10,567)  (50,457)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 10 Taxation (continued)

## (d) Movement in deferred tax liabilities of the Group during the year: (continued)

| Balance at  1 January  2022  Additions  through step  acquisition of  Ethoz Group  (Note 20(b))  Exchange  adjustment  Recognised  in other  comprehensive  income  Recognised  in profit or  loss  Balance at  31  December  2022  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Property, plant and  equipment  (83,165)  (98,676)  5,127  -  884  (175,830)  Investment  properties  (25,230)  671  2,069  -  (3,455)  (25,945)  Investments  designated as  at fair value  through other  comprehensive  income  (6,717)  -  865  (528)  -  (6,380)  Inventories  2,085  -  (58)  -  (35)  1,992  Trade debtors  4,947  15,836  347  -  630  21,760  Loans and advances  -  (40,214)  (1,167)  -  736  (40,645)  Creditors and  accruals  44,879  2,590  (5,335)  204  (3,073)  39,265  Provisions  4,925  -  (511)  -  3,016  7,430  Intangible assets  (9,362)  -  -  -  3,672  (5,690)  Tax losses carried-  forward  17,181  -  -  -  (1,932)  15,249  (50,457)  (119,793)  1,337  (324)  443  (168,794)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11 Earnings per share

The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of $418,073,000 (2021: $378,098,000) and the number of 2,013,309,000 ordinary shares (2021: 2,013,309,000) in issue during the year.

Diluted earnings per share for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 is the same as basic earnings per share as there were no dilutive securities outstanding during the years presented.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 12 Investment properties

| Freehold  land and  buildings  Leasehold  land and  buildings  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  At 1 January 2021  2,870,873  836,912  3,707,785  Additions  8,318  61,894  70,212  Fair value adjustments  336,518  35,879  372,397  Exchange adjustments  (75,531)  (9,845)  (85,376)  At 31 December 2021  3,140,178  924,840  4,065,018  At 1 January 2022  3,140,178  924,840  4,065,018  Additions  149,812  17,637  167,449  Additions through step acquisition of Ethoz Group (note 20(b))  49,083  -  49,083  Disposals  (49,449)  (547,918)  (597,367)  Fair value adjustments  138,195  (24,982)  113,213  Exchange adjustments  (22,052)  (7,986)  (30,038)  At 31 December 2022  3,405,767  361,591  3,767,358   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Fair value measurement of properties

## (i) Fair value hierarchy

The following table presents the fair value of the Group's investment properties measured at the end of the reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in IFRS 13, Fair value measurement.  The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

| - Level 1 valuations: Fair  value  measured  using  only  Level  1  inputs  i.e.  unadjusted  quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement  date  - -  - Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available  - Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 12 Investment properties (continued)

## (a) Fair value measurement of properties (continued)

## (i) Fair value hierarchy (continued)

| Fair value at  31 December  2022  Fair value measurements as at  31 December 2022 categorised into  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Recurring fair value  measurement  - Freehold land and buildings  -  Singapore  3,103,629  -  -  3,103,629  -  Japan  302,138  -  -  302,138  3,405,767  -  -  3,405,767  - Leasehold land and buildings  -  Hong Kong  222,258  -  -  222,258  -  Singapore  139,333  -  -  139,333  361,591  -  -  361,591  3,767,358  -  -  3,767,358  Fair value at  31 December  2021  Fair value measurements as at  31 December 2021 categorised into  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Recurring fair value  measurement  - Freehold land and buildings  -  Singapore  2,799,898  -  -  2,799,898  -  Japan  340,280  -  -  340,280  3,140,178  -  -  3,140,178  - Leasehold land and buildings  -  Hong Kong  223,804  -  -  223,804  -  Singapore  701,036  -  -  701,036  924,840  -  -  924,840  4,065,018  -  -  4,065,018   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 12 Investment properties (continued)

## (a) Fair value measurement of properties (continued)

## (i) Fair value hierarchy (continued)

During the year ended 31 December 2022, there were no transfers between levels (2021: nil). The Group's policy is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.

All of the Group's investment properties were revalued as at 31 December 2022. The valuations were carried out either by a director of the Company or an independent firm of surveyors, Midzuki Real Estate Appraisal Firm Co., Ltd.

The director of the Company who is a member of the Singapore Institute of Surveyors and Valuers, carried out valuations for investment properties in Hong Kong and Singapore by using the market comparison approach and residual approach.

Midzuki Real Estate Appraisal Firm Co., Ltd., which has among its staff members of certified real estate appraisers in Japan, carried out valuation for the Group's investment properties in Japan by using the discounted cash flow approach.

## (ii) Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

| Valuation  techniques  Unobservable  input  Range  -  Freehold land and  buildings  -  Singapore  Market comparison  approach  Discount/premium on  quality of the buildings  -25% to 25%  (2021: -33%  to -8%)  -  Japan  Discounted cash flow  approach  Discount rate  4.4%  (2021: 4.6%)  -  Leasehold land  and buildings  -  Hong Kong  Market comparison  approach  Discount/premium on  quality of the buildings  -8% to 11%  (2021: -21% to 6%)  -  Singapore  Market comparison  approach  Discount/premium on  quality of the buildings  -24% to 26%  (2021: -21% to 33%)  Residual approach  Estimated profit margin  on redevelopment  N/A  (2021: 10%)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of investment properties in Singapore is determined by the market comparison approach by reference to recent sales prices of comparable properties, adjusted for a premium or a discount specific to the quality of the Group's investment properties compared to recent sales. Higher premium for higher quality buildings will result in a higher fair value measurement.

As at 31 December 2021, the fair value of one of the investment properties in Singapore was determined by  using  the  residual  approach  based  on  estimated  gross  redevelopment  value,  estimated  cost  for redevelopment and estimated profit margin on redevelopment. The investment property was disposed of during the year ended 31 December 2022.

The  fair  value  of  investment  properties  located  in  Japan  is  determined  by  the  discounted  cash  flow approach (an approach within the income approach) based on the expected market rental growth and occupancy rate of the respective properties.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 12 Investment properties (continued)

## (a) Fair value measurement of properties (continued)

## (ii) Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)

The  fair  value  of  investment  properties  located  in  Hong  Kong  is  determined  by  using  the  market comparison  approach  with  reference  to  recent  sales  prices  of  comparable  properties,  adjusted  for  a premium or a discount specific to the quality of the Group's investment properties compared to recent sales. Higher premium for higher quality buildings will result in a higher fair value measurement.

The movements during the year in the balance of these Level 3 fair value measurements are as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Freehold land and buildings - Singapore  At 1 January  2,799,898  2,509,535  Additions  149,812  -  Additions through step acquisition of Ethoz Group (note 20(b))  49,083  -  Disposals (note)  (49,449)  -  Exchange adjustments  21,840  (39,211)  Fair value adjustments  132,445  329,574  At 31 December  3,103,629  2,799,898  Freehold land and buildings - Japan  At 1 January  340,280  361,338  Additions  -  8,318  Exchange adjustments  (43,892)  (36,320)  Fair value adjustments  5,750  6,944  At 31 December  302,138  340,280  Leasehold land and buildings - Hong Kong  At 1 January  223,804  194,872  Fair value adjustments  (1,546)  28,932  At 31 December  222,258  223,804  Leasehold land and buildings - Singapore  At 1 January  701,036  642,040  Additions  17,637  61,894  Disposals (note)  (547,918)  -  Exchange adjustments  (7,986)  (9,845)  Fair value adjustments  (23,436)  6,947  At 31 December  139,333  701,036   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: During the year, investment properties with carrying amount of $597,367,000 (2021: $Nil) were disposed of, for a proceed of $932,683,000 (2021: $Nil) and a gain on disposal of $335,316,000 (2021: $Nil) was recognised accordingly.

Property valuation reserve of $331,167,000 was also transferred to retained profits upon the disposal during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 12 Investment properties (continued)

- (b) An analysis of the valuation of freehold and leasehold land and buildings is as follows:
- (c) The Group leases out investment property under operating leases. The leases typically run for an initial period of one to five years, with an option to renew the lease after that date at which time all terms are renegotiated. None of the leases includes variable lease payments.

| Freehold land  and buildings  Leasehold land  and buildings  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  In Hong Kong  with remaining lease term of:  - Medium term lease  -  -  222,258  223,804  Outside Hong Kong  - Freehold  3,405,767  3,140,178  -  -  with remaining lease term of:  - Long lease  -  -  139,333  701,036  3,405,767  3,140,178  361,591  924,840   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Undiscounted lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases in place at the reporting date will be receivable by the Group in future periods as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Within 1 year  9,691  8,348  After 1 year but within 2 years  14,451  4,684  After 2 year but within 3 years  210  2,572  24,352  15,604   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 13 Property, plant and equipment

## (a) Reconciliation of carrying amount

| Freehold  land  Interest in  leasehold  land  Buildings  Plant,  machinery  and  equipment  Furniture,  fixtures,  fittings  and office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Construction  in progress  Other  properties  leased for  own use  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cost or valuation:  At 1 January 2022  1,162,635  163,833  2,730,483  836,927  507,908  1,028,407  16,948  1,059,899  7,507,040  Exchange adjustments  (83,995)  (6,289)  (121,868)  (32,211)  (25,356)  (101,473)  (2,119)  (83,449)  (456,760)  Additions  -  -  73,792  25,524  25,386  373,984  33,573  219,225  751,484  Acquisition of IKEDA (note  20(a))  -  -  -  -  68  -  -  -  68  Additions through step  acquisition of Ethoz  Group (note 20(b))  -  24,992  168,807  -  16,408  778,241  2,243  50,951  1,041,642  Disposals  -  -  (9,696)  (26,734)  (18,518)  (131,769)  (28)  (85,458)  (272,203)  Transfer from/(to)  construction in progress  -  339  6,319  990  15,222  (22,870)  -  -  At 31 December 2022  1,078,640  182,536  2,841,857  809,825  506,886  1,962,612  27,747  1,161,168  8,571,271  Representing:  Cost  850,257  182,536  2,779,611  809,825  506,886 1,962,612  27,747  1,161,168  8,280,642  Valuation - 1984  228,383  -  62,246  -  -  -  -  -  290,629  1,078,640  182,536  2,841,857  809,825  506,886 1,962,612  27,747  1,161,168  8,571,271  Accumulated  amortisation and  depreciation:  At 1 January 2022  -  120,848  984,665  346,033  443,111  426,239  -  374,472  2,695,368  Exchange  adjustments  -  (1,936)  (57,753)  (11,086)  (21,336)  (34,441)  -  (35,160)  (161,712)  Charge for the year  -  5,334  98,050  66,484  29,029  192,902  -  240,878  632,677  Written back on disposals  -  -  (8,741)  (24,882)  (18,278)  (100,158)  -  (75,261)  (227,320)  At 31 December 2022  -  124,246  1,016,221  376,549  432,526  484,542  -  504,929  2,939,013  Net book value:  At 31 December 2022  1,078,640  58,290  1,825,636  433,276  74,360 1,478,070  27,747  656,239  5,632,258   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 13 Property, plant and equipment (continued)

## (a) Reconciliation of carrying amount (continued)

| Freehold  land  Interest in  leasehold  land  Buildings  Plant,  machinery  and  equipment  fixtures,  fittings  and office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Construction  in progress  Other  properties  leased for  own use  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cost or valuation:  At 1 January 2021  1,225,233  165,890  2,858,085  931,652  551,842 1,126,013  23,662  1,000,935  7,883,312  Exchange adjustments  (62,598)  (2,057)  (95,486)  (50,905)  (14,114)  (88,319)  (323)  (13,552)  (327,354)  Additions  -  -  36,757  58,481  13,417  157,258  31,739  426,809  724,461  Additions through step  acquisition of Zero  Scm Logistics (Beijing)  Co., Ltd ('Zero SCM')  (Note 20(c))  -  -  -  -  -  21,454  -  -  21,454  Disposals  -  -  (68,873)  (102,336)  (45,122)  (224,209)  -  (354,293)  (794,833)  Transfer from construction  in progress  -  -  -  35  1,885  36,210  (38,130)  -  -  At 31 December 2021  1,162,635  163,833  2,730,483  836,927  507,908 1,028,407  16,948  1,059,899  7,507,040  Representing:  Cost  935,503  163,833  2,668,577  836,927  507,908 1,028,407  16,948  1,059,899  7,218,002  Valuation - 1984  227,132  -  61,906  -  -  -  -  -  289,038  1,162,635  163,833  2,730,483  836,927  507,908 1,028,407  16,948  1,059,899  7,507,040  Accumulated  amortisation and  depreciation:  At 1 January 2021  -  117,472  978,118  314,086  437,125  481,430  -  469,684  2,797,915  Exchange  adjustments  -  (1,656)  (33,414)  (12,458)  (11,638)  (34,456)  -  (4,779)  (98,401)  Charge for the year  -  5,032  98,238  78,649  36,924  140,344  -  263,062  622,249  Written back on disposals  -  -  (58,277)  (34,244)  (19,300)  (161,079)  -  (353,495)  (626,395)  At 31 December 2021  -  120,848  984,665  346,033  443,111  426,239  -  374,472  2,695,368  Net book value:  At 31 December 2021  1,162,635  42,985  1,745,818  490,894  64,797  602,168  16,948  685,427  4,811,672   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Furniture,

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 13 Property, plant and equipment (continued)

## (a) Reconciliation of carrying amount (continued)

- (i) Certain land and buildings were revalued by the directors based on independent professional valuations in 1984. These properties are carried at the respective revalued amounts totalling Singapore Dollar ('SGD') 50,061,000 (equivalent to $290,629,000 (2021: $289,038,000)) as their deemed cost, as the amount of the adjustments relating to prior periods could not be reasonably determined when IFRSs were first adopted for the purpose of preparing financial statements prior to the initial public offering of the Company.  The requirements of IAS 16, Property, plant and equipment with respect to assets carried at amounts other than cost less accumulated depreciation are therefore not applicable.
- (ii) The  Group  rents  out  certain  motor  vehicles,  trucks  and  forklifts  (included  in  plant,  machinery  and equipment). The rental period typically runs for an initial period within one year, with an option to renew upon expiry at which time all terms are renegotiated. None of the rental agreements includes variable lease payments.

The  cost  of  motor  vehicles  and  machineries  of  the  Group  held  for  rental  amounted  to  a  total  of $1,033,205,000 (2021: $131,511,000), the related accumulated depreciation and depreciation charges for the year amounted to a total of $108,291,000 (2021: $82,835,000) and $85,189,000 (2021: $15,925,000).

Undiscounted lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases in place at the reporting date will be receivable by the Group in future periods are $296,763,000 within one year (2021: $2,664,000 within one year). Where practicable, the Group obtains residual value guarantees from the lessee to reduce the residual asset risk.

## (b) Right-of-use assets

The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:

| Note  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Leasehold land and buildings held for own use, carried at  depreciated cost in Hong Kong, with remaining lease  term of:  (i)  - Short-term lease  11,752  13,853  Leasehold land and building held for own use, carried at  depreciated cost outside Hong Kong, with remaining  lease term of:  (i)  - Medium-term lease  1,312,424  1,164,040  - Short-term lease  15,476  15,906  1,339,652  1,193,799  Other properties leased for own use, carried at  depreciated cost  (ii)  656,239  685,427  Plant, machinery and equipment, carried at  depreciated cost  (iii)  13  239  Motor vehicles, carried at depreciated cost  (iii)  48,305  71,633  2,044,209  1,951,098   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 13 Property, plant and equipment (continued)

## (b) Right-of-use assets (continued)

The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset:  Leasehold land and buildings  67,850  68,695  Other properties leased for own use  240,878  263,062  Plant, machinery and equipment  198  646  Motor vehicles  12,642  20,605  321,568  353,008  Interest on lease liabilities (note 6)  13,632  17,752  Expense relating to short-term leases  8,906  15,961  COVID-19-related rent concession received  (381)  (1,243)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year, additions to right-of-use assets were $297,488,000 (2021: $444,011,000).  This amount included additions of leasehold properties of $61,424,000 (2021: $8,967,000) and the remainder primarily related to the capitalised lease payments payable under new tenancy agreements.

Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in notes 24(c) and 26, respectively.

As  disclosed  in  note  1(k),  the  Group  early  adopted  the  Amendment  to  IFRS16,  Leases,  Covid-19-Related  Rental Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 for the year ended 31 December 2021, and applies the practical expedient to all eligible rent concessions received by the Group.  Further details are disclosed in (ii) below.

## (i) Leasehold land and buildings

The Group holds several buildings for its distribution and dealership business. The Group is the registered owner of these property interests, including the whole or part of undivided share in the underlying land.  Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire these property interests from their previous registered owners, and there are no ongoing payments to be made under the terms of the land lease, other than payments based on ratable values set by the relevant government authorities. These payments vary from time to time and are payable to the relevant government authorities.

## (ii) Other properties leased for own use

The Group has obtained the right to use other properties as its offices, warehouses and retail stores through tenancy agreements. The leases typically run for an initial period of one to nineteen years. In 2021 and 2022, the Group received rent concessions in the form of discount on fixed payments as a result of severe social distancing and travel restriction measures introduced to contain the spread of COVID-19.

## (iii) Plant, machinery and equipment and motor vehicles

The Group leases production plant, machinery, equipment and motor vehicles under leases expiring from one to three years. Some leases include an option to renew the lease when all terms are renegotiated. None of the leases includes variable lease payments.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 14 Intangible assets

| Customer  relationships  Backlog  Computer  software  Others  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cost:  At 1 January 2022  66,379  12,192  76,324  17,225  172,120  Exchange adjustments  (8,549)  (1,570)  (9,896)  (2,023)  (22,038)  Additions  -  -  9,924  -  9,924  Disposals  -  -  (4,871)  (15,144)  (20,015)  At 31 December 2022  57,830  10,622  71,481  58  139,991  Accumulated amortisation:  At 1 January 2022  49,784  -  54,258  14,609  118,651  Exchange adjustments  (6,488)  -  (7,044)  (1,716)  (15,248)  Charge for the year  5,859  -  9,212  2,276  17,347  Written back on disposals  -  -  (4,865)  (15,144)  (20,009)  At 31 December 2022  49,155  -  51,561  25  100,741  Net book value:  At 31 December 2022  8,675  10,622  19,920  33  39,250  Cost:  At 1 January 2021  73,660  13,529  87,588  19,803  194,580  Exchange adjustments  (7,281)  (1,337)  (8,550)  (1,932)  (19,100)  Additions  -  -  5,484  -  5,484  Disposals  -  -  (8,198)  (646)  (8,844)  At 31 December 2021  66,379  12,192  76,324  17,225  172,120  Accumulated amortisation:  At 1 January 2021  48,629  -  54,703  14,131  117,463  Exchange adjustments  (5,756)  -  (5,610)  (2,529)  (13,895)  Charge for the year  6,911  -  13,363  3,653  23,927  Written back on disposals  -  -  (8,198)  (646)  (8,844)  At 31 December 2021  49,784  -  54,258  14,609  118,651  Net book value:  At 31 December 2021  16,595  12,192  22,066  2,616  53,469   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amortisation charge for the year is included in 'distribution costs' in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

The intangible asset with indefinite useful life is allocated to the Group's transportation activities based in Japan. No impairment loss was recognised during the year (2021: $Nil).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 15 Goodwill

| Total  $'000  Cost:  At 1 January 2022  31,769  Addition through acquisition of IKEDA (note 20(a))  47,553  Addition through step acquisition of Ethoz Group (note 20(b))  9,618  Exchange adjustments  (9,442)  At 31 December 2022  79,498  Carrying amount:  At 31 December 2022  79,498  Cost:  At 1 January 2021  45,772  Exchange adjustments  (14,003)  At 31 December 2021  31,769  Carrying amount:  At 31 December 2021  31,769   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Impairment tests for cash-generating units containing goodwill

Goodwill is allocated to the Group's cash-generating units ('CGU') identified according to country of operation and operating segment as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Transportation activities - Japan  69,601  31,769  Other unit without significant goodwill  9,897  -  79,498  31,769   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Impairment assessment has been performed on the CGUs and no impairment loss is considered necessary at 31 December 2022 (2021: $Nil).

## 16 Interest in subsidiaries

The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries as at 31 December 2022 which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.

| Name  Place of  incorporation/  establishment  and operation  Particulars of issued/  registered and paid-  up capital  Percentage  of equity  indirectly  held through  subsidiaries  Principal activities  Tan Chong &amp; Sons Motor  Company (Singapore)  Private Limited  Singapore  Ordinary shares of  SGD100,000,000  Redeemable  preference shares of  SGD100,000,000  100%  Treasury  management  for group entities  Tan Chong Motor Sales Pte  Ltd.  Singapore  SGD10,000,000  100%  Distribution of motor  vehicles  Singapore Automotive  Industries Private Limited  Singapore  SGD2,000,000  100%  Distribution of auto  spare parts   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 16 Interest in subsidiaries (continued)

| Name  Place of  incorporation/  establishment  and operation  Particulars of issued/  registered and paid-  up capital  Percentage  of equity  indirectly  held through  subsidiaries  Principal activities  Tan Chong Industrial  Machinery (Pte) Ltd.  Singapore  Ordinary shares  of SGD4,000,000  Redeemable  preference shares of  SGD25,000,000  100%  Distribution of heavy  commercial vehicles  and industrial  equipment, rental of  machinery and  provision of  workshop  services  Motor Image Enterprises  Pte Ltd.  Singapore  SGD50,000  100%  Distribution of motor  vehicles  Tan Chong Credit Private  Ltd.  Singapore  Ordinary shares of  SGD34,100,000  Redeemable  preference shares of  SGD25,000,000  100%  Hire purchase  financing and  insurance agency  Tan Chong Realty (Private)  Limited  Singapore  Ordinary shares of  SGD32,900,000  Redeemable  preference shares of  SGD50,000,000  100%  Property investment  Brizay Property Pte Ltd.  Singapore  SGD2  100%  Property investment  Ethoz Group Ltd. ("Ethoz  Group")  Singapore  SGD1,280,000  100%  Sale, leasing and  financing of motor  vehicles, leasing of  equipment,  commercial  loans and provision of  motor vehicles repair  services  Ethoz Protect Pte Ltd  Singapore  SGD100,000  100%  Motor vehicles repair  and maintenance  services  Ethoz Capital Ltd  Singapore  SGD50,000,000  100%  Financing of  commercial loans,  leasing and financing  of motor vehicles  Ethoz Auto Leasing Ltd  Singapore  SGD2,000,000  100%  Sale and leasing of  motor vehicles  Advance Pacific Holdings  Limited  Hong Kong  $8,500,000  100%  Investment holding  Motor Image (HK) Limited  Hong Kong  $8,000,000  100%  Distribution of motor  vehicles  Motor Image (Guangzhou)  Co., Ltd. #  PRC  Registered and  paid up capital of  $120,000,000  100%  Distribution of motor  vehicles  Ethoz Capital (China) Ltd #  PRC  RMB 375,000,000  100%  Financing leasing  services  Motor Image Pilipinas, Inc.  Republic of the  Philippines  Peso 137,625,000  100%  Distribution of motor  vehicles  Taiwan Motor Image Co.,  Ltd.  Taiwan  NTD 5,000,000  100%  Distribution of motor  vehicles   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 16 Interest in subsidiaries (continued)

| Name  Place of  incorporation/  establishment  and operation  Particulars of  issued/registered and  paid up capital  Percentage  of equity  indirectly  held through  subsidiaries  Principal activities  Subaru of Taiwan Co., Ltd.  Taiwan  NTD 53,000,000  65%  Distribution of motor  vehicles and related  products  Nissan Diesel (Thailand)  Company Limited  Thailand  Ordinary shares of  Baht 1,646,456,000  Redeemable  preference shares of  Baht 250,000,000  100%  Trading of spare  parts and  provision of  workshop services  Fuso Truck (Thailand) Co.,  Ltd.  Thailand  Baht 100,000,000  100%  Distribution of heavy  commercial vehicles  and related products  and provision of  workshop services  TC Subaru (Thailand)  Co.,Ltd.  Thailand  Baht 103,755,000  100%  Distribution of  motor vehicles  Tan Chong Subaru  Automotive  (Thailand) Co., Ltd.  Thailand  Baht 5,000,000,000  74.9%  Manufacturing/  assembling of vehicles  TC Manufacturing and  Assembly  (Thailand) Co., Ltd.  Thailand  Baht 1,503,300,000  100%  Assembling of  vehicle parts  TC Subaru Sdn. Bhd.  Malaysia  MYR 3,000,000  100%  Distribution of motor  vehicle and provision  of workshop services  Ethoz Equip Capital Berhad  Malaysia  MYR 10,000,000  100%  Rental and leasing  of equipment  Motor Image Vietnam Co.,  Ltd.  Vietnam  VND 8,901,000,000  100%  Distribution of motor  vehicles  Zero Co., Ltd. ("Zero")  Japan  JPY 3,390,798,450  53.20%  Investment holding,  used-car trading and  provision of vehicle  transportation  and maintenance  services  Zero Plus Kanto Co., Ltd.  Japan  JPY 15,000,000  53.20%  Provision of vehicle  transportation  services  Kyuso Co., Ltd.  Japan  JPY 60,000,000  53.20%  Provision of cargo  logistics services  Japan Relief Co., Ltd.  Japan  JPY 83,124,775  53.20%  Provision of human  resources services  Zero Plus BHS Co., Ltd.  Japan  JPY 10,000,000  53.20%  Provision of vehicle  transportation  services  Zero Plus IKEDA Co., Ltd.  ("IKEDA")  Japan  JPY 10,000,000  53.20%  Provision of vehicle  transportation  services   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Registered under the laws of the PRC as a foreign investment enterprise

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 17 Interest in associates

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Share of net assets  81,890  896,967   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the associate are as follows:

| Name  Place of  incorporation  Percentage  of equity held  by the Group  Principal activities  Tyre Pacific (HK) Limited  Hong Kong  50%  Distribution of tyres   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  As at 31 December 2021, the Group held 50% equity interest in Ethoz Group. After the completion of the acquisition of the remaining equity interest of Ethoz Group on 1 July 2022 (see note 20(b)), Ethoz Group became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group.

As at 31 December 2020, the Group held 25% equity interest in Zero SCM. On 1 July 2021, the Group further acquired  a  40%  equity  interest  in  Zero  SCM  at  a  consideration  of  JPY521  million,  which  was  equivalent  to approximately $36,527,000 (the 'Step Acquisition') and the associate became a subsidiary of the Group (see note 20(c)).

The above associate is an unlisted corporate entity that quoted market price is not available and is accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.

Each individual associate does not have a significant impact on the Group's results of operations and financial position. Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material is as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates in the  consolidated financial statements  81,890  896,967  Aggregate amounts of the Group's share of those associates'  -  Profit from existing operations  11,241  69,331  -  Post-tax profit or loss from deemed disposal of associates  -  565  -  Other comprehensive income  (712)  14,127  -  Total comprehensive income  10,529  84,023   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 18 Investments designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Listed outside Hong Kong  1,411,977  1,639,819  Unlisted equity securities  3,016  3,178  1,414,993  1,642,997   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group designated its investments in equity securities at fair value through other comprehensive income under IFRS 9 as listed below.  This designation was chosen as the investments are held for strategic purposes.

| Fair value at  31 December  Dividend income  recognised  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Investments in Subaru Corporation (Note)  1,364,885  1,589,463  39,579  39,664  Others  50,108  53,534  6,131  1,499  1,414,993  1,642,997  45,710  41,163   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  Fair value loss of $224,578,000 (2021: $179,047,000) was recognised in other comprehensive income during the year ended 31 December 2022.

Subaru Corporation is mainly operating in two businesses, the Automotive business and the Aerospace business. In the area of Automotive, it is in the business of manufacture, repair and sales of passenger cars and their components. In the area of Aerospace, it is in the business of manufacture, repair and sales of airplanes, aerospacerelated machinery and their components. The number of shares and percentage held of this investment are 11,408,000 shares and 1.5% of Subaru Corporation's issued shares respectively. The investment cost is JPY7.5 billion.  This investment represents 6.2% of the Groups' total assets.

There were no transfers of any cumulative gain or loss within equity during the year.

## 19 Inventories

- (a) Inventories in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Raw materials  72,082  116,152  Work-in-progress  149,394  38,875  Spare parts and others  267,958  282,529  Finished goods  1,029,527  969,360  Goods in transit  54,447  43,519  1,573,408  1,450,435   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 19 Inventories (continued)

## (b) The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and included in profit or loss is as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Carrying amount of inventories sold  4,228,837  3,844,258  Reversal of provision for write-down of inventories  (22,995)  (34,635)  4,205,842  3,809,623   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The reversal of write-down of inventories made in prior years arose due to an increase in the estimated net realisable value of certain motor vehicles.

## 20 Business combination

## (a) Acquisition of IKEDA (formerly known as IKEDA Co., Ltd)

On 31 May 2022, Zero, a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a sale and purchase agreement with a third party (the 'IKEDA Vendor'), pursuant to which Zero agreed to purchase and IKEDA Vendor agreed to sell, 100% equity interest in IKEDA at a consideration of JPY1,000 million (equivalent to $61.4 million) settled in cash. The acquisition was completed on 31 May 2022. IKEDA was incorporated in Japan and is principally engaged in provision of driven vehicle transportation services.

Upon the completion of the acquisition, Zero holds 100% equity interests and obtains control of IKEDA.

The acquisition was made as part of the Group's strategy to expand the driven vehicle delivery business of Zero.

The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date were as follows:

| Note  31 May  2022  $'000  Current assets  25,625  Property, plant and equipment  13  68  Other non-current assets  867  Current liabilities  (12,693)  Fair value of net assets acquired  13,867  Goodwill on acquisition  15  47,553  Total consideration, satisfied in cash paid  61,420  Less: cash and cash equivalents acquired  (12,659)  Net cash outflow  48,761   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group incurred transaction  costs  of  approximately  Japanese  Yen  ('JPY')  12  million  (equivalent  to  $0.8 million) for this acquisition. These costs have been expensed and included in 'Administrative expenses' in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 20 Business combination (continued)

## (a) Acquisition of IKEDA (formerly known as IKEDA Co., Ltd)  (continued)

IKEDA  contributed  revenue  of  JPY705  million  (equivalent  to  $39.9  million)  and  profit  of  JPY112  million (equivalent to $6.3 million) to the Group for the period from 1 June 2022 to 31 December 2022. If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2022, the Group's revenue and profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 would have increased by JPY435 million (equivalent to $27.9 million) and JPY39 million (equivalent to $2.5 million) respectively.

At the end of the reporting period, the allocation of the cost of acquisition of the above businesses to identifiable assets  and  liabilities  is  pending  the  completion  of  appraisal  of  certain  intangible  assets  acquired,  which  is expected to be completed during the year ending 31 December 2023. Accordingly, the above goodwill arising on the acquisition is a provisional amount and may change upon the completion of the appraisal.

## (b) Step acquisition of Ethoz Group

On 29 June 2022, Tan Chong Investments Limited ('Tan Chong Investments'), a subsidiary of the Company, Ethoz Group, ORIX Corporation ('OC') and ORIX Leasing Singapore Limited ('OLS') entered into a definitive agreement, pursuant to which Ethoz Group agreed to repurchase 400,000 shares from OC at the consideration of Singapore Dollar ('SGD') 61 million (equivalent to $344.1 million) on the same day and repurchase 320,000 shares from OC at the consideration of SGD48.8 million (equivalent to $275.3 million) on 1 July 2022.  OC and OLS were then shareholders of Ethoz Group before 1 July 2022.

On 1 July 2022, Tan Chong Investments agreed to purchase and OC and OLS agreed to sell their respective remaining 80,000 shares and 200,000 shares of Ethoz Group at cash considerations of SGD12.2 million (equivalent to  $68.9  million)  and  SGD30.5  million  (equivalent  to  $172.0  million)  respectively  and  the  transaction  was completed on the same day.

Prior  to  the  above  transactions,  the  Group  owned  50%  equity  interests  in  Ethoz  Group.  After  completion of the above transactions, Ethoz Group becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. Ethoz Group was incorporated in Singapore and is principally engaged in provision of car rental services, automotive leasing and capital financing.

According to IFRS 3, a step acquisition is accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. Therefore, the initial equity investments are remeasured at fair value as at the acquisition date and any gain or loss arising from the acquisition is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.  The gain on deemed disposal of the initial equity investments in Ethoz Group is $97,288,000, which is recognised in the Group's consolidated statement of profit or loss (see note 4).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 20 Business combination (continued)

## (b) Step acquisition of Ethoz Group  (continued)

The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date were as follows:

| Note  1 July  2022  $'000  Investment properties  12  49,083  Property, plant and equipment  13  1,041,642  Loans and advances  4,027,296  Deferred tax assets  10(d)  16,508  Other non-current assets  2,607  Other current assets  923,124  Borrowings  24(b)  (4,158,053)  Lease liabilities  24(b)  (52,305)  Other current liabilities  (621,949)  Deferred tax liabilities  10(d)  (136,301)  Fair value of net assets acquired  1,091,652  Less: fair value of pre-existing equity interests in Ethoz Group  (860,367)  Goodwill on acquisition  15  9,618  Total consideration, satisfied in cash paid  240,903  Less: cash and cash equivalents acquired  (672,878)  Net cash inflow  (431,975)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The acquisition was made as part of the Group's strategy in expansion of car rental services, automotive leasing and capital financing markets in Singapore, China and Malaysia.

The goodwill of $9.6 million arising from the acquisition was attributable to the expertise and experience of Ethoz Group to jointly expand the Group's existing businesses in vehicle workshop servicing and repairs, motor vehicle  hire-purchase  financing,  IT  (Information  Technology)  consumer  financing,  office  equipment  leasing, passenger and commercial vehicle rentals.

The Group incurred transaction costs of approximately $13 million for this acquisition. These costs have been expensed and included in 'Administrative expenses' in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

Ethoz  Group  contributed  revenue  of  SGD66.0  million  (equivalent  to  $372.5  million)  and  profit  of  SGD29.4 million (equivalent to $166.0 million) to the Group for the period from 2 July 2022 to 31 December 2022. If the Acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2022, the Group's revenue and profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 would have increased by SGD59.0 million (equivalent to $339.0 million) and SGD5 million (equivalent to $28.3 million) (excluding the share of profit from 1 January 2022 to 1 July 2022) respectively.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 20 Business combination (continued)

## (c) Step acquisition of Zero SCM

On 1 July 2021, Zero, a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a sale and purchase agreement with a third party (the 'SCM Vendor'), pursuant to which Zero agreed to purchase and the SCM Vendor agreed to sell, 40% equity interest in Zero SCM at a consideration of JPY521 million (equivalent to $36.5 million). Zero SCM was incorporated in the PRC and is principally engaged in provision of transportation services.

The fair value of the Group's then 25% equity interests in Zero SCM immediate before the Step Acquisition (the 'Existing Shareholding') formed part of the total consideration of the Step Acquisition.

As at 1 July 2021, the fair value of the Existing Shareholding was estimated by management at JPY326 million (equivalent to $22.9 million). Compared with their respective carrying amounts before the Step Acquisition, a gain on bargain purchase of $98,000 on the deemed disposal of the respective interest was recognised in profit or loss.

Upon the completion of the Step Acquisition on 1 July 2021, Zero holds 65% equity interests and obtains control of Zero SCM.

The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date were as follows:

| Note  1 July  2021  $'000  Current assets  120,800  Property, plant and equipment  13  21,454  Other non-current assets  491  Current liabilities  (48,306)  Non-current liabilities  (2,875)  Fair value of net assets acquired  91,564  Less: fair value of Existing Shareholding  (22,892)  Less: fair value of non-controlling interest  (32,047)  Gain on bargain purchase arising from step acquisition  4  (98)  Total consideration, satisfied in cash paid  36,527  Less: cash and cash equivalents acquired  (80,837)  Net cash inflow  (44,310)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Zero SCM contributed revenue of JPY1,738 million (equivalent to $120 million) and loss of JPY3 million (equivalent to $0.2 million) to the Group for the period from 1 July 2021 to 31 December 2021. If the Step Acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2021, the Group's revenue and profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 would have increased by JPY1,865 million (equivalent to $131 million) and JPY12 million (equivalent to $0.9 million) (excluding the share of loss from 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021) respectively.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 21 Other creditors and accruals

At 31 December 2022, deferred revenue of performance in warranty services of $35,947,000 (2021: $38,892,000) is classified as contract liabilities.  When the Group receives a consideration before the warranty services are completed, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of a contract, until the revenue is recognised on these warranty services when the performance obligation has been fulfilled.

## Movements in contract liabilities

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Balance at 1 January  38,892  43,824  Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue from rendering  of services during the year that was included in the contract liabilities at the  beginning of the year  (22,239)  (36,523)  Increase in contract liabilities as a result of receiving consideration during the year  in respect of warranty services not completed as at 31 December  19,146  32,250  Exchange adjustments  148  (659)  Balance at 31 December  35,947  38,892   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amount of consideration received in advance of completion of warranty services expected to be recognised as income after more than one year is $14,548,000 (2021: $16,301,000).

## 22 Trade debtors

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Trade debtors  1,424,966  1,043,843  Less: Loss allowances  (58,939)  (62,265)  1,366,027  981,578   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All of the trade debtors are expected to be recovered within one year.

## Ageing analysis

As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade debtors, based on invoice date and net of loss allowances, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  0 - 30 days  828,084  719,702  31 - 90 days  404,790  231,772  Over 90 days  133,153  30,104  1,366,027  981,578   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group allows credit periods ranging from seven days to six months.  Further details on the Group's credit policy are set out in note 33(b).

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 22 Trade debtors (continued)

## Impairment of trade debtors

Impairment losses in respect of trade debtors are recorded using a loss allowance account unless the Group is satisfied that recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the impairment loss is written off against trade debtors directly (see note 1(x)(i)).

As at 31 December 2022, loss allowance has been made for trade debtors of $58,939,000 (2021: $62,265,000).  The movements in the loss allowance during the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  At 1 January  62,265  66,136  Exchange adjustments  (2,079)  (2,493)  Additions through step acquisition of Ethoz Group  711  -  Impairment losses reversed  (1,400)  (1,249)  Uncollectible amounts written off, net  (558)  (129)  At 31 December  58,939  62,265   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23 Loans and advances

| 2022  Loan receivables  Finance lease  receivables  Hire purchase  debtors and  instalments  receivable  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Balance due  - within one year  1,955,746  814,513  200,975  2,971,234  - between one and five years  952,679  1,115,055  128,187  2,195,921  - after more than five years  -  2,415  3,358  5,773  2,908,425  1,931,983  332,520  5,172,928  Unearned interest charges  (279,324)  (255,131)  (21,338)  (555,793)  2,629,101  1,676,852  311,182  4,617,135  Less: Loss allowance  (22,724)  (42,357)  (11,303)  (76,384)  2,606,377  1,634,495  299,879  4,540,751  Balance due  - within one year  1,791,414  661,604  185,574  2,638,592  - between one year and five years  814,963  970,595  111,196  1,896,754  - after more than five years  -  2,296  3,109  5,405  814,963  972,891  114,305  1,902,159  2,606,377  1,634,495  299,879  4,540,751   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 23 Loans and advances (continued)

| 2021  Loan receivables  Finance lease  receivables  Hire purchase  debtors and  instalments  receivable  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Balance due  - within one year  -  -  89,230  89,230  - between one and five years  -  -  115,881  115,881  - after more than five years  -  -  5,949  5,949  211,060  211,060  Unearned interest charges  -  -  (17,124)  (17,124)  -  -  193,936  193,936  Less: Loss allowance  -  -  (12,470)  (12,470)  -  -  181,466  181,466  Balance due  - within one year  -  -  78,897  78,897  - between one year and five years  -  -  96,999  96,999  - after more than five years  -  -  5,570  5,570  -  -  102,569  102,569  -  -  181,466  181,466   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment of loans and advances

Impairment losses in respect of loan receivables, finance lease receivables and hire purchase debtors and instalments receivable are recorded using a loss allowance account unless the Group is satisfied that recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the impairment loss is written off against loan receivables, finance lease receivables and hire purchase debtors directly (see note 1(x)(i)).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 23 Loans and advances (continued)

## Impairment of loans and advances (continued)

As at 31 December 2022, loss allowance has been made for loan receivables, finance lease receivables and hire purchase debtors and instalments receivable of $76,384,000 (2021: $12,470,000). The movements in the loss allowance during the year are as follows:

| 2022  Loan receivables  Finance lease  receivables  Hire purchase  debtors and  instalments  receivable  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  At 1 January  -  -  12,470  12,470  Exchange adjustments  671  (168)  (189)  314  Additions through step acquisition of  Ethoz Group  26,056  47,126  2,208  75,390  Impairment losses (reversed)/recognised  (2,179)  15,768  (2,299)  11,290  Uncollectible amounts written off  (1,824)  (20,369)  (887)  (23,080)  At 31 December  22,724  42,357  11,303  76,384  2021  Loan receivables  Finance lease  receivables  Hire purchase  debtors and  instalments  receivable  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  At 1 January  -  -  14,676  14,676  Exchange adjustments  -  -  (869)  (869)  Impairment losses reversed  -  -  (1,337)  (1,337)  At 31 December  -  -  12,470  12,470   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 24 Cash and bank balances

## (a) Cash and bank balances comprise:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Bank deposits  1,092,106  510,184  Cash at bank  1,493,330  1,965,035  Cash in hand  1,573  554  Cash and bank balances in the consolidated statement of  financial position  2,587,009  2,475,773  Less: Bank deposits with more than three months  to maturity when placed  (25,221)  (14,687)  Unsecured bank overdrafts (note 25)  (244,302)  (144,950)  Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated cash flow statement  2,317,486  2,316,136   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's effective interest rate for bank deposits ranged from 0.25% to 5.26% (2021: 0.10% to 2.59%) per annum. The terms of such deposits placed range from one day to six months.

Bank overdrafts bear interest at rates ranging from 0.21% to 0.58% (2021: 0.21% to 0.58%) per annum.

## (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

The table below details changes in the Group's liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and noncash changes.  Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group's consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from financing activities.

| Borrowings  Lease  liabilities  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  (Note 25)  (Note 26)  At 1 January 2022  2,065,136  748,034  2,813,170  Changes from financing cash flows:  Proceeds from new bank loans  2,323,147  -  2,323,147  Repayment of borrowings  (2,510,330)  -  (2,510,330)  Capital element of lease rentals paid  -  (246,278)  (246,278)  Interest element of lease rentals paid  -  (13,632)  (13,632)  Total changes from financing cash flows  (187,183)  (259,910)  (447,093)  Exchange adjustments  89,925  (50,198)  39,727  Other changes:  Additions through step acquisition of Ethoz Group (note 20(b))  4,158,053  52,305  4,210,358  Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new leases during  the year  -  236,064  236,064  Interest expenses on lease liabilities (note 6)  -  13,632  13,632  Decrease in lease liabilities during the year  -  (37,276)  (37,276)  COVID-19-related rent concessions received (note 13(b))  -  (381)  (381)  Total other changes  4,158,053  264,344  4,422,397  At 31 December 2022  6,125,931  702,270  6,828,201   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 24 Cash and bank balances (continued)

## (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (continued)

The table below details changes in the Group's liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and noncash changes.  Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group's consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from financing activities. (continued)

| Borrowings  Lease  liabilities  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  (Note 25)  (Note 26)  At 1 January 2021  2,667,138  749,486  3,416,624  Changes from financing cash flows:  Proceeds from new bank loans  963,770  -  963,770  Repayment of borrowings  (1,452,655)  -  (1,452,655)  Capital element of lease rentals paid  -  (349,193)  (349,193)  Interest element of lease rentals paid  -  (17,752)  (17,752)  Total changes from financing cash flows  (488,885)  (366,945)  (855,830)  Exchange adjustments  (113,117)  (46,199)  (159,316)  Other changes:  Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new leases during  the year  -  435,044  435,044  Interest expenses on lease liabilities (note 6)  -  17,752  17,752  Decrease in lease liabilities during the year  -  (39,861)  (39,861)  COVID-19-related rent concessions received (note 13(b))  -  (1,243)  (1,243)  Total other changes  -  411,692  411,692  At 31 December 2021  2,065,136  748,034  2,813,170   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Total cash outflow for leases

Amounts included in the cash flow statement for leases comprise the following:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Within operating cash flows  8,906  15,961  Within investing cash flows  61,424  8,967  Within financing cash flows  259,910  366,945  330,240  391,873   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 24 Cash and bank balances (continued)

## (c) Total cash outflow for leases (continued)

These amounts relate to the following:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Lease rentals paid  268,816  382,906  Purchase of leasehold property  61,424  8,967  330,240  391,873   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25 Borrowings and bank overdrafts

At 31 December 2022, the borrowings and bank overdrafts were payable as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Within one year  - bank overdrafts (note 24(a))  244,302  144,950  - bank loans  4,019,857  996,151  - amount due to Enterprise Singapore (note)  225,074  -  4,244,931  996,151  4,489,233  1,141,101  After one year but within two years  - bank loans  1,576,104  834,672  - amount due to Enterprise Singapore (note)  85,293  -  1,661,397  834,672  After two years but within five years  - bank loans  185,931  234,313  - amount due to Enterprise Singapore (note)  33,672  -  219,603  234,313  1,881,000  1,068,985  6,370,233  2,210,086   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 25 Borrowings and bank overdrafts (continued)

At 31 December 2022, the borrowings and bank overdrafts were secured as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Unsecured bank overdrafts  244,302  144,950  Borrowings  - Secured  443  9,335  - Unsecured  5,781,449  2,055,801  5,781,892  2,065,136  Amount due to Enterprise Singapore (note)  - Unsecured  344,039  -  6,370,233  2,210,086   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:    Amount due to Enterprise Singapore represents unsecured advances under the Enterprise Finance Scheme ('EFS') and Local Enterprise Finance Scheme ('LEFS') to finance EFS and LEFS borrowers respectively. The interest rates and repayment periods vary in accordance with the type, purpose and security of the facilities granted under the scheme.

At 31 December 2022, the above borrowings bear interest at floating rates ranging from 0.34% to 5.90% (2021: 0.35% to 4.61%) per annum.

At 31 December 2022, certain property, plant and equipment of the Group with carrying values of $36,547,000 (2021: $42,816,000) have been pledged to banks to secure borrowings totalling $443,000 (2021: $9,335,000) granted to the Group.

At 31 December 2022, a subsidiary of the Group has bank borrowing amounting to THB3,368,000,000 (equivalent to $760,630,000) (2021: THB3,448,000,000 (equivalent to $807,911,000)) with the following financial covenants applied to the subsidiary:

- (i) the registered capital of a subsidiary shall not be less than THB525,700,000 (equivalent to $118,724,000) (2021: THB525,700,000 (equivalent to $123,172,000));
- (ii) the tangible net worth of certain subsidiaries shall not at any time be less than SGD100,000,000 (equivalent to $580,552,000) (2021: SGD100,000,000 (equivalent to $577,370,000)).

At 31 December 2022, other subsidiaries of the Group have bank borrowing amounting to SGD542,913,000 (equivalent to  $3,151,890,000)  and  are  subject  to  the  fulfilment  of  covenants  relating  to  certain  of  the  subsidiaries'  financial position ratios, as are commonly found in lending arrangements with financial institutions.

If the relevant subsidiaries were to breach the covenants, the outstanding bank borrowings would become payable on demand. As at 31 December 2022, none of the covenants relating to those bank borrowings had been breached (2021: $Nil).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 26 Lease liabilities

At 31 December 2022, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Within 1 year  235,392  244,258  After 1 year but within 2 years  164,695  223,054  After 2 years but within 5 years  151,400  205,617  After 5 years  150,783  75,105  466,878  503,776  702,270  748,034   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27 Employee retirement benefits

## (a) Defined benefit retirement plans

The Group, through Zero makes contributions to defined benefit retirement plans registered in Japan, which cover 85% (2021: 82%) of Zero's employees. The plans are administered by trustees, the majority of which are independent, with their assets held separately from those of the Group. The trustees are required by the Trust Deed to act in the best interest of the plan participants and are responsible for setting investment policies of the plans.

Under the plans, a retired employee is entitled to a lump sum payment and annual pension payment based on their years of service and positions.

The  plans are funded  by  contributions from  the Group  in accordance  with  independent  actuaries' recommendations based on annual actuarial valuations. The latest independent actuarial valuations of the plans were at 30 June 2022 and were prepared by qualified staff of Mizuho Trust &amp; Banking Co., Ltd and Daiichi Life Insurance Company. The actuarial valuations indicated that the Group's obligations under these defined benefit retirement plans were 81% (2021: 82%) covered by the plan assets held by the trustees.

The plans  expose  the  Group  to  actuarial  risks,  such  as  interest  rate  risk,  investment  risk  and  longevity  risk. Information about the plans is aggregated and disclosed below:

## (i) The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Present value of defined benefit obligations  (304,311)  (350,776)  Fair value of plan assets  247,734  287,263  (56,577)  (63,513)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A portion of the above liability is expected to be settled after more than one year.  However, it is not practicable to segregate this amount from the amounts payable in the next twelve months, as future contributions will also relate to future services rendered and future changes in actuarial assumptions and  market  conditions.  The  Group  expects  to  pay  approximately  $15,856,000  (2021:  $18,479,000)  in contributions to defined benefit retirement plans in 2022.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 27 Employee retirement benefits (continued)

## (a) Defined benefit retirement plans (continued)

- (ii) Plan assets consist of the following:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Equity securities  60,125  67,835  Government bonds  69,530  101,833  Others  118,079  117,595  247,734  287,263   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All of the equity securities and government bonds have quoted prices in active markets. The government bonds have a credit rating of A.

At the end of each reporting period, an Asset-Liability Matching study is performed by the trustees to analyse the outcome of the strategic investment policies. The investment portfolio targets a mix of 5% - 65% (2021: 5% - 65%) in equity securities across a range of industries, 5% - 70% (2021: 5% - 70%) in government bonds and remaining in other investments. Interest rate risk is managed with the objective of reducing the risk by investing in government bonds.

## (iii) Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  At 1 January  350,776  386,637  Benefits paid by the plans  (14,787)  (17,023)  Current service cost  18,914  22,177  Interest cost  1,540  1,564  Remeasurement of present value  (6,972)  11,453  Exchange adjustments  (45,160)  (54,032)  At 31 December  304,311  350,776   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 9.3 years (2021: 9.6 years).

## (iv) Movements in plan assets

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  At 1 January  287,263  310,059  Group's contributions paid to the plan  15,781  20,600  Benefits paid by the plans  (9,541)  (10,889)  Interest income  1,907  1,102  Return on plan assets, excluding interest income  (16,713)  12,769  Exchange adjustments  (30,963)  (46,378)  At 31 December  247,734  287,263   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 27 Employee retirement benefits (continued)

- (a) Defined benefit retirement plans (continued)
- (v) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income are as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Current service cost  18,914  22,177  Net interest on net defined benefit liability  (367)  462  Total amounts recognised in profit or loss  18,547  22,639  Return on plan assets, excluding interest income  (after tax adjustment)  11,457  (8,870)  Remeasurement of present value of the defined benefit  obligation (after tax adjustment)  (4,914)  7,939  Total amounts recognised in other comprehensive income  6,543  (931)  Total defined benefit costs  25,090  21,708   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The current service cost and the net interest on net defined benefit liability are recognised in the following line items in the consolidated statement of profit or loss:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Cost of sales  6,898  7,580  Administrative expenses  11,649  15,059  18,547  22,639   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (vi) Significant actuarial assumption (expressed as weighted averages) and sensitivity analysis are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Discount rate  0.57%  0.33%   |
|-------------------------------------------|

The below analysis shows how the defined benefit obligation would have (decreased)/increased as a result of 0.5 percent point change in the significant actuarial assumption:

| Increase by 0.5 percent point  Decrease by 0.5 percent point  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Discount rate  (13,735)  (16,173)  13,735  16,173   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 27 Employee retirement benefits (continued)

## (b) Defined contribution retirement plans

The Group operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme ('the MPF scheme') under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for employees employed under the jurisdiction of the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance and not previously covered by the defined benefit retirement plan. The MPF scheme is a defined contribution retirement plan administered by independent trustees. Under the MPF scheme, the employer and its employees are each required to make contributions to the plan at 5% of the employees' relevant income, subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of $30,000. Contributions to the plan vest immediately.

In addition, the Group also operates certain defined contribution retirement plans in accordance with applicable requirements and laws of the countries in which the Group has operations.

## 28 Trade creditors

As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade creditors, based on the invoice date, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  0 - 30 days  742,272  563,933  31 - 90 days  198,132  113,943  91 - 180 days  39,295  32,364  Over 180 days  89,108  178,935  1,068,807  889,175   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29 Amounts due from/to related companies

The amounts due from/to related companies are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable/repayable on demand.

## 30 Provisions

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Provisions for warranties  77,911  74,098  Current  17,725  24,547  Non-current  60,186  49,551  77,911  74,098  Provisions for warranties  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  At 1 January  74,098  83,460  Provision made (note 7)  33,102  8,840  Provisions utilised  (25,266)  (15,451)  Exchange adjustment  (4,023)  (2,751)  At 31 December  77,911  74,098   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Provisions for warranties relate mainly to motor vehicles sold and are calculated based on estimates made with reference to historical warranty claim experience associated with similar products.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 31 Capital, reserves and dividends

## (a) The Group

The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group's consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

## (i) Share premium

The application of the share premium account is governed by sections 150 and 157 of the Company's ByeLaws and Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda.

## (ii) Capital reserve

The capital reserve mainly comprises a revaluation surplus arising on revaluation of land and buildings, other than investment properties, in 1984 and shares repurchased for stock compensation program of the subsidiary.

## (iii) Stock compensation reserve

The stock compensation reserve comprises the fair value of points granted in the stock compensation program to employees.

## (iv) Translation reserve

The  translation  reserve  comprises  foreign  exchange  differences  arising  from  the  translation  of  the financial statements of subsidiaries and associates outside Hong Kong.

## (v) Fair value reserve (non-recycling)

The fair value reserve (non-recycling) comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity investments designated at FVOCI under IFRS 9 that are held at the end of the reporting period (see note 1(l)).

## (vi) Property revaluation reserve

The property revaluation reserve comprises the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the properties at the date of change in use.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, property revaluation reserve of $331,167,000 (2021: $Nil) was transferred to retained profits upon the disposal of relevant investment properties.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 31 Capital, reserves and dividends (continued)

## (b) The Company

- (i) Details of the changes in the Company's individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the reporting period are set out below:

| Share  capital  Share  premium  Contributed  surplus  Retained  profits  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Balance at 1 January 2021  1,006,655  550,547  623,313  170,914  2,351,429  Changes in equity in 2021:  Total comprehensive income for the  year  -  -  -  91,394  91,394  Dividends to equity  shareholders  -  -  -  (90,599)  (90,599)  Balance at 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  1,006,655  550,547  623,313  171,709  2,352,224  Changes in equity in 2022:  Total comprehensive income for the  year  -  -  -  151,756  151,756  Dividends to equity  shareholders  -  -  -  (150,998)  (150,998)  Balance at 31 December 2022  1,006,655  550,547  623,313  172,467  2,352,982   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (ii) Contributed surplus

The excess of the value of the consolidated net assets represented by the shares acquired over the nominal value of the shares issued by the Company in exchange was credited to the contributed surplus.  Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, the contributed surplus is available for distribution to shareholders, except if there are reasonable grounds for believing that:

- (a) the Company is, or would after the payment, be unable to pay its liabilities as they become due; or
- (b) the  realisable  value  of  the  Company's  assets  would  thereby  be  less  than  the  aggregate  of  its liabilities and its issued share capital and share premium account.

The Company's reserves available for distribution to equity shareholders at 31 December 2022 are as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Contributed surplus  623,313  623,313  Retained profits  172,467  171,709  795,780  795,022   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 31 Capital, reserves and dividends (continued)

## (c) Dividends

- (i) Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Interim dividend paid of HK2.5 cents per ordinary share (2021: HK1.5  cents per ordinary share)  50,333  30,200  Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period  of HK7.5 cents per ordinary share (2021: HK5.0 cents per  ordinary share)  150,998  100,665  201,331  130,865   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period.

- (ii) Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial year, approved and paid during the year

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved  and paid during the year, of HK5.0 cents per ordinary share (2021:  HK3.0 cents per ordinary share)  100,665  60,399   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Share capital

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Authorised:  3,000,000,000 ordinary shares of $0.50 each  1,500,000  1,500,000  Issued and fully paid:  2,013,309,000 ordinary shares of $0.50 each, at beginning and end  of the year  1,006,655  1,006,655   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company.  All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company's residual assets.

## (e) Capital management

The Group's primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable cost.

The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital, being consolidated total equity, to maintain a balance between the higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions.

The Group monitors capital with reference to its debt position. The Group's strategy is to maintain the equity and debt in a balanced position and ensure there was adequate working capital to service its debt obligations. The Group's gearing ratio, being the Group's total debt, which includes borrowings and lease liabilities, over its total equity, was 57% (2021: 23%) at 31 December 2022.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 32 Share based transactions

## (a) Share based transactions - 2015 Program

The Group has a stock compensation program (the '2015 Program') which was adopted on 26 November 2015. The 2015 Program is operated through a trustee which is independent of the Group.  This is a performancebased scheme whereby on 18 December 2015, shares of a listed subsidiary are acquired by the trustee using funds contributed by the subsidiary. The shares are distributed by the trustee in accordance with the Rules on Distributions of Board Benefits of the subsidiary based on points given to each of the entitled directors and executive  officers  of  the  subsidiaries  in  view  of  their  positions,  performance  and  length  of  services;  and  to each of the entitled corporate auditors in view of their length of services only. Incidentally, the shares of the subsidiary shall be distributed to the entitled employees as a general rule when they leave their positions. Each point granted can be converted into one share of the subsidiary at distribution. No vesting condition is required after the points are granted.

The maximum number of points which may be awarded to selected participants under the 2015 Program shall not exceed 500,000. The trust fund shall not have a definite expiration date and continue as long as the 2015 Program exists. Maximum amount of money to be contributed by the subsidiary is JPY500,000,000 (equivalent to $29,891,000) and further contribution to the trust fund is subject to approval by the board of the subsidiary.

The first grant date is 26 November 2015, in the years after, point is granted to the eligible recipient annually on 1 July.  However, if the eligible recipient retires during the fiscal year, the point will be granted on the date of retirement in proportion.

A total of 6,000 (2021: 49,200) points were granted to selected participants during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## (i) The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

| Number of  points  Points granted to employees:  On 26 November 2015  71,420  On 1 July 2016  60,000  On 1 July 2017  57,500  On 1 July 2018  63,000  On 1 July 2019  81,200  On 1 July 2020  81,200  On 1 July 2021  49,200  On 1 July 2022  6,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 32 Share based transactions (continued)

## (a) Share based transactions - 2015 Program (continued)

## (ii) The movements of number of points granted are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Number  of points  Number  of points  Outstanding at the beginning of the year  289,200  284,700  Forfeited during the year  (16,200)  (21,200)  Exercised during the year  (3,000)  (23,500)  Granted during the year  6,000  49,200  Outstanding at the end of the year  276,000  289,200  Exercisable at the end of the year  276,000  289,200   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (iii) Fair value of points and assumptions

The fair value of services received in return for points granted is measured by reference to the fair value of points granted.  The estimate of the fair value of the points granted is measured based on the BlackScholes model.

| 1 July 2022  1 July 2021  Fair value of points and assumptions  Fair value at measurement date  JPY1,020  JPY1,088  Share price  JPY1,054  JPY1,273  Expected volatility (expressed as weighted average volatility used in  the modelling under Black-Scholes model)  24.9%  32.7%  Expected option life (expressed as weighted average life used in the  modelling under Black-Scholes model)  1.0 year  4.6 years  Expected dividends  3.3%  3.4%  Risk-free interest rate (based on the yield of Japanese government  bonds)  -0.1%  -0.1%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The expected volatility is based on the historic volatility (calculated based on the historical daily stock price of the period corresponding to the expected remaining period), adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility based on publicly available information. Changes in the subjective input assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.

The closing prices of the subsidiary's shares immediately before the grant of the points on 1 July 2021 and 1 July 2022 were JPY1,273 (equivalent to $86) and JPY1,054 (equivalent to $62) per share respectively.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  recognised  a  net  expense  of  $697,000  (2021: $2,899,000) as equity settled share based payments in relation to the 2015 Program.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 32 Share based transactions (continued)

## (b) Share based transactions - 2022 Program

The Group has a stock compensation program which was adopted on 1 October 2022 (the '2022 program'). The 2022 Program is operated through a trustee which is independent of the Group. This is a performancebased scheme whereby on 12 December 2022, shares of a listed subsidiary are acquired by the trustee using funds contributed by the subsidiary. The shares are distributed by the trustee in accordance with the Rules on Distributions of Board Benefits of the subsidiary based on points given to each of the entitled directors and executive officers of the subsidiaries in view of their positions, with restriction of transfer. Incidentally, the shares of the subsidiary shall be distributed to the entitled recipients as a general rule when they leave their positions. For directors, 75% of the points granted can be converted into shares (one point per one share) and 25% of the points can be converted into cash based on prevailing market rate. For employees other than directors, each point granted can be converted into one share of the subsidiary at distribution. Transfer of points is restricted until the eligible recipient is retired.

The maximum number of points which may be awarded to selected participants under the 2022 Program shall not exceed 252,000 (84,000 per each fiscal year). The trust fund shall not have a definite expiration date and continue as long as the 2022 Program exists. Maximum amount of money to be contributed by the subsidiary is JPY292,824,000 (equivalent to $17,506,000) and further contribution to the trust fund is subject to approval by the board of the subsidiary.

The first grant date is 1 October 2022, in the years after, point is granted to the eligible recipient annually on 1 October.  However, if the eligible recipient retires within 6 months of the benefit date, no share will be granted, in otherwise, the points will be granted on the date of retirement in proportion if they retire later than 6 months of the benefit date.

A total of 35,000 points for equity-settled portion and 8,500 points for cash-settled portion were granted to selected participants during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## (i) The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

| 2022  Equity-settled  portion  Cash-settled  portion  Number  of points  Number  of points  ## On 1 October 2022  35,000  8,500   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (ii) The movements of number of points and cash granted are as follows:

| 2022  Equity-settled  portion  Cash-settled  portion  Number  of points  Number  of points  Outstanding at the beginning of the year  -  -  Exercised during the year  (35,000)  -  Granted during the year  35,000  8,500  Outstanding at the end of the year  -  8,500  Exercisable at the end of the year  -  8,500   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 32 Share based transactions (continued)

## (b) Share based transactions - 2022 Program (continued)

## (iii) Fair value of points and assumptions

The fair value of services received in return for points granted is measured by reference to the fair value of points granted. The estimate of the fair value of the points granted is measured based on the BlackScholes model.

| 1 October 2022  ## Fair value of points and assumptions  Fair value at measurement date  JPY934  Share price  JPY1,052  Expected volatility (expressed as weighted average volatility used in the modelling  under Black-Scholes model)  28.7%  Expected option life (expressed as weighted average life used in the modelling under  Black-Scholes model)  3.6 years  Expected dividends  3.3%  Risk-free interest rate (based on the yield of Japanese government bonds)  0.02%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The expected volatility is based on the historic volatility (calculated based on the historical daily stock price of the period corresponding to the expected remaining period), adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility based on publicly available information. Changes in the subjective input assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.

The closing prices of the subsidiary's shares immediately before the grant of the points on 1 October 2022 were JPY1,052 (equivalent to $62) per share respectively.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recognised a net expense of $493,000 (2021: $Nil) for the equity settled share based payment and $121,000 (2021: $Nil) was recorded for the cash settled share based payments in relation to the 2022 Program.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 33 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments

Exposure to interest rate, credit, currency and liquidity risks arises in the normal course of the Group's business. The Group is also exposed to equity price risk arising from its equity investments in other entities.

The Group's exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to manage these risks are described below.

## (a) Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates.

The Group's interest rate risk arises primarily from borrowings. Borrowings with variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk.

## Sensitivity analysis

At 31 December 2022, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates, with all other variables held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group's profit after taxation and retained profits by approximately $52,639,000 (2021: $17,851,000).

The sensitivity analysis above has been determined assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period. The analysis is performed on the same basis as 2021.

## (b) Credit risk

Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial loss to the Group.

The  Group's  credit  risk  is  primarily  attributable  to  trade  and  other  debtors,  loan  receivables,  finance  lease receivables and hire purchase debtors and instalments receivable. The Group's exposure to credit risk arising from cash and bank balances is limited because the counterparties are banks and financial institutions with a high credit rating, for which the directors of the Company consider to have low credit risk.

The Group does not provide any guarantees which would expose the Group or the Company to credit risk.

## Trade debtors

The Group's exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer and also by the country in which the customers operate and therefore significant concentrations of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure to individual customers.

Individual  credit  evaluations  are  performed  on  all  customers  requiring  credit  over  a  certain  amount.  These evaluations focus on the customer's past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade receivables are due within seven days to six months from the date of billing. The Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

The Group measures loss allowances for trade debtors at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix.  As the Group's historical credit loss experience does not indicate significantly different loss  patterns  for  different  customer  segments,  the  loss  allowance  based  on  past  due  status  is  not  further distinguished between the Group's different customer bases.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 33 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

## (b) Credit risk (continued)

## Trade debtors (continued)

The following table provides information about the Group's exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade debtors as at 31 December 2022:

| 2022  Expected loss  rate  Gross carrying  amount  Loss allowance  Net carrying  amount  %  $'000  $'000  $'000  Current (not past due)  0.26%  1,123,584  2,977  1,120,607  1 - 30 days past due  0.72%  84,382  610  83,772  31 - 90 days past due  1.52%  30,079  456  29,623  More than 90 days past due  29.37%  186,921  54,896  132,025  1,424,966  58,939  1,366,027   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  Expected loss  rate  Gross carrying  amount  Loss allowance  Net carrying  amount  %  $'000  $'000  $'000  Current (not past due)  0.25%  850,379  2,113  848,266  1 - 30 days past due  0.39%  86,954  337  86,617  31 - 90 days past due  2.28%  29,853  681  29,172  More than 90 days past due  77.14%  76,657  59,134  17,523  1,043,843  62,265  981,578   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Expected loss rates are based on historical default rates over the expected life of the receivables and is adjusted for  forward-looking estimates. These rates are adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group's view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 33 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

## (b) Credit risk (continued)

## Loans and advances

The Group allocates each exposure to a credit risk grade based on data that is determined to be predictive of the risk of loss (including but not limited to external ratings, audited financial statements, management accounts, cash flow projections and available press information about customers) and applying experienced credit judgement. Credit risk grades are defined using qualitative and quantitative factors that are indicative of the risk of default.

Exposures within each credit risk grade are segmented by type of counterparty and an ECL rate is calculated for each segment based on delinquency status and actual credit loss experience.

The exposure to credit risk for loans and advances as at 31 December 2022 by type of counterparty was:

| Carrying amount  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Multinational corporation  377,361  -  Small medium enterprise  3,573,238  181,466  Sole proprietor/Limited partnership  547,655  -  Non-profit organisation and statutory related  42,497  -  4,540,751  181,466   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and ECLs for loan and advances for customers under general approach:

| Expected  loss rate  Gross carrying  amount  Impairment loss  allowance  Credit impaired  %  $'000  $'000  31 December 2022 Multinational corporation Small medium enterprise Sole proprietor/Limited partnership Non-profit organisation and statutory related  1.77%  384,174  (6,813)  No  1.75%  3,636,718  (63,480)  No  1.10%  553,734  (6,079)  No  0.03%  42,509  (12)  No  4,617,135  (76,384)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 33 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

## (b) Credit risk (continued)

Loans and advances (continued)

| Expected  loss rate  Gross carrying  amount  Impairment loss  allowance  Credit impaired  %  $'000  $'000  31 December 2021  Multinational corporation  0.00%  -  -  No  Small medium enterprise  6.43%  193,936  (12,470)  No  Sole proprietor/Limited partnership  0.00%  -  -  No  Non-profit organisation and  statutory related  0.00%  -  -  No  193,936  (12,470)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Collaterals

The main types of collaterals obtained by loans and advances to mitigate credit risk are as follows:

- -For property - charge over properties;
- -For equipment - charge over equipment; and
- -For Enterprise Singapore - government risk-sharing ratio

As at 31 December 2022, based on the secured financing, the fair values of collaterals for which they are entitled to sell or pledge in the event of default is as follows:

| Fair value  $'000  Type of collateral  Properties  2,440,739  Equipment  92,837  Enterprise Singapore  272,282  2,805,858   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair values of collaterals exclude the effect of over-collateralisation.

No  loss  allowance  was  made  for  other  debtors,  deposits  and  prepayments  since  the  Group  considers  the probability of default is minimal after assessing the counter-parties' financial background and creditability.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 33 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

## (c) Currency risk

The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through investments, bank borrowings and other monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which they relate, which is the SGD, JPY, United States Dollar ('USD') and Renminbi ('RMB').

The following tables detail the Group's exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk arising from recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate.  For presentation purpose, the amounts of the exposure are shown in Hong Kong Dollars. Differences resulting from the translation of the financial statements of subsidiaries and associates outside Hong Kong into the Group's presentation currency are excluded.

| Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in Hong Kong dollars)  2022  2021  SGD  JPY  USD  RMB  SGD  JPY  USD  RMB  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Investments  designated as at fair  value through other  comprehensive  income  -  1,367,508  -  -  -  1,591,576  -  -  Trade debtors  -  30,637  673  18,630  12  33,077  673  -  Cash and cash  equivalents  174  223,833  17,338  458,528  160  386,163  27,578  399,742  Trade creditors  -  (182,535)  (2,145)  (25,093)  -  (68,574)  (106)  -  Other debtors  -  -  -  5,356  -  -  -  4  Other creditors  (128)  (6,181)  (139)  (9,050)  (10)  (11,796)  (97)  -  Borrowings  (224,673)  (32,482)  (27,290)  -  -  (20,018)  (56,925)  -  (224,627)  1,400,780  (11,563)  448,371  162  1,910,428  (28,877)  399,746   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's operating subsidiaries regularly monitor their foreign exchange exposure and may hedge their position depending on the size of the exposure and the future outlook of the particular currency unit.  There were no material forward exchange contracts outstanding as at 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 33 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

## (c) Currency risk (continued)

## Sensitivity analysis

The following table indicates the instantaneous change on the Group's profit after tax and retained profits that would arise if foreign exchange rates to which the Group has significant exposure at the end of the reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables remained constant.

| 2022  2021  Increase/  (decrease)  in foreign  exchange rates  Effect on profit  after tax and  retained profits  Increase/  (decrease)  in foreign  exchange rates  Effect on profit  after tax and  retained profits  $'000  $'000  JPY  10%  117,153  10%  159,482  (10)%  (117,153)  (10)%  (159,482)  USD  10%  (769)  10%  (2,072)  (10)%  769  (10)%  2,072  RMB  10%  42,591  10%  39,950  (10)%  (42,591)  (10)%  (39,950)  SGD  10%  (18,756)  10%  13  (10)%  18,756  (10)%  (13)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the instantaneous effects on each of the group entities' profit after tax and equity measured in the respective functional currencies, translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rate ruling at the end of the reporting period for presentation purposes.

The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to currency risk at the end of the reporting period.  The analysis excludes differences that would result from the translation of the financial statements of subsidiaries and associates outside Hong Kong into the Group's presentation currency.  The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2021.

## (d) Liquidity management

The treasury function of the Group is arranged centrally to cover expected cash demands.  The Group's policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending covenants, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 33 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

## (d) Liquidity management (continued)

The following tables detail the remaining contractual maturities of the Group's financial liabilities at the end of the reporting period, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

## 2022

| Contractual undiscounted cash outflow  Within  1 year or  on demand  More than  1 year but  less than  2 years  More than  2 years but  less than  5 years  Over  5 years  Total  Carrying  amount at  31 December  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Bank overdrafts  244,302  -  -  -  244,302  244,302  Borrowings  4,513,337  1,743,019  229,254  -  6,485,610  6,125,931  Trade creditors  1,068,807  -  -  -  1,068,807  1,068,807  Other creditors and accruals  1,408,670  -  -  -  1,408,670  1,408,670  Amounts due to  related companies  6,508  -  -  -  6,508  6,508  Lease liabilities  247,332  174,868  171,388  203,820  797,408  702,270  7,488,956  1,917,887  400,642  203,820  10,011,305  9,556,488   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2021

| Contractual undiscounted cash outflow  Within  1 year or  on demand  More than  1 year but  less than  2 years  More than  2 years but  less than  5 years  Over  5 years  Total  Carrying  amount at  31 December  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Bank overdrafts  144,950  -  -  -  144,950  144,950  Borrowings  1,038,293  862,536  239,826  -  2,140,655  2,065,136  Trade creditors  889,175  -  -  -  889,175  889,175  Other creditors and accruals  1,040,588  -  -  -  1,040,588  1,040,588  Amounts due to  related companies  11,088  -  -  -  11,088  11,088  Lease liabilities  254,588  231,532  220,017  81,313  787,450  748,034  3,378,682  1,094,068  459,843  81,313  5,013,906  4,898,971   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 33 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

## (e) Equity price risk

The  Group  is  exposed  to  equity  price  changes  arising  from  equity  investments  classified  as  financial  assets designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income (see note 18).

Listed investments held as financial assets designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income have been chosen based on their longer term growth potential and are monitored regularly for performance against expectations.

The Group's unquoted investments are all held for strategic purposes. Their performance is assessed at regular time interval, where applicable, against performance of similar entities, together with an assessment of their relevance to the Group's strategic plans.

At 31 December 2022, it is estimated that an increase/(decrease) of 20% (2021: 20%) in the relevant stock price, with all other variables held constant, would have increased/decreased the Group's fair value reserve as follows:

| 2022  2021  Effect on fair  value reserve  Effect on fair  value reserve  $'000  $'000  Change in the relevant equity price risk  variable:  Increase  20%  282,395  20%  327,964  Decrease  (20)%  (282,395)  (20)%  (327,964)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The sensitivity analysis has been determined assuming that the changes in the stock prices had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to the exposure to equity price risk in existence at that date. It is also assumed that all other variables remain constant. The analysis has been performed on the same basis for 2021.

## (f) Fair value

## (i) Financial instruments carried at fair value

## Fair value hierarchy

The following table presents the fair value of the Group's financial instruments measured at the end of  the  reporting  period  on  a  recurring  basis,  categorised  into  the  three-level  fair  value  hierarchy  as defined in IFRS 13, Fair value measurement .  The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is  determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

| - Level 1 valuations:  Fair  value  measured  using  only  Level  1  inputs  i.e.  unadjusted  quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date  - Level 2 valuations:  Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available  - Level 3 valuations:  Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 33 Financial risk management and fair values of financial instruments (continued)

## (f) Fair value (continued)

## (i) Financial instruments carried at fair value (continued)

Fair value hierarchy (continued)

| Fair value  at 31  December  2022  Fair value measurement as at  31 December 2022 categorised  into  Fair value  at 31  December  2021  Fair value measurement as at  31 December 2021 categorised  into  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  The Group  Recurring fair value  measurements  Assets  Equity securities  designated as at fair  value through other  comprehensive income  - Listed outside Hong  Kong  1,411,977  1,411,977  -  -  1,639,819  1,639,819  -  -  - Unlisted  3,016  -  -  3,016  3,178  -  -  3,178  1,414,993  1,411,977  -  3,016  1,642,997  1,639,819  -  3,178   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, there was no transfer among Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3.  The Group's policy is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.

## (ii) Fair values of financial instruments carried at other than fair value

The  carrying  amounts  of  the  Group's  financial  instruments  carried  at  cost  or  amortised  cost  are  not materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## (iii) Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

The fair value of unlisted equity securities is determined by adjusted net asset value approach. The fair value measurement is positively correlated to the share of net assets of the unlisted equity securities. As at 31 December 2022, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, an increase/decrease in share of net assets of the unlisted equity securities by 10% would have increased/decreased the Group's consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income by $302,000 (2021: $318,000).

The movements during the period in the balance of these Level 3 fair value measurements are as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Unlisted equity securities:  At 1 January  3,178  3,613  Net unrealised losses recognised in other comprehensive  income during the year  -  (295)  Exchange adjustments  (162)  (140)  At 31 December  3,016  3,178   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 34 Commitments

Capital commitments outstanding not provided for in the financial statements were as follows:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Authorised and contracted for  63,848  71,482   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35 Material related party transactions

In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group has entered into the following material related party transactions.

## (a) Key management personnel remuneration

Remuneration  for  key  management  personnel  represent  amounts  paid  to  the  Company's  directors  and  is disclosed in note 9.

## (b) Transactions with related companies

| Note  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Transactions with Tan Chong Motor Holdings Berhad  ('TCMH') Group:  (i)  - Sales of goods and services  43  32  - Receiving assembly services  36,573  7,033  - Purchase of inventories  18,454  19,365  Transactions with APM Automotive Holdings Berhad  ('APM') Group:  (ii)  - Purchase of inventories  343  218  - Sales of goods and services  70  71  - Rental income  40  43  Transactions with Warisan TC Holdings Berhad  ('WTCH') Group:  (iii)  - Sales of goods  820  502   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

## (i) Transactions with TCMH Group

- -Sales of goods and services and purchase of inventories

Tan Chong Consolidated Sdn. Bhd. ('TCC'), a substantial shareholder of the Company, is also a substantial shareholder of Tan Chong Motor Holdings Berhad ('TCMH') Group.  Various subsidiaries of the Group have been conducting sales and purchases of motor parts and accessories with TCMH Group.

- -Receiving assembly services

On 24 August 2021, a subsidiary of the Group entered into an assembly agreement with Tan Chong Motor Assemblies Sdn. Bhd. ('TCMA', being a subsidiary of TCMH), pursuant to which TCMA was appointed as the subsidiary's assembler to assemble vehicles for the period from 24 August 2021 to 30 June 2023.  The principal business of TCMA is the assembly of motor vehicles and engines.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 35 Material related party transactions (continued)

## (b) Transactions with related companies (continued)

Notes: (continued)

## (ii) Transactions with APM Group

- -Sales of goods and services and purchase of inventories

On 1 December 2020, a subsidiary of the Group entered into five parts purchase agreements with subsidiaries of APM, being APM Climate Control Sdn. Bhd., APM Auto Electrics Sdn. Bhd., APM Automotive Modules Sdn. Bhd., APM Coil Spring Sdn. Bhd. and Auto Parts Manufacturers Co. Sdn. Bhd. (collectively, the 'Five APM Subsidiaries') for the purchase of certain spare parts from the Five APM Subsidiaries for the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2022.

On 27 November 2019, a subsidiary of the Group entered into an agreement with APM Springs (Vietnam) Company Ltd, a subsidiary of APM in relation to the sales and rental of vehicles, material handling  equipment,  forklift,  parts  and  accessories  for  the  period  from  1  January  2020  to  31 December 2022.

On 27 November 2019, a subsidiary of the Group entered into an agreement with APM Auto Components (Thailand) Co., Ltd.,  a  subsidiary  of  APM  in  relation  to  the  rental  forklift  for  the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022.

## (iii) Transactions with WTCH Group

- -Sales of goods and services and purchase of inventories

TCC is a substantial shareholder of Warisan TC Holdings Berhad ('WTCH').  On 27 November 2019, a subsidiary of the Group entered into an agreement with TCIM Sdn. Bhd. ('TCIMSB', being a subsidiary of WTCH)  in relation to the sales motor parts and accessories for the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022.

All the above transactions have been entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group and either on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favourable than those available to or from independent third parties.

Amounts due from/(to) related parties are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position and disclosed in note 29.

## (c) Transaction with an associate

Management service fees received from an associate of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to $1,000,000 (2021: $1,000,000).

## (d) Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

The related party transactions in respect of (b) above constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.  The disclosures required by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided in section 'Connected transactions' of the Report of the directors.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 36 Segment reporting

The Group manages its business by divisions, which are organised by a mixture of both business lines (products and services) and geographical areas. In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group's most senior executive management for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group has presented the reportable segments as set out in note (b). No operating segments have been aggregated to form the reportable segments.

## (a) Business lines

## (i) Motor vehicle distribution and dealership business

The Group is the distributor for Nissan vehicles in Singapore and distributor or dealer for Subaru vehicles in Singapore, Guangdong Province of the PRC, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Thailand and certain other Southeast Asia countries.  The Group distributes various models of Nissan and Subaru passenger cars and Nissan light commercial vehicles.

## (ii) Heavy commercial vehicle and industrial equipment distribution business

The Group is the distributor for various brands of forklift trucks. The Group markets and distributes a wide range of heavy commercial vehicles and industrial equipment.

## (iii) Property rentals and development

The Group has a number of property interests and is engaged in the development of various investment properties for sale or rental income.  At present, the Group's activities in this segment are mainly carried out in Singapore and Hong Kong.

## (iv) Transportation

The Group mainly carries out vehicle logistics services to vehicle manufacturers in Japan.  The Group also provides human resource management service in relation to transportation business and general cargo business in Japan.

## (v) Other operations

Other operations mainly include investment holding, auto leasing, capital and equipment financing, hire purchase financing, provision of workshop services and the manufacturing of vehicle seats.

## 36 Segment reporting (continued) 36 Segment reporting (continued)

## (b) Segment results (b) Segment results

For the purpose of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between segments, the Group's senior executive management monitors the results attributable to each reportable segment on the following bases: For the purpose of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between segments, the Group's senior executive management monitors the results attributable to each reportable segment on the following bases:

Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to sales generated by those segments and the expenses incurred by those segments. Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to sales generated by those segments and the expenses incurred by those segments.

The measures used for reporting segment profit is 'EBITDA' i.e. 'earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation', where 'interest' is regarded as including bank and other interest income.  The shares of profits from associates are not included in the segment EBITDA. The measures used for reporting segment profit is 'EBITDA' i.e. 'earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation', where 'interest' is regarded as including bank and other interest income.  The shares of profits from associates are not included in the segment EBITDA.

Information  regarding  the  Group's  reportable  segments  as  provided  to  the  Group's  most  senior  executive management for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance for the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out below. Information  regarding  the  Group's  reportable  segments  as  provided  to  the  Group's  most  senior  executive management for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance for the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out below.

| Motor vehicle distribution  and dealership business  Heavy commercial  vehicle, industrial  equipment distribution and  dealership business  Property rentals  and development  Transportation  Other operations  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Disaggregated by timing  of revenue recognition  Point in time  4,709,007  4,170,262  88,405  194,244  -  -  -  -  281,322  261,337  5,078,734  4,625,843  Over time  332,791  334,255  78,517  70,837  105,326  85,760  7,429,832  6,648,430  453,467  99,832  8,399,933  7,239,114  Revenue from  external customers:  - Singapore  761,360  1,258,031  61,271  59,091  102,348  82,404  -  -  417,668  103,386  1,342,647  1,502,912  - PRC  384,568  335,226  -  -  -  -  -  -  303,460  247,110  688,028  582,336  - Thailand  666,712  587,838  76,993  176,396  -  -  -  -  10,142  9,673  753,847  773,907  - Japan  -  -  -  -  -  -  7,429,832  6,648,430  -  -  7,429,832  6,648,430  - Taiwan  1,515,774  1,334,958  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,515,774  1,334,958  - Others  1,713,384  988,464  28,658  29,594  2,978  3,356  -  -  3,519  1,000  1,748,539  1,022,414  5,041,798  4,504,517  166,922  265,081  105,326  85,760  7,429,832  6,648,430  734,789  361,169  13,478,667  11,864,957  EBITDA:  - Singapore  (156,457)  18,068  16,408  17,167  336,689  357,160  -  -  357,615  93,251  554,255  485,646  - PRC  (9,342)  5,574  -  -  -  -  -  -  11,512  (23,005)  2,170  (17,431)  - Thailand  (60,853)  (68,839)  (22,005)  (67,775)  -  -  -  -  (1,760)  (2,757)  (84,618)  (139,371)  - Japan  -  -  -  -  -  -  572,689  654,937  (2,251)  214  570,438  655,151  - Taiwan  386,428  290,261  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  386,428  290,261  - Others  (15,032)  (52,887)  11,154  13,440  28,093  60,796  -  -  7,952  (17,293)  32,167  4,056  144,744  192,177  5,557  (37,168)  364,782  417,956  572,689  654,937  373,068  50,410  1,460,840  1,278,312  Share of profits of  associates:  - Singapore  30,773  59,725  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  30,773  59,725  - Thailand  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - Japan  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  565  -  -  -  565  - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  11,241  9,606  11,241  9,606  30,773  59,725  -  -  -  -  -  565  11,241  9,606  42,014  69,896  Motor vehicle distribution  and dealership business  Heavy commercial  vehicle, industrial  equipment distribution and  dealership business  Property rentals  and development  Transportation  Other operations  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Disaggregated by timing  of revenue recognition  Point in time  4,709,007  4,170,262  88,405  194,244  -  -  -  -  281,322  261,337  5,078,734  4,625,843  Over time  332,791  334,255  78,517  70,837  105,326  85,760  7,429,832  6,648,430  453,467  99,832  8,399,933  7,239,114  Revenue from  external customers:  - Singapore  761,360  1,258,031  61,271  59,091  102,348  82,404  -  -  417,668  103,386  1,342,647  1,502,912  - PRC  384,568  335,226  -  -  -  -  -  -  303,460  247,110  688,028  582,336  - Thailand  666,712  587,838  76,993  176,396  -  -  -  -  10,142  9,673  753,847  773,907  - Japan  -  -  -  -  -  -  7,429,832  6,648,430  -  -  7,429,832  6,648,430  - Taiwan  1,515,774  1,334,958  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,515,774  1,334,958  - Others  1,713,384  988,464  28,658  29,594  2,978  3,356  -  -  3,519  1,000  1,748,539  1,022,414  5,041,798  4,504,517  166,922  265,081  105,326  85,760  7,429,832  6,648,430  734,789  361,169  13,478,667  11,864,957  EBITDA:  - Singapore  (156,457)  18,068  16,408  17,167  336,689  357,160  -  -  357,615  93,251  554,255  485,646  - PRC  (9,342)  5,574  -  -  -  -  -  -  11,512  (23,005)  2,170  (17,431)  - Thailand  (60,853)  (68,839)  (22,005)  (67,775)  -  -  -  -  (1,760)  (2,757)  (84,618)  (139,371)  - Japan  -  -  -  -  -  -  572,689  654,937  (2,251)  214  570,438  655,151  - Taiwan  386,428  290,261  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  386,428  290,261  - Others  (15,032)  (52,887)  11,154  13,440  28,093  60,796  -  -  7,952  (17,293)  32,167  4,056  144,744  192,177  5,557  (37,168)  364,782  417,956  572,689  654,937  373,068  50,410  1,460,840  1,278,312  Share of profits of  associates:  - Singapore  30,773  59,725  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  30,773  59,725  - Thailand  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - Japan  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  565  -  -  -  565  - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  11,241  9,606  11,241  9,606  30,773  59,725  -  -  -  -  -  565  11,241  9,606  42,014  69,896   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 36 Segment reporting (continued)

## (c) Reconciliation of reportable segment profit or loss

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Total segment EBITDA  1,460,840  1,278,312  Depreciation and amortisation  (650,024)  (646,176)  Interest income  28,409  14,093  Finance costs  (105,424)  (58,036)  Share of profits of associates  42,014  69,896  Consolidated profit before taxation  775,815  658,089   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Geographic information

The following table sets out information about the geographical location of the Group's investment properties, property, plant and equipment and interest in associates ('specified non-current assets').  The geographical location of the specified non-current assets is based on the physical location of the asset, in the case of investment properties, property, plant and equipment and the location of operations, in the case of interest in associates.

| Singapore  Hong Kong  PRC  Thailand  Japan  Others  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Specified  non-  current  assets  5,349,951  4,518,970  386,892  1,212,931  454,749  323,816  939,325  1,023,321  1,565,355  1,808,881  785,234  885,738  9,481,506  9,773,657   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 37 Company-level statement of financial position

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  96  156  Interest in subsidiaries  2,342,961  2,342,961  2,343,057  2,343,117  Current assets  Amounts due from subsidiaries  357,523  359,215  Other debtors, deposits and prepayments  324  318  Cash and cash equivalents  19,347  17,111  377,194  376,644  Current liabilities  Other creditors and accruals  24,014  19,850  Amounts due to subsidiaries  343,255  347,687  367,269  367,537  Net current assets  9,925  9,107  NET ASSETS  2,352,982  2,352,224  CAPITAL AND RESERVES  Share capital  1,006,655  1,006,655  Reserves  1,346,327  1,345,569  TOTAL EQUITY  2,352,982  2,352,224   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 27 March 2023.

| \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  Tan Eng Soon  Sng Chiew Huat  Chairman  Finance Director   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)

## 38 Possible impact of amendments, new standards and interpretations issued but not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2022

Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of new or amended standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2022 and which have not been adopted in these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group.

| Effective for  accounting periods  beginning on or after  IFRS 17,  Insurance contracts  1 January 2023  Amendments to IAS 1,  Classification of liabilities as current or non-current  1 January 2023  Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2,  Disclosure of accounting policies  1 January 2023  Amendments to IAS 8,  Definition of accounting estimates  1 January 2023  Amendments to IFRS 4,  Extension of the Temporary Exemption from Applying IFRS 9  1 January 2023  Amendments to IAS 12,  Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a  single transaction  1 January 2023  Amendments to IAS 1,  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants  1 January 2024  Amendments to IFRS 16, Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback  1 January 2024  Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28,  Sale or contribution of assets between an investor  and its associate or joint venture  To be determined   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected to be in the period of initial application.  So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements .

## Financial Summary

(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

| Note  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Results  Revenue  15,731,423  14,533,351  12,319,495  11,864,957  13,478,667  Profit from operations  971,750  565,476  274,112  646,229  839,225  Financing costs  (92,426)  (101,262)  (80,179)  (58,036)  (105,424)  Share of profits of associates  71,941  71,709  73,241  69,896  42,014  Profit before taxation  951,265  535,923  267,174  658,089  775,815  Income tax expense  (320,647)  (224,871)  (182,003)  (204,213)  (265,151)  Profit for the year  630,618  311,052  85,171  453,876  510,664  Attributable to:  Equity shareholders of the  Company  600,899  212,932  9,507  378,098  418,073  Non-controlling interests  29,719  98,120  75,664  75,778  92,591  Profit for the year  630,618  311,052  85,171  453,876  510,664  Assets and liabilities  Investment properties and other  property, plant, and equipment  7,830,171  8,779,157  8,793,182  8,876,690  9,399,616  Intangible assets  110,633  106,057  77,117  53,469  39,250  Goodwill  43,486  39,168  45,772  31,769  79,498  Interest in associates  862,729  883,828  868,010  896,967  81,890  Other non-current assets  499,807  456,540  375,656  1,981,612  3,480,965  Net current assets  4,297,941  3,409,503  3,646,128  2,036,342  1,506,331  Total assets less current  liabilities  13,644,767  13,674,253  13,805,865  13,876,849  14,587,550  Non-current liabilities  (1,496,332)  (1,123,376)  (1,624,740)  (1,793,003)  (2,700,970)  Total equity  12,148,435  12,550,877  12,181,125  12,083,846  11,886,580  Earnings per share  (i)  - basic  $0.30  $0.11  $0.005  $0.19  $0.208  - diluted  $0.30  $0.11  $0.005  $0.19  $0.208   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

(i) The amount of diluted earnings per share is the same as the basic earnings per share as there were no dilutive securities outstanding during the years presented.

This page has been intentionally left blank

## GROUP PROPERTIES

| ## Location  Description  Land area  (sq. feet)  Tenure  Expiry date  30/F Shui On Centre  6-8 Harbour Road  Wanchai  Hong Kong  Offices  (own use and  investment)  13,770  Leasehold  20 May 2060  911 and 913 Bukit Timah Road  Tan Chong Motor Centre  Singapore 589622/3  Showroom,  workshop and  office (own use)  198,606  Freehold  -  700 Woodlands Road  Singapore 738664  Workshop and  office (own use)  233,188  Freehold  -  8 Kung Chong Road  Singapore 159145  Workshop and  office (own use)  23,990  Leasehold  15 December 2058  25 Leng Kee Road  Singapore 159097  Showroom,  workshop and  office (own use)  23,998  Leasehold  10 April 2059  15 Queen Street  Tan Chong Tower  Singapore 188537  Office, restaurant  and apartments for  rental (investment)  22,193  Freehold  -  210 New Upper Changi Road  #01-703  Singapore 460210  Showroom and  office (investment)  4,058  Leasehold  1 July 2078  23 Jalan Buroh  Singapore 619479  Showroom,  workshop, office  and warehouse  (own use)  161,631  Leasehold  1 October 2027  The Wilby Residence  25, 27, 29, 31 and 33  Wilby Road  Singapore 276300 - 276304  Condominiums for  rental (investment)  200,991  Freehold  -  19 Lorong 8, Toa Payoh  Singapore 319255  Showroom,  workshop and  office (own use)  58,715  Leasehold  28 February 2053  19 Ubi Road 4  Singapore 408623  Showroom,  workshop and  office (own use)  59,379  Leasehold  1 October 2030  1 Sixth Lok Yang Road  Singapore 628099  Workshop and  office (own use)  131,750  92,158  Leasehold  Leasehold  15 April 2036  15 April 2036  10 Kung Chong Road  Singapore 159145  Workshop and  office (own use)  23,990  Leasehold  15 December 2053  804, 806, 812, 814, 816 &amp; 818  Upper Bukit Timah Road  Singapore  678142/43/46/48/49/50  Shophouses  (investment)  8,522  Leasehold  15 April 2874   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GROUP PROPERTIES (continued)

| ## Location  Description  Land area  (sq. feet)  Tenure  Expiry date  30 Bukit Batok Crescent  Singapore 658075  Workshop  and office  (own use)  37,059  Leasehold  12 March  2057  22 Tampines St 92  Singapore 528876  Workshop  and office  (own use)  71,250  Leasehold  1 August  2051  50 Gul Crescent  Singapore 629543  Workshop  (own use)  41,779  Leasehold  1 October  2051  18 Pandan Road  Singapore 609270  Workshop  (own use)  88,187  Leasehold  30 June  2041  59 Moo 1, Rangsit-Pathumthani Road,  Banklang, Muang District,  Pathumthani Province,  Thailand  Showroom,  workshop, office  and warehouse  (own use)  557,754  Freehold  -  118 Moo 5, T. Bangsamak A,  Bangpakong  Chachoengsao 24180  Thailand  Showroom,  workshop and  office (own use)  31,579  Freehold  -  12/17 Moo 2, Seri Thai Road  Khlong Kum Sub-District  Bueng Kum District  Bangkok 10240, Thailand  Showroom,  workshop and  office (own use)  94,722  Freehold  -  59/3 Moo 10, Nongkrod  Muang District, Nakhon Sawan  Thailand 60240  Showroom,  workshop, office  and warehouse  (own use)  58,620  Freehold  -  388, Moo 5  Chiangmai-Lampang Road  Yangnueng, Sarapee District  Chiangmai, Thailand 50140  Showroom,  workshop, office  and warehouse  (own use)  66,936  Freehold  -  122/1-2, Soi Chalongkrung 31  Lumplatiew, Lardkrabang  Bangkok 10520  Thailand  Production plant  (own use)  1,130,211  Freehold  -  17/1 Liab Klong Lum Kor Phai Road  Lumplatiew, Lardkrabang  Bangkok 10520  Thailand  Vehicle yard  (own use)  1,083,747  Freehold  -  Jalan Sultan Iskandar Muda  No 24 Jakarta 12240  Indonesia  Showroom,  workshop and  office (own use)  36,737  Leasehold  16 November 2041   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GROUP PROPERTIES (continued)

| Location  Description  Land area  (sq. feet)  Tenure  Expiry date  Jalan Raden Patah  Komplek Sumber Jaya  B9 - B10 Indonesia  Shophouse  (own use)  1,615  Leasehold  21 November 2035  Lembar K-8-4 Kotak F-G/1  Teluk Tering  Komplek Bangun Sukses  Showroom  Sei Panas, Kota Batam  Indonesia  Showroom,  workshop and  office (own use)  24,262  Leasehold  1 April 2028  Jalan Bypass  Ngurah Rai No 643  Desa Pemogan Denpasar, Bali  Indonesia  Showroom,  workshop and  office (own use)  21,043  Leasehold  4 March 2043  Qinyang Town  Nam Huan Road 10  Jiangyin Jiangsu Province  China  Office, factory and  warehouse  (own use)  48,753  Leasehold  20 November 2048  639 Jiang Jun Avenue  Jiangning District  Nanjing China  Factory, office and  warehouse  (own use)  583,995  Leasehold  30 April 2062  West of Xi Wai Huan  Yangliu Town Lianhe Sub-district,  Zhengxiang District Hengyang  Hunan Province, China  Showroom and  workshop  (own use)  6,226  Leasehold  16 May 2052  No. 10, Jalan 51A/223  46100 Petaling Jaya  Selangor Darul Ehsan  Malaysia  Showroom,  workshop and  office (own use)  43,575  Leasehold  19 January 2062  No. 33, Lane 250,  Xinhu 2nd Road, Neihu District,  Taipei City, Taiwan  Showroom,  workshop and  office (own use)  23,290  Freehold  -  No. 38-2, Dong Yuan Road,  Zhongli District.  Taoyuan City, Taiwan  Showroom,  workshop, office  and warehouse  (own use)  143,622  Freehold  -  187 Edsa North Greenhills  San Juan Metro  Manila 1503 Philippines  Showroom,  workshop, office  and warehouse  (own use)  18,891  Freehold  -  212 Vietnam-Singapore Industrial  Park, Thuan An District  Binh Duong Province  Vietnam  Workshop and  office (own use)  30,145  Leasehold  11 February 2046   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GROUP PROPERTIES (continued)

| ## Location  Description  Land area  (sq. feet)  Tenure  Expiry date  Kawasaki-shi, Kanagawa, Japan  Vehicle distribution  center (own use)/  Delivery center  (investment)  147,112  Freehold  -  Fukuoka-shi, Fukuoka, Japan  Vehicle distribution  center (own use)  89,079  Freehold  -  Kasuya-gun, Fukuoka, Japan  Auction venue  (own use)/  Vehicle yard  (investment)  272,853  Freehold  -  Tagazyo-shi, Miyagi, Japan  Vehicle distribution  center (own use)  139,055  Freehold  -  Miyako-gun, Fukuoka, Japan  Delivery center  (investment)  92,982  Freehold  -  Kitakyusyu-shi, Fukuoka, Japan  Delivery center  (investment)  87,767  Freehold  -  Yokosuka-shi, Kanagawa, Japan  Vehicle  maintenance shop  (own use)  53,254  Freehold  -  Nagoya-shi, Aichi, Japan  Vehicle distribution  center (own use)  244,023  Freehold  -  Miyako-gun, Fukuoka, Japan  Vehicle yard (own  use &amp; investment)  208,590  Freehold  -  Koza-gun, Kanagawa, Japan  Vehicle  maintenance shop  (own use)  35,595  Freehold  -  Miyako-gun, Fukuoka, Japan  Vehicle  maintenance shop  (own use)  142,336  Freehold  -  Kagoshima-shi, Kagoshima, Japan  Vehicle distribution  center (own use)  79,074  Freehold  -  Tomakomai-shi, Hokkaido, Japan  Vehicle distribution  center (own use)  142,279  Freehold  -  Kitakyusyu-shi, Fukuoka, Japan  Delivery center  (investment)  47,391  Freehold  -  Mooka-shi, Tochigi, Japan  Vehicle  maintenance shop  (own use)  54,167  Freehold  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|