<!-- image -->

## TIANJIN JINRAN PUBLIC UTILITIES COMPANY LIMITED

(a joint stock limited company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability) Stock Code: 1265

Annual Report 2022

## CONTENTS

| Pages  Company Information  2  Financial Summary  4  Chairman's Statement  5  Management Discussion and Analysis  7  Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management  17  Corporate Governance Report  23  Directors' Report  45  Supervisory Committee's Report  64  Auditor's Report  67  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  73  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss  75  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  77  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  78  Statement of Financial Position  80  Statement of Profit or Loss  82  Statement of Changes in Equity  83  Statement of Cash Flows  84  Notes to Financial Statements  86  Five Year Financial Summary  194   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## COMPANY INFORMATION

## DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Chen Tao (Chairman of the Board) Tang Jie Sun Liangchuan

## Non-executive Directors

Wu Fang Guan Na Zhang Jinghan

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Zhang Ying Hua Yu Jian Jun Guo Jia Li

## SUPERVISORS

## Independent Supervisors

Xu Hui Liu Zhi Yuan

## Staff Representative Supervisors

You Hui Yan Zhang Tingting

As of 31 December 2022 and date of this annual report

## Shareholders' Representative Supervisor

Xu Peng

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Lau Kwok Yin

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Sun Liangchuan Lau Kwok Yin

## BOARD COMMITTEES

## Audit Committee

Guo Jia Li (Chairman) Zhang Ying Hua Yu Jian Jun

## Nomination Committee

Chen Tao (Chairman) Zhang Ying Hua Yu Jian Jun

## Remuneration Committee

Zhang Ying Hua (Chairman) Guo Jia Li Wu Fang

## LEGAL ADDRESS

Weishan Road, Chang Qing Science, Industry and Trade Park, Jinnan District, Tianjin, PRC

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC

Floor 9, Gangao Tower, No.18 Zhengzhou Road, Heping District, Tianjin

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248 Queen's Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong

## AUDITORS

Ernst &amp; Young Hua Ming LLP Level 16, Ernst &amp; Young Tower, Oriental Plaza, No. 1 East Chang An Avenue, Dong Cheng District, Beijing, China 100738

## HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER

HW Lawyers Units 2511-2512, K11 Atelier King's Road, No. 728 King's Road, Hong Kong

As of 31 December 2022 and date of this annual report

## COMPANY INFORMATION

## SHARE REGISTRAR

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL BANKER

Agricultural Bank of China Tianjin He Xi Sub-branch, PRC

## STOCK CODE

The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited: 01265

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  1,780,359  1,579,770  Operating profit/(loss)  (90,708)  7,909  Net profit/(loss) attributable to shareholders of the Parent  (68,345)  1,432  Equity attributable to shareholders of the Parent  1,586,396  1,654,489  Total assets  2,503,306  2,345,374  2022  2021  RMB  RMB  Earnings/(loss) per share  Basic RMB  (0.037)  0.001   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

To all the shareholders (the 'Shareholders'),

2022  was  a  critical  year  for  Tianjin  Jinran  Public  Utilities  Company  Limited  (the  'Company')  to  withstand  the challenges  as  prevention  and  control  of  pandemic  normalized  and  reverse  the  decline  in  performance.  The Company faces opportunities  and  challenges  under  the  new  shareholding  structure.  For  this  end,  the  Company consolidated its foothold at this new stage of development by focusing on its principal businesses, enhancing its quality  and  efficiency,  supplying  gas  safely  and  stably,  optimizing  corporate  governance  structure,  progressively promoting  corporate  reform,  effectively  improving  its  service  standard  for  general  livelihood,  and  gradually facilitating  various  tasks  and  objectives  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  (the  'Year',  'Reporting  Period' or  'Period').  The  board  (the  'Board')  of  directors  (the  'Directors')  and  management  of  the  Company  made breakthrough through insistence, pursued new situation and new chapters, focused on key areas and increased efficiency.  The  Group  also  continuously  optimizing  its  operating  environment  through  making  endeavors  in improving  the  reporting  and  installation  services,  streamlining  processes,  and  enhancing  time  efficiency.  It  also increased technology and capital investments in pipeline reconstruction and upgrading of indoor facilities to assume its social responsibilities of maintaining safe and stable gas supply and successfully completed its various tasks in relation to securing provision for the Year. All the employees made concerted efforts to explore and develop new growth points.

Strengthening of the compliance structure has been one of the theme for the Company in 2022. During the Year, the Company insisted on compliance guidance, strengthened the development of the Board, refined the top-level structure and optimise the institutional framework, in order to further optimize the corporate governance structure and  play  a  functional  role  of  the  Board  of  Directors.  Under  the  structure  of  the  Company's  credit  system,  the foundation  of  top-level  design  documents,  organizational  leadership,  operational  mechanisms  and  compliance culture  were  more  consolidated.  The  Company  also  continued  to  carried  out  its  ESG  responsibilities  through setting  out  the  duties  of  the  Board  and  working  group  of  different  levels,  smoothing  the  mechanism  for  work and  communication,  which  laid  the  institutional  foundation  for  improving  the  Company's  ESG  management  and compliance risk prevention.

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

In  2022,  the  Company  experienced  a  substantive  drop  in  its  operating  results,  with  continuing  pressure  on improving operating results. In 2023, the Company's operation focuses on further exploration on keys to improve operating results, establishment of reasonable expectations for sustainable growth on its current foundation under the  new  shareholding  structure  and  investors'  and  market's  expectations.  In  2023,  the  downward  pressure  in external economy is lessened, but the Company will still be facing challenges in upgrading of indoor facilities and safety examination service. The Board will continue to practice new concepts of development, create mechanisms, stimulate  vitality  and  seek  for  strategies  in  order  to  take  lead  in  opening  new  landscape  during  the  process  of expediting the building of new development landscape. We will improve internal reform and management, further consolidate  the  building  and  implementation  of  systems,  prevent  systemic  risks,  improve  quality  and  efficiency; focus  on  principal  businesses,  endeavour  to  expand  piped  gas  market,  further  explore  potential  large  users  by identifying  users'  needs  in  the  current  market  share,  thereby  defending  the  established  markets;  strengthen communication  with  gas  sources  units  and  competent  department  in  charge  of  gas  prices,  actively  coordinate and address the cost pass-through mechanism for gas, smoothen the lifeline of the Company, address the issue of gas source by all means, and strive to cut costs; strenuously stimulate vitality in corporate innovation, promote value-added services, strive to create new momentum for corporate growth, and give effect to and practice value thinking  and  efficiency-led  concepts;  unswervingly  stick  to  the  concept  of  sustainable  development,  fulfill  ESG responsibilities,  and  advance  the  building  of  intrinsic  safety;  strengthen  the  corporate  governance  according  to law  and  promote  the  in-depth  integration  of  legal  compliance  and  business;  continue  to  strengthen  the  training and  nurturing  of  talents,  enhance  the  quality  and  capacity  of  talent  echelons  overall;  continue  to  improve  the governance  structure  of  corporate  legal  person  of  listed  company,  follow  the  rules  of  procedures  of  the  general meetings,  board  of  directors  and  board  of  supervisors,  and  give  full  play  of  the  functions  of  the  corporate governance structure. The Company and its subsidiaries (the 'Group'), with confidence and sense of responsibility, will overcome difficulties and make innovations in order to achieve its annual goals and tasks in 2023 and promote reform and development, safety and stability, and operations and services and other works to a new level.

## APPRECIATION

I would like to take this opportunity to thank the shareholders, customers and business partners for their continuing supports, and the Group's staff for their diligence and contribution. With our team of high quality and professional staff, and I look forward to a more rewarding 2023 for the shareholders.

Chen Tao Chairman of the Board

China, 28 March 2023

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The year ended 31 December 2022 was a challenging year for the Group to develop its natural gas business. The Group will strive to achieve a more satisfactory result for the shareholders in 2023.

## MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE

The  Group's  management  structure,  which  facilitate  the  Group's  constant  expansion  and  improvement,  is summarises as follows:

<!-- image -->

Certain  Chinese  names  of  institutions,  natural  persons  or  other  entities  have  been  translated  into  English  and included  in  this  annual  report  as  unofficial  translations  for  identification  purpose  only.  In  the  event  of  any inconsistency, the Chinese names shall prevail.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## BUSINESS REVIEW

## Overview

In 2022, in order to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 while maintaining the sustainable development of the Group during this challenging time, in light of the reduced consumption of natural gas by existing gas users the Board and  the  management  have  striven  to  develop  new  markets  by  looking  for  new  gas  users  switching  from  other energy sources on the one hand, and reduce the risk exposure of the Group by reviewing its existing and potential investments,  enhancing  internal  control  and  cost  management,  as  well  as  taking  the  initiative  to  optimise  the Group's business development, daily operations and compliance matters on the other hand.

## Principal Risks and Uncertainties

The  Group's  performance  and  business  operation  are  affected  by  China's  urban  gas  industry.  Principal  risks affecting the Group are summarised as follows:

Natural gas is one of the main sources of China's urban gas and its import dependence is increasing. As a result, China's urban gas supply is faced with considerable international Geo-Political Risk. Gas source development and transportation  is  highly  monopolised.  Although  China  has  eased  admission  policy  of  the  pipeline  network,  such situation will remain in short-term and therefore the industry will face considerable risk of insufficient gas supply. Due to the dislocation of gas source and market, China's natural gas industry is faced with considerable security risk  in  pipeline  transport.  Gas  purchase  price  of  gas  manufacturers  and  suppliers  in  China  is  regulated  by  the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and is facing policy risk in respect of occasional changes in  the  gas  pricing mechanism. Gas consumption in the winter months increase due to its seasonal features, and thus China's gas enterprises are faced with the risk of gas undersupply. Global economic uncertainties, upgrading geopolitical conflicts and other issues remain the potential causes of global energy price fluctuation, thus China's urban gas operators will face gas purchase cost fluctuation.

The  Group  recognised  the  instability  in  the  global  economy  and  financial  markets,  in  particular,  the  risks  and uncertainties  brought  by  COVID-19,  which  might  impact  exchange  rates  and  the  value  of  financial  assets  of  the Group. Having considered that it might not be prudent to subscribe for financial products in view of the potential material  impact  brought  by  COVID-19,  the  Group  did  not  subscribe  for  financial  products  in  the  year  ended  31 December 2022. The Group may resume the subscription of financial products in 2023 should it determine that the risks and uncertainties arising from the COVID-19 pandemic are widely accepted by the market.

## Key Relationships

## (i) Employees

Human  resources  are  one  of  the  Group's  greatest  assets.  The  Group  highly  emphasizes  the  employees' personal development, and endeavours to continue to be an attractive employer.

The  Group  strives  to  motivate  its  employees  with  a  clear  career  path  and  opportunities  for  advancement and  improvement  of  their  skills.  The  Group  provides  pre-job  and  on-the-job  training  and  development opportunities  to  its  staff.  The  training  programs  cover  areas  such  as  managerial  skills,  sales  and procurement, customer services, safety inspections, workplace ethics and training of other areas relevant to the gas industry. In addition, the Group seriously considers all those valuable feedbacks from its employees for enhancing workplace productivity and harmony.

Generally,  a  salary  review  is  conducted  annually.  The  Group  makes  contributions  towards  pensions, unemployment  insurance,  work-related  injury  insurance,  maternity  insurance  and  medical  insurance  for its employees in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. The Group also provides housing provident fund contributions as required by local regulations in the PRC.

## (ii) Suppliers

The Group has developed long-standing relationships with a number of its suppliers and strives to ensure that they share the Group's commitment to quality and ethics. The Group carefully selects its suppliers and requires  them  to  satisfy  certain  assessment  criteria  including  track  record,  experience,  financial  strength, reputation,  products  qualities  and  quality  control  effectiveness.  The  Group  also  requires  its  suppliers  to comply with the Group's anti-bribery policy.

## (iii) Customers

The Group is committed to maintain and develop its diversified client portfolio consisting of industrial parks, large  scale  enterprises  and  residential  users.  The  Group  maximises  client  value  by  offering  professional services and effective operation model to intensify the interaction and viscosity between the Group and its customers, so as to enhances their user experience.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Environmental Policies

The Group is committed to building an environmentally-friendly working environment that pays close attention to conserving  natural  resources.  The  Group  strives  to  minimise  the  environmental  impact  by  saving  electricity  and encouraging recycle of office supplies and other materials. The Group also requires its suppliers to operate in strict compliance with the relevant environmental regulations and rules in the PRC.

As a leader in the clean energy development and supply industry, the Group has also devoted itself to social and environmental agendas and undertook various eco-protection responsibilities. The Group is committed to reduce energy  industry's  impact  on  the  environment  by  developing  and  providing  clean  energy,  which  can  also  satisfy clients who want to meet their social and environmental responsibilities.

## Compliance with Laws and Regulations

The Group's operations are mainly carried out in the PRC while the Company itself is listed on the Stock Exchange. The Group's operations accordingly shall comply with relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and Hong Kong, including  but  not  limited  to  the  Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong Limited  (the  'Listing  Rules'),  the  Company  Law  of  the  PRC  and  the  Regulation  on  the  Administration  of  Urban Gas ( 《城鎮燃氣管理條例》 ). During the Year, as far as the Board and management are concerned, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws and regulations which have significant impact on its business and operation.

## Strategy and Future Business Developments

In 2023, the Board will strive to bring vitality and innovation to the Company by deepening the promotion of value thinking way and efficiency-oriented concept, as well as enhancing corporate governance in compliance with law so as to take the Company's operation to a new level.

The  Board  will  continue  to  focus  on  its  principal  business,  and  actively  develop  its  piped  gas  business  through consolidating  its  existing  market.  The  Group  will  also  actively  resolve  issues  relating  to  sources  of  its  gas  supply and endeavors to reduce costs. At the same time the Group continues to build and implement a system of integrity, transparency  and  compliance,  strengthening  investors'  confidence,  safeguarding  shareholders'  return,  improving the  environmental,  social  and  governance  management  of  the  Group,  focusing  on  good  communication  with shareholders and investors, and nurturing the corporate culture of strict code of conduct.

The Company will continue to focus on a balanced development of its natural gas business, and at the same time putting more efforts to tap into the pipeline gas market through participating in the natural gas pipeline network projects in the local PRC cities by merger or acquisition. It will carry on the survey, evaluation, negotiations of the existing  projects  and  work  hard  to  realise  the  business  goals.  The  Company  will  keep  on  enhancing  its  financial control to reduce the operation cost and to maximise revenue from its existing operating projects. In addition, the Company will keep improving its corporate governance as a listed company through regular meetings according to the relevant rules of procedures concerning the general meeting of Shareholders, meeting of Directors and meeting of supervisors, so as to achieve the function of the governance structure; and keep up talents training and recruiting for smooth operation and development of its business while spreading a positive corporate culture and enhancing its management expertise.

Please also refer to the paragraph headed 'Prospects' below.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

A separate ESG report for 2022 has been published on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange in compliance with the ESG Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

For the Year, the Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB1,780,359,000 (for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the  'Previous  Year'):  approximately  RMB1,579,770,000),  representing  an  increase  of  approximately  13% from the Previous Year. The gross profit margin was a profit of approximately 0.54% for the Previous Year and a loss of approximately 5.68% for the Year. The loss before tax for the Year amounted to approximately RMB92,891,000 (Previous Year: profit before tax of approximately RMB3,027,000).

The deterioration in financial performance for the Year was mainly attributable to (among others), (i) the rise in the gas sourcing price of Jinran China Resources Gas Co., Ltd ('Jinran China Resources'), the upstream gas source entity, due to the impact of the rise in global natural gas price; and (ii) a fall in the gas amount sold, reflecting a reduced gas demand by users caused by the impact of the pandemic.

## SEGMENTAL INFORMATION ANALYSIS

During the Year, the Group has continued to implement its formulated development strategies to sell piped gas and provide piped gas connection to the users in the Group's operational locations in Tianjin and Jining, Inner Mongolia. Sales of piped gas is the major source of income for the Group, which is followed by gas connection, sales of gas appliances and others.

## LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

The Group is generally funded by equity financing.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  (i)  a  balance  of  cash  and  cash  equivalent  of  approximately RMB964,053,000  which  was  principally  denominated  in  RMB  (Previous  Year:  approximately  RMB936,590,000), representing  an  increase  of  approximately  3%  from  the  Previous  Year,  and  (ii)  trade  payables  of  approximately RMB434,171,000 (Previous Year: approximately RMB200,485,000), representing a increase of approximately 117% from the Previous Year. The Group had no bank borrowings as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: Nil).

The Group mostly uses Renminbi in its ordinary business operation and it had not used any financial instrument for currency hedging purposes, as it considers that its exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates is only minimal.

The Group's gearing ratio (total liabilities to total asset ratio) as at 31 December 2022 was approximately 0.37 (31 December 2021: approximately 0.29).

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS

The Board has adopted an investment policy that, on the premises that the Company can carry on its operations normally, the Company intends to purchase principal-guaranteed wealth management products and/or structured deposit products with its idle funds to enhance its utilisation of capital, and the total purchase amount of which shall  not  exceed  RMB1  billion.  The  general  manager  of  the  Company  has  been  authorised  by  the  Board  to confirm with the banks/financial  institutions  the  types,  amounts,  periods  and  other  relevant  details  of  the  wealth management products and structured deposit products to be subscribed and to sign on behalf of the Company relevant legal documents with the banks/financial institutions in compliance with the Listing Rules, the articles of association of the Company and other laws and regulations.

The Group did not have any significant investments for the Year.

## MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL

During the Year, there had been no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures by the Group.

## CHARGES ON THE GROUP'S ASSETS

There was no charges on the Group's assets as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: Nil).

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had no material contingent liabilities or guarantees (31 December 2021: Nil).

## FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS

Save as disclosed in this annual report, there was no plan authorised by the Board for any material investments or additions of capital assets as at the date of this annual report.

## STAFF AND EMOLUMENT POLICY

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  a  workforce  of  695  full-time  employees  (31  December  2021:  738). The  total  employee  costs  were  approximately  RMB136,427,000  for  the  Year  (Previous  Year:  approximately RMB136,130,000).

Emoluments  of  employees  were  determined  by  the  common  practice  of  the  industry  as  well  as  individual performance  of  employees.  In  addition  to  regular  salaries,  the  Group  also  paid  discretionary  bonuses  to  eligible employees subject to the Group's operating results and individual performance of employees. The Group also made contributions to medical welfare and retirement funds as well as provided other benefits to all employees.

The  employees  employed  by  the  Group  are  members  of  the  state-managed  defined  contribution  plan  operated by the PRC government. The Group is required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll to the defined contribution plan to fund the contributions. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the defined contribution plan is to make the required contributions under the plan. For the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, there were no forfeited contributions under the defined contribution plan which may be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contributions as described in paragraph 26(2) of Appendix 16 to the Listing Rules.

## PROSPECTS

In line with and benefit from China's Vision 2035 (2035 年遠景目標） envisaging that the carbon emission of China will be stabilized and decreased, implying a trend of using relatively cleaner energy source, and China's 14th FiveYear Plan, aiming to in the next five year enhance the reserves and productivity （增儲上產） of oil and natural gas and at  the  same  time  speed  up  the  construction  of  natural  gas  pipeline,  perfecting  the  grid  network  for  oil  and natural  gas,  the  Group  expects  that  the  PRC  natural  gas  sector  and  natural  gas  consumption  will  experience  a persistent growth. The Group may be particularly benefited from such growth as it is also emphasized in the 14th Five-Year Plan that Beijing, Tianjin, and Hebei shall jointly prevent and control （京津冀協同防控） air pollution, and that northern China shall be promoted to use cleaner energy for heating purpose. Together with policy documents such  as  the  Plan  of  Action  for  the  Prevention  of  Air  Pollution （ 《大氣污染防治行動計劃》 ） ,  Detailed  Rules  for Implementation  of  the  Action  Plans  for  the  Prevention  and  Control  of  Air  Pollution  in  the  Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region and the Surrounding Regions （ 《京津冀及周邊地區落實大氣污染防治行動計劃實施細則》 ） , and the Plan for  Strengthening the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution in Energy Industry （ 《能源行業加強大氣污 染防治工作方案》 ） ,  the  Group remains optimistic about the PRC gas sector as a whole and that natural gas will remain as a preferred energy source in the PRC.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

It is also prospected that natural gas will become the main fuel of urban residents. In respect of the transportation area,  natural  gas  will  become  the  main  fuel  for  most  taxis  in  middle  or  small-scale  cities  and  bus  in  large  and medium-scale cities will also gradually become clean gas-fueled. Liquefied natural gas (LNG) vehicles will further expand to intercity coaches and heavy trucks, and the application of LNG to ships and trains will begin. Natural gas will become a competitive fuel in public transportation. In respect of the industrial field, the progress of substituting natural gas as industrial fuel will be fully accelerated, especially in Bohai Bay Rim area, where coal-burning boilers will  be  substituted,  and  traditional  industries,  such  as  iron,  steel  and  ceramics  etc,  will  be  upgraded  so  as  to manage air pollution,  and  central  and  western  regions  where  the  industrial  structure  of  traditional  industries  will be transferred to. As such, the natural gas consumption in industrial field will be promoted. In respect of natural gas power generation, natural gas peak power stations will be orderly developed and natural gas distributed energy development  will  be  the  priority  in  air  pollution  control  districts  such  as  Beijing,  Tianjin,  Hebei  and  Shandong, Yangtze River delta and the Pearl River delta.

Looking ahead, based on the analysis in respect of external environment and inner abilities as well as resources, the  Company  is  positioned  as  a  clean  energy  integrated  solution  provider,  aiming  to  maximise  returns  for  its Shareholders. The Company plans to expand in the following areas:

- on  the  premise  of  ensuring  the  strategic  direction  and  business  needs,  lay  emphasis  on  five  principles, which  are  strategic  orientation,  economical  efficiency,  financing  matching,  risk  prevention  and  order  of priority, to achieve continuing growth of net cash flows;
- continue  to  improve  the  financial  management  system,  with  a  view  to  reducing  operating  costs,  and maximise the benefits from project operations;
- continue  to  strengthen  the  support  of  scientific  and  technological  innovation  to  the  businesses  of  the Company,  enhance  the  introduction  and  development  of  advanced  technologies,  as  well  as  apply  such advanced technologies to the production management and the internal management;
- continue  to  improve  the  operation  management  system  and  mechanism,  with  emphasis  on  operation security, optimise management methods and means and promote the pre-control safety management, so as to ensure safe operation; and
- continue  to  strengthen  the  talent  team  construction,  drive  management  change  with  strategic  change, expand existing businesses with incremental business and inspire employees with entrepreneurial teams, so as to contribute a chain reaction to the corporation.

In  2023,  the  Company  will  (i)  focus  on  tackling  the  issue  of  single  gas  source  by  taking  multiple  measures  to explore new gas sources; (ii) prioritize market expansion and develop new customers; (iii) further explore potential large  users  by  identifying  users'  needs  in  the  current  market  share,  thereby  defending  the  established  markets; (iv) promote value-added services and strive to create new momentum for corporate growth; and (v) consider the resumption of the purchase of wealth management products or explore new financial products, when appropriate, to enhance its capital yield.

## DIVIDENDS

The Board does not recommend the distribution of a dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 (Previous Year: Nil).

## SIGNIFICANT EVENTS DURING AND AFTER THE YEAR

## Internal Restructuring of the Controlling Shareholders

Pursuant to the joint  venture  agreement  and  the  supplemental  agreement  dated  2  November  2011  entered  into between Tianjin Gas Group Company Limited ('Tianjin Gas') and China Resources Gas (Hong Kong) Investment Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Resources Gas Group Limited (the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange) ('China Resources Gas (HK)'), Tianjin Gas and China Resources Gas (HK) agreed to set up Jinran China  Resources  (owned  as  to  51%  and  49%  by  Tianjin  Gas  and  China  Resources  Gas  (HK),  respectively)  and Tianjin Gas agreed to contribute by way of injection of all its natural gas-related business (including the domestic shares  of  the  Company  held  by  Tianjin  Gas  (the  'Target  Shares')  and  China  Resources  Gas  (HK)  agreed  to contribute by way of cash.

The  transfer  of  the  Target  Shares  was  registered  with  the  China  Securities  Depository  and  Clearing  Corporation Limited  on  25  May  2022.  Jinran  China  Resources  has  become  a  shareholder  of  the  Company,  holding approximately 70.54% of the issued share capital of the Company as of the date of this report. The Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong has granted Jinran China Resources a waiver from the obligation for mandatory unconditional cash offer pursuant to Note 6 to Rule 26.1 of the Code on Takeovers and Mergers.

For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 3 January 2022, 28 April 2022 and 26 May 2022, respectively.

## Amendments to the Articles of Association

Amendments have been made to the Company's articles of association during the Year to update the information of  domestic  shareholders  of  the  Company,  to  further  improve  the  corporate  governance  of  the  Company,  and  to further implement laws, rules and regulatory requirements applicable to the Company (including without limitation, the Companies Law of the People's Republic of China, the Law on State-owned Assets of Enterprises of the People's Republic of China, the Management Measures of Formulation of Articles of Associations of State-owned Enterprise and the Listing Rules. For further details, please refer to the circular of the Company dated 5 July 2022.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Change of Directors, Supervisors and Deputy General Manager

At  the  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  1  August  2022,  Mr.  Chen  Tao  was  elected  as  a new executive Director, Ms. Wu Fang, Ms. Guan Na and Ms. Zhang Jinghan were elected as new non-executive Directors,  and  Mr.  Xu  Peng  was  elected  as  a  new  shareholders'  representative  supervisor  of  the  Company  (the 'Supervisor'). Upon conclusion of that general meeting, the following resignations became effective: Mr. Zhao Wei as the chairman of the Board and an executive Director; Mr. Zhao Heng Hai, Mr. Hou Shuang Jiang and Ms. Hou Yuling as non-executive Directors; and Mr. Sun Guoqing as a Supervisor. Corresponding changes were implemented to the composition of the Board committees in light of the above changes.

Ms. Yan Ying has been appointed as a deputy general manager of the Company during the Year.

## Potential Disposal of Assets of Jining Branch Company

References are made to the announcements of the Company dated 4 September 2020 and 24 September 2020 in relation to the potential disposal of all the assets and liabilities (excluding the outstanding amount due from 天津 津燃公用事業股份有限公司集寧分公司 (Tianjin Jinran Public Utilities Company Limited, Jining Branch) ('Jining Branch Company') to the Company) of Jining Branch Company to be disposed of through the listing-for-sale at 天津產權交易中心 (Tianjin  Property  Rights  Exchange).  The  Company  resolved  to  adjust  the  base  price  for  the disposal contemplated from approximately RMB103,080,200 to approximately RMB91,332,200. Further details are set out in the Company's announcement dated 20 August 2021. As of the date of this report, the listing has been withdrawn from Tianjin Property Rights Exchange following the expiry of the listing period. The Company is looking for other means in relation to the potential disposal. Announcement(s) (if required under the Listing Rules) will be made as and when appropriate.

## Connected Transactions

See the paragraph headed 'Connected transactions' in the Directors' Report in this annual report for information regarding non-exempt connected transactions of the Group during the Year.

## IMPORTANT EVENT(S) AFTER REPORTING PERIOD

After  the  outbreak  of  COVID-19  in  early  2020,  a  series  of  precautionary  and  control  measures  have  been  and continued  to  be  implemented  across  the  PRC.  The  Company  will  pay  close  attention  to  the  development  of  the COVID-19 outbreak and evaluate its impact on the financial position and operating results of the Company.

Save as disclosed in this annual report, there is no important event affecting the Group which has occurred after the end of the Year and up to the date of this annual report.

## DIRECTORS

As at the date of this annual report, the Company has three executive Directors, three non-executive Directors, and three independent non-executive Directors. Their details are set out below:

## Executive Directors

Mr.  Chen  Tao （陳濤） ,  aged  42,  is  the  Chairman  of  the  Board  and  an  executive  Director.  He  graduated  from  the College  of  Mechanical  Engineering  of  Tianjin  University  of  Science  and  Technology （天津科技大學機械工程學 院） in China in June 2003 with a bachelor's degree in engineering. He is qualified as a senior engineer (Specialty: gas) in China. Mr. Chen has been a deputy chief economist of Jinran China Resources since October 2021. From November 2003 to April 2004, Mr. Chen worked at the first sales branch of Hexi Sales Office （第一銷售分公司 河西營業所） of  Tianjin  Gas.  From  April  2004  to  July  2012,  Mr.  Chen  served  in  the  pipeline  network  department, and  subsequently  the  asset  management  department  of  Tianjin  Gas.  He  acted  as  a  deputy  head  of  the  asset management department from July 2012 to May 2014. He also acted as a deputy head of the asset management department of  Jinran  China  Resources  from  April  2013  to  January  2020,  including  acting  as  a  deputy  head  (in charge) of the department during December 2013 to January 2020. From May 2017 to January 2020, Mr. Chen also  took  up  the  position  as  a  deputy  head  (in  charge)  of  the  comprehensive  planning  department  of  Jinran China Resources concurrently. He subsequently served as a deputy manager (in charge) of the strategic planning department of Jinran China Resources from January to July 2020, and as the manager of the same department from July 2020 to October 2021.

Mr. Chen was appointed as an executive Director with effect from 1 August 2022. He is also the chairman of the Nomination Committee of the Company.

Ms. Tang Jie （唐潔） , aged 55, is an executive Director. She graduated from the Tianjin Institute of Finance （天津財 經學院） (now known as the Tianjin University of Finance and Economics （天津財經大學） ） , majoring in accounting, in 1991. She is one of the promoters of the Company and had been working for the Company as an accountant and deputy general manager in the account department since December 1998. She was appointed as a deputy general manager of the Company in 2001. She was appointed as an executive Director on 28 December 2001 and is responsible for making material decisions of the Company.

Mr. Sun Liangchuan （孫良傳） , aged 48, is an executive Director. He joined Binhai Gas Group in August 2012 and has undertaken various positions. Among others, he served as the deputy chief engineer and minister of planning and construction from August 2012 to November 2015, as the assistant to the general manager from November 2015  to  April  2018,  and  has  been  appointed  as  the  deputy  general  manager  since  April  2018.  He  obtained  a bachelor's degree of Urban Gas Engineering from Tianjin Chengjian University （天津城建大學 ,  formerly known as Tianjin Institute of Urban Construction 天津城市建設學院） in  July  1996. He has been conferred the qualification of  senior  engineer by the Engineering Technology and Civil Engineering Professional Evaluation Committee of the Tianjin  Municipal  Personnel  Bureau （天津市人事局工程技術土建專業審評委） since  December  2007.  He  was appointed as the general manager of the Company on 22 May 2020, and was appointed as an executive Director on 29 June 2020 and he is an authorised representative of the Company under the Listing Rules.

## DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Non-executive Directors

Ms. Wu Fang （吳芳） ,  aged  46,  is  a  non-executive  Director.  She  has  been  qualified  as  a  senior  politic  officer （高 級政工師） in  China. Ms. Wu graduated in Tianjin Chengjian University （天津城建大學） in  China in January 2016, majoring in construction environment and equipment engineering. Ms. Wu has over 20 years of working experience. She joined Tianjin Gas First Sales Branch Company in 2002. She served various roles within the Tianjin Gas group from January 2002 to December 2014, and was (among others) the head of the working department of the party committee, company league secretary, customers center officer and secretary of the institutional party committee branch of the Tianjin Gas Third Sales Branch Company by December 2014. Since December 2014, Ms. Wu has been serving in Jinran China Resources at different positions such as a deputy head of the organisation department (in charge), officer of the female staff committee. She currently is a vice-chairperson of the labour union, the head of organisation department and of the united front work department of the party committee, manager of the human resources department, and chairperson of the institutional union of Jinran China Resources. Ms. Wu was appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from 1 August 2022. She is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.

Ms. Guan Na （關娜） ,  aged  44,  is  a  non-executive  Director.  She  has  been  qualified  as  a  senior  politic  officer （高 級政工師） in  China.  Ms.  Guan  majored  in  English  for  foreign  trade  in  Tianjin  Economic  Technology  Development Vocational  School （天津市經濟技術開發職業中專） .  She  graduated  from  Nankai  University  (Night  University)  in China, majoring in English in July 2004. Ms. Guan joined Tianjin Gas First Sales Branch Company in October 1998, and has served at various positions in Tianjin Gas from October 1998 to May 2014. She was a deputy officer of the party committee office of Tianjin Gas by May 2014. She concurrently joined Jinran China Resources in May 2013 as a deputy officer of the party committee office of Jinran China Resources. Since then, she has been serving at different  positions  in  Jinran  China  Resources,  among  others,  deputy  league  secretary  (in  charge),  deputy  head (in charge) of armed department of the party committee, secretary of the committee of the institution first branch, officer  of  the  party  committee  office.  She  has  been  the  officer  of  the  general  manager  office  of  Jinran  China Resources since October 2021. Ms. Guan was appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from 1 August 2022.

Mr.  Zhang  Jinghan （張鏡涵） ,  aged  36,  is  a  non-executive  Director.    He  has  been  qualified  as  an  economist (Specialty: Business management) in China. He studied in Northeast Normal University in China in 2009, majoring in  international  polities,  and  obtained  a  master's  degree  in  laws  from  Tianjin  Normal  University  in  June  2012, majoring in international politics.  Mr.  Zhang joined Tianjin Thermal Power Co. Ltd. （天津市津燃熱電有限公司） in July 2012, and was seconded to Tianjin Gas as the general manager office secretary, and he continued to acted in  such  position  up  to  December 2012 after official joining Tianjin Gas in October 2012. He joined Jinran China Resources in December 2012. He served as the general manager officer secretary from December 2012 to July 2019, and became the temporary person-in-charge of the general manager office in July 2019. He subsequently held the position as a deputy head (in charge) of the general manager office from August 2020 to October 2021. He  joined  the  strategic  planning  department  of  Jinran  China  Resources  as  its  deputy  manager  (in  charge)  in October 2021, and is now the manager of the department. Mr. Zhang was appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from 1 August 2022.

## DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr.  Zhang  Ying  Hua （張英華） ,  aged  73,  is  an  independent  non-executive  Director.  Mr.  Zhang  graduated  from Tianjin  University  of  Finance  and  Economics （天津財經大學） ('TUFE'),  majoring  in  the  industrial  management, in 1977. He obtained a master degree of Business Administration from the Oklahoma City University in 2001. He had been the deputy dean of the Faculty of Business, the head secretary general of the Communist Party of the Department of Corporate Management of TUFE from 2004 to 2007, and was the dean of the Faculty of Business of  TUFE  from  2007  and  until  2010.  Since  then,  Mr.  Zhang  has  been  a  professor  and  doctoral  advisor  of  the Department of Corporate Management of the Faculty of Business of TUFE, the dean of the Management Faculty and head of the management department of Zhujiang Management College （珠江學院） of TUFE. He was awarded special subsidy by the State Council in 2009 to reward his contribution to the development of the study of society sciences to the PRC. He was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 16 June 2015. He is also a member of each of the Audit Committee and Nomination Committee of the Company, and the chairman of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.

Mr. Yu Jian Jun （玉建軍） ,  aged 59, is an independent non-executive Director. Mr. Yu graduated from the School of  Architecture  of  Tianjin  University  (now  known  as  Tianjin  Chengjian  University （天津城建大學） ） ,  majoring  in gas engineering, in 1986. Mr. Yu is a professor and master advisor. He currently serves as a deputy head of the Department of Environment and Equipment, Faculty of Energy and Safety Engineering, Tianjin Chengjian University. He is a member of the China City Gas Society （中國城市燃氣學會） and a member of its Technology Committee. Mr. Yu is the deputy head of the City Construction Committee of Tianjin Democratic Construction Association （天津 民主建國會城建委員會） ,  and  an  expert  appointed  by  the  Planning  Office  of  Tianjin  City* （天津市建設管理委員 會） . He was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 16 June 2015. He is also a member of each of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Company.

Mr.  Guo  Jia  Li （郭家利） ,  aged  65,  is  an  independent  non-executive  Director.  Mr.  Guo  graduated  from  TUFE, majoring in Accounting, in August 1984. Mr. Guo was the project manager of Tianjin Accounting Firm （天津會計師 事務所） from September 1984 to May 1995 and was the project manager of Tianjin Binhai Accounting Firm （天津 濱海會計師事務所） from May 1995 to May 1996. He was the deputy chief accountant of Tianjin Jiwei Accounting Firm （天津吉威會計師事務所） from  May  1996  to  March  1997  and  the  chief  accountant  of  Tianjin  Licheng Accounting  Firm （天津利成會計師事務所） from  March  1997  to  January  2001.  He  served  as  chief  accountant of  the  Tianjin  branch  of  RSM  Nelson  Wheeler （中瑞岳華會計師事務所） from  January  2001  to  November  2011. From  November  2011  to  October  2020,  Mr.  Guo  was  a  partner  of  Tianjin  branch  of  Shinewing  Certified  Public Accountants （信永中和會計師事務所） (Special  Ordinary  Partnership).  He  has  retired  from  the  partnership  and ceased to be the partner since October 2020. He was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 16 June 2015. He is also the chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company, and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.

## DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## SUPERVISORS

The Company has established a supervisory  committee  (the  'Supervisory  Committee')  whose  primary  duty  is  to supervise the discharge of the duties of the senior management of the Company, including the Board, managers and  senior  officers.  The  function  of  the  Supervisory  Committee  is  to  ensure  that  the  senior  management  of  the Company acts in the interests of the Company, its Shareholders and employees and does not perform acts which violate PRC laws or the Articles. The Supervisory Committee reports to the Shareholders in general meetings. The Articles  provides  the  Supervisory  Committee  with  the  right  to  investigate  the  Company's  financial  affairs,  to  carry out supervision to ensure that the Directors, managers and other senior management personnel of the Company do  not  act  in  contravention  of  any  laws,  administrative  regulations  or  the  Articles  in  the  performance  of  their duties, to request that any activities harmful to the interests of the Company or the Directors, managers or other senior management of the Company be corrected, to propose the convening of extraordinary general meetings of Shareholders; to exercise other powers of office stipulated in the Articles, and in appropriate cases, to appoint on behalf of the Company solicitors, certified public accountants or certified practicing auditors to provide assistance when the Supervisory Committee exercise its power.

The Supervisory Committee currently comprises of five supervisors. The members of the Supervisory Committee as at the date of this report are:

## Shareholders' Representative Supervisor

Mr.  Xu  Peng （徐鵬） ,  aged  46,  is  the  Shareholders'  representative  supervisor  of  the  Company.  Mr.  Xu  graduated from  Nankai  University  in  China  in  July  2000,  majoring  in  accounting  (correspondence  education).  Mr.  Xu  is qualified as a senior accountant (Specialty: Corporate accounting), a certified public accountant and a certified tax agent in China. Mr. Xu has been a deputy finance director and the manager of the finance department of Jinran China  Resources  since  December  2019.  Mr.  Xu  joined  Zhengzhou  Gas  Company （鄭州燃氣公司） as  a  finance staff of the labour union and technical association of Zhengzhou Gas Company in August 1995. He served as an accountant of the finance department of the labour union of Zhengzhou Gas Group （鄭州燃氣集團） and financial person-in-charge  of  Zhengzhou  Gas  Corporate  Planning  Company （鄭燃企業策劃公司） ,  then  an  accountant  of the  finance  and  investment  department  and  person-in-charge  of  the  settlement  center  of  Zhengzhou  Gas  Group and subsequently a deputy head of the finance and investment department of Zhengzhou Gas Group Company, Ltd.  consecutively between January 2000 to June 2007. From June 2007 to May 2011, he was the head of the finance  and  investment  department  of  Nanyang  Zhengran  Gas  Co.,  Ltd. （南陽鄭燃燃氣有限公司） .  Mr.  Xu  later served  as  a  manager  of  the  planning  and  finance  department  of  China  Resources  Gas  (Zhengzhou)  Municipal Design &amp; Research Institute Co., Ltd. （華潤燃氣（鄭州） 市政設計研究院有限公司） from June 2011 to May 2013. He was the financial controller of Datong China Resources Gas Co. Ltd. （大同華潤燃氣有限公司） from June 2013 to September 2016, and the financial controller of Anyang China Resources Gas Co. Ltd. （安陽華潤燃氣有限公司） from September 2016 to December 2019. Mr. Xu was appointed as a Supervisor with effect from 1 August 2022.

## DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Independent Supervisors

Ms. Xu Hui （許暉） , aged 56, is an independent Supervisor. Ms. Xu has obtained a doctoral degree in Management in  Nankai  University  in  June  2002  and  is  a  professor  and  postdoctoral  fellow  in  the  Project  Management Postdoctoral Research Workshop （管理工程博士後研究工作站） of  Tianjin  University.  From January 1997, Ms. Xu has been teaching in the Department of Marketing, Faculty of Business, Nankai University. She is a member of the China Association of International Trade （中國國際貿易學會） and the Tianjin Association of International Trade （天 津市國際貿易學會） . She was appointed as an independent Supervisor on 16 June 2015.

Mr.  Liu  Zhi  Yuan （劉志遠） ,  aged  59,  is  an  independent  Supervisor.  Mr.  Liu  graduated  from  Qinghai  Normal University （青海師範大學） (formerly known as of Qinghai Normal College* （青海師範學院） ） ,  majoring in physics, in  1982.  He  obtained  master  and  doctorate  degree  in  Business  Administration  from  Nankai  University （南開大 學） in 1987 and 1994 respectively. Since June 1987, Mr. Liu has been working in the Faculty of Business, Nankai University and he was a deputy dean of the Faculty from 1997 to 2005. He currently serves as an independent director  of  Shanxi  Huayang  Group  New  Energy  Co.,  Ltd. （山西華陽集團新能股份有限公司） (SH  Stock  Code: 600348) whose shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (the 'SSE'). Mr. Liu also currently serves as an  independent  director  of  Tianjin  Jinbin  Development  Co.,  Ltd. （天津津濱發展股份有限公司） (SZ  Stock  Code: 000897), and Henan Carve Electronics Technology Co., Ltd. （河南凱旺電子科技股份有限公司） (SZ  Stock Code: 301182)  whose  shares  are  listed  on  the  Shenzhen  Stock  Exchange  (the  'SZSE').  Previously,  Mr.  Liu  served  as an  independent  executive  director  of  Shanghai  Fudan  Forward  Science  &amp;  Technology  Company  Limited （上海復 旦復華科技股份有限公司） (SSE Stock Code: 600624) from 30 June 2009 to 27 October 2015; an independent director  of  Luxshare  Precision  Industry  Co.,  Ltd. （立訊精密工業股份有限公司） (SZSE Stock Code: 002475) from 22 February 2009 to 17 April 2015; and was an independent director of Tianjin Motor Dies Co., Ltd. （天津汽車模具 股份有限公司） (SZSE Stock Code: 002510), an independent non-executive director of Zhejiang China Commodities City  Group  Co.,  Ltd. （浙江中國小商品城集團股份有限公司） (SSE  Stock  Code:  600415)  and  an  independent director  of  Tianjin  Realty  Development  (Group)  Co.,  Ltd.  (SSE  Stock  Code:  600322).  He  was  appointed  as  a Supervisor on 22 June 2016.

## Staff Representative Supervisors

Ms. You Hui Yan （游惠燕） ,  aged 40, is a staff representative Supervisor. She graduated from Hebei University of Technology majoring in communications engineering in 2006 and obtained a master's degree in accounting from Nankai University in 2015. Since 2006, she has worked for Tianjin Jinneng Battery Technology Co., Ltd. （天津市津 能電池科技有限公司） and Tianjin Liquefied Natural Gas Co., Ltd. （天津液化天然氣有限責任公司） .  Ms.  You  has been working in the Internal Audit Department of the Company since May 2017. She was appointed as a Supervisor on 26 June 2018.

Ms. Zhang Tingting （張婷婷） , aged 32, is a staff representative Supervisor. She graduated with a bachelor's degree in  laws  in  Nankai  University （南開大學） ,  the  PRC  in  June  2013.  She  received  a  master's  degree  in  laws  from Nankai University （南開大學） , the PRC in June 2016. She received the certificate of legal professional qualification issued  by  the  Ministry  of  Justice,  the  PRC （中華人民共和國司法部） in  August  2013,  and  was  qualified  as  a corporate  lawyer  by  the  Ministry  of  Justice,  the  PRC （中華人民共和國司法部） in  November  2017.  Ms.  Zhang has been the deputy department head (in charge) of the securities and legal department of the Company since September  2020.  She  joined  the  securities  and  legal  department  of  the  Company  in  July  2016  and  was  the temporary responsible person of such department from December 2018 to September 2020. She was appointed as a Supervisor on 25 June 2021.

## DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr.  Lau  Kwok  Yin （劉國賢） ,  aged  37,  is  an  assistant  vice  president  of  SWCS  Corporate  Services  Group  (Hong Kong)  Limited  (formerly  known  as  SW  Corporate  Services  Group  Limited).  He  has  over  10  years'  experience  in corporate  secretarial  services,  finance  and  banking  operations.  He  holds  a  Bachelor  of  Business  Administration degree in Accounting and Finance from The University of Hong Kong, and is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of  Certified  Public  Accountants  and  a  Chartered  Financial  Analyst  charterholder,  and  a  fellow  of  the  Chartered Governance  Institute  and  the  Hong  Kong  Chartered  Governance  Institute.  He  was  appointed  as  the  company secretary of the Company on 24 May 2018 and he is an authorised representative of the Company under the Listing Rules.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Liu Xing Hua （劉興華） ,  aged 39, has been a deputy general manager of the Company since 19 April 2018. He  graduated  from  Tianjin  University  of  Science  and  Technology  in  2006,  majoring  in  industrial  design  and international  economics  and  trade.  From  October  2008  to  November  2015,  Mr.  Liu  had  acted  as  the  deputy secretary and deputy manager of the CPC branch in Binhai Gas Group (a subsidiary of Tianjin Gas) and one of its subsidiaries. Since November 2015, he has served as the assistant to general Manager in Binhai Gas Group.

Ms. Yan Ying （閻英） ,  aged  51,  is  a  deputy  general  manager  of  the  Company  since  9  November  2022.  She  has more  than  25  years  of  working  experience  with  companies  in  the  energy  business,  including  serving  in  Tianjin Gas Group Company Limited from July 1995 to April 2012, and Tianjin Reli Power Co., Ltd. from April 2012 to September 2018. She joined Tianjin Zhongyuan Natural Gas Engineering Co., Ltd. in September 2018, and was the deputy secretary of its party committee and chairperson of its staff union prior to joining the Group in November 2022.  Ms.  Yan  is  qualified  as  a  senior  politic  officer  in  China.  She  graduated  from  Nankai  University  branch, with a bachelor of science in July 1995. She further completed the in-service postgraduate course in economics (economic management) at the Party School of the Central  Committee  of  the  Communist  Party  of  China  in  July 2012.

Ms. Du Bing （杜冰） , aged 38, is the financial controller of the Company since 15 September 2021. She graduated from Tianjin University of Finance and Economics （天津財經大學） in 2009, majoring in accounting. From October 2009  to  July  2011,  Ms.  Du  was  an  auditor  at  the  audit  department  of  the  Tianjin  branch  of  Deloitte  Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants Limited. From July 2011 to September 2012, she was a Finance Manager of  the  Finance  Department  of  Tianjin  TEDA  International  Hotel  Group  Company  Limited （天津泰達國際酒店集 團有限公司） .  From September 2012 to December 2014, she served as a Fixed Assets Specialist of the Finance Department of Tianjin Jinan Thermal Power Company Limited （天津市津安熱電有限公司） . From December 2014 to May 2015, she was an employee of the Heating Integration Working Group of Tianjin Energy. Subsequently from May 2015 to March 2017, Ms. Du was an employee of the Finance Department of Tianjin Energy. From March 2017 to November 2017, Ms. Du served as an Assistant Director of the Accounting Service Centre of Tianjin Energy. Subsequently from November 2017 to September 2020, she presided over work as a Deputy Director of the Internal Audit and Auditing Department of Tianjin Energy Group Finance Company Limited （天津能源集團財務有限公司 , 'Tianjin  Energy  Finance'). From September 2020 to July 2021, she served as the Manager of the Planning and Finance Department of Tianjin Energy Finance. Since July 2021, she has been serving as the Chief Accountant of the Leadership Team at Tianjin Chengan Thermal Power Company Limited （天津市城安熱電有限公司） .

Please  also  refer  to  Directors'  Report  and  the  Corporate  Governance  Report,  including  the  paragraphs  headed 'Directors',  Chief  Executive's  and  Supervisors  Interests  in  Securities',  and  'Directors'  and  Supervisors'  Service Contracts ' in the Directors' Report for further information with respect to the Directors and Supervisors.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Company recognises the value and importance of achieving high corporate governance standards to enhance corporate performance, transparency and accountability, earning the confidence of Shareholders and the public. The  Board  strives  to  adhere  to  the  principles  of  corporate  governance  of  the  Corporate  Governance  Code  (the 'Code')  in  Appendix  14  to  the  Listing  Rules,  and  adopt  sound  corporate  governance  practices  based  on  the Company's individuality to meet the legal and commercial standards by focusing on areas such as internal control, fair disclosure and accountability to all Shareholders. The Company's corporate governance practices are based on the code provisions as set out in the Code.

The Company has complied with all applicable code provisions set out in the Code in force during the Year.

Details of the Company's corporate governance are summarised below.

## The Board

## Roles of Directors

The  Board  assumes  responsibility  for  leadership  and  control  of  the  Company  and  is  collectively  responsible  for appointing  and  supervising  senior  management  to  ensure  that  the  operations  of  the  Group  are  conducted  in accordance with the objectives of the Group. The principal roles of the Board are:

- to lay down the Group's objectives, strategies, policies and business plan;
- to monitor and control operating and financial performance through the determination of the annual budget; and
- to set appropriate policies to manage risks in pursuit of the Group's strategic objectives.

The Board is directly accountable to the Shareholders and is responsible for preparing the accounts.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board has delegated the day-to-day management responsibility to the management staff under the instruction/ supervision  of  the  general  manager  of  the  Company  and  various  Board  committees.  All  Board  members  have separate  and  independent  access  to  the  Company's  management  to  fulfill  their  duties,  and  upon  reasonable request, to seek independent professional advice under appropriate circumstances and at the Company's expenses. The  Board  reserves  for  its  decision  all  major  matters  relating  to  policy  matters,  strategies  and  budgets,  internal control  and  risk  management,  material  transactions  (in  particular  those  that  may  involve  conflict  of  interests), approval of financial results and budget, setting dividend policy, matters relating to the Company's share capital, appointment of Directors and other significant operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities relating to dayto-day operation, implementing decisions of the Board, are delegated to the management. The management reports to, and is accountable to, the Board.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Board  maintained  a  high  level  of  independence,  with  one-third  of  the  Board comprising  independent  non-executive  Directors,  who  had  exercised  independent  judgments.  The  independent non-executive  Directors  are  expressly  identified  in  all  corporate  communications  whenever  the  names  of  the Directors are disclosed.

## Board of Directors

## Composition of the Board

As  at  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Board  consists  of  nine  members,  comprising  three  executive  Directors  namely Mr.  Chen  Tao  (Chairman  of  the  Board),  Ms.  Tang  Jie  and  Mr.  Sun  Liangchuan,  three  non-executive  Directors namely Ms. Wu Fang, Ms. Guan Na and Mr. Zhang Jinghan, and three independent non-executive Directors namely Mr. Zhang Ying Hua, Mr. Yu Jian Jun and Mr. Guo Jia Li. Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed 'Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management' of this annual report.

The composition of the Board is well balanced. Each of the Directors has relevant expertise and extensive corporate and strategic planning experiences that may contribute to the business of the Group. The Company has complied with the requirements under Rules 3.10(1) and (2), and 3.10A of the Listing Rules for the Year. All independent non-executive Directors also meet the guidelines for assessment of their independence as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

During  the  Year,  the  Board  maintained  a  high  level  of  independence,  with  one-third  of  the  Board  comprising independent non-executive Directors, who had exercised independent judgments.

Save  as  disclosed  in  this  annual  report,  including  in  the  section  headed  'Directors,  Supervisors  and  Senior Management' and the paragraph headed 'Competing Interests' in the Directors' Report, no Directors (including the Chairman), Supervisors and senior management have any financial, business, family or other material/relevant relations among one another.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Each of the non-executive Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors) has entered into a letter of  appointment with the Company for a term of three years commencing from their appointment date (or for the independent non-executive Directors, from 25 June 2021). Please also refer to the paragraph headed 'Directors' and  Supervisors'  Service  Contracts'  in  the  section  headed  'Directors'  Report'  in  this  annual  report  for  further details.

## Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

As at the date of this report, Mr. Chen Tao serves as the Chairman of the Board. The Company does not have a chief  executive  officer.  The  General  Manager  (currently  Mr.  Sun  Liangchuan,  an  executive  Director)  acts  as  the leading officer of the Group in executing the business and other policies and strategies laid down by the Board.

## Appointment, re-election and removal of Directors

The  Company  has  established  the  Nomination  Committee,  who  from  time  to  time  identified  individuals  suitably qualified to become Board members and make recommendations to the Board.

The Board has adopted its board diversity  policy  (the  'Board  Diversity  Policy').  Such  policy  aims  to  set  out  the approach to achieve diversity on the Board. All Board appointments shall be based on meritocracy, and candidates shall be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Selection of  candidates  shall  be  based  on  a  range  of  diversity  perspectives,  including  but  not  limited  to,  gender,  age, cultural  and  educational  background,  ethnicity,  professional  experience,  skills,  knowledge  and  length  of  service. The  ultimate  decision  shall  be  based  on  merit  and  contribution  that  the  selected  candidates  shall  bring  to  the Board.  The  Nomination  Committee  monitors,  from  time  to  time,  the  implementation  of  the  policy,  and  reviews, as  appropriate,  the  policy  to  ensure  the  effectiveness  of  the  policy.  The  Nomination  Committee  will  continue  to give  adequate  consideration  to  these  measurable  objectives  when  making  recommendations  of  candidates  for appointment to the Board.

The  Board  comprises  nine  Directors,  with  three  executive  Directors,  three  non-executive  Directors  and  three independent  non-executive  Directors.  As  of  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Board  comprises  both  male  and  female (six  male  and  three  female),  providing  the  Board  with  a  direct  and  diversified  channel  of  the  opinion  of  both genders.  The  Directors  believe  that  the  composition  of  the  Board  reflects  a  balance  of  skills,  experience  and expertise  appropriate  for  the  requirements  of  the  Company's  business  development  and  for  effective  leadership. All  the  executive  Directors  possess  extensive  experience  in  the  Company's  industry  while  the  non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) possess professional knowledge and broad experience in diversified areas including the energy industry, business management and investment, finance and accounting, and cover different age group. The Directors are of the opinion that Board diversity (including gender diversity) has been achieved, and the present structure of the Board can ensure the independence and objectivity of the Board and provide a system of checks and balances.

The Board will continue to maintain Board diversity (including gender diversity), and maintain at least one female representation to ensure the opinions from different gender are well represented. If the Board determines that an additional or replacement Director is required, the Company will deploy multiple channels for identifying suitable director candidates, including without limitation, referral from Directors, shareholders, management, advisors of the Company, with regarding to the range of diversity perspectives set forth in the Board Diversity Policy.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Nomination Committee had reviewed the diversity of the Board during the year ended 31 December 2022 and will review the Board Diversity Policy from time to time to ensure that the policy is implemented effectively.

The  Company  has  also  adopted  a  Directors  nomination  policy  in  compliance  with  the  Code,  which  establishes written guidelines for the Nomination Committee to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and make recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships with reference to the formulated criteria. The Board is ultimately responsible for selection and appointment of new Directors.

The Board, through the delegation of its authority to the Nomination Committee, has used its best efforts to ensure that  Directors  appointed  to  the  Board  possess  the  relevant  background,  experience  and  knowledge  in  business, finance  and  management  skills  critical  to  the  Group's  business  to  enable  the  Board  to  make  sound  and  well considered decisions. Collectively, they have competencies in areas which are relevant and valuable to the Group.

## Nomination Process

The Nomination Committee shall assess whether any vacancy on the Board has been created or is expected on a regular basis or as required.

The Nomination Committee utilises various methods for identifying Director candidates, including recommendations from Board members, management, and professional search firms. All Director candidates, including incumbents and  candidates  nominated  by  Shareholders'  are  evaluated  by  the  Nomination  Committee  based  upon  the candidates'  qualifications  and  relative  merits.  Director  candidates  will  be  evaluated  on  the  same  criteria  through review of resume, personal interview and performance of background checks. The Nomination Committee retains the discretion to establish the relative weighting of such criteria, which may vary based on the composition, skill sets, age, gender and experiences of the collective Board rather than on the individual candidate for the purpose of diversity perspectives appropriate to the requirement of the Company's business.

## Selection Criteria

The  Nomination  Committee  will  take  into  account  the  Board  Diversity  Policy  (which  would  include  but  not  be limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of  service)  and  whether  a  candidate  has  the  qualifications,  skills,  experience  and  gender  diversity  that  add  to and complement the range of skills, experience and background of existing Directors by considering the highest personal  and  professional  ethics  and  integrity  of  the  Director  candidates,  proven  achievement  and  competence in  the  nominee's  field  and  the  ability  to  exercise  sound  business  judgment,  skills  that  are  complementary  to those  of  the  existing  Board,  the  ability  to  assist  and  support  management  and  make  significant  contributions  to the Company's success and such other factors as it may deem are in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders. The Board shall review and reassess the nomination policy and its effectiveness on a regular basis or as required.

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract, non-executive Director and independent nonexecutive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company. Please also refer to the paragraph headed  'Directors'  and  Supervisors'  Service  Contracts'  in  the  section  headed  'Directors'  Report'  in  this  annual report  for  further  details.  All  the  service  contracts  entered  into  between  the  Company  and  Directors  may  be terminated by either party by giving at least three months' written notice.

Every Director is subject to re-election on change of session of the Board in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations of the PRC.

## Board Meetings and Procedures

The proceedings of the Board are well defined and follow all the code provisions of the Code.

Board members were provided with complete, adequate and timely information to allow them to fulfill their duties properly. In compliance with code provision C.5.3 of the Code, during the Reporting Period, at least 14 days' notice has been given for any regular Board meeting to give all Directors an opportunity to attend. Notice, agenda and Board papers of regular Board meetings are sent to all Directors within reasonable time and at least three days prior to the meetings.

All Directors also have access to the Company Secretary who is responsible for ensuring that the Board procedures are  followed  and  advising  the  Board  on  compliance  matters.  Meeting  agenda  accompanied  by  relevant  Board/ committee papers are distributed to the Directors/committee members with reasonable notice in advance of a Board meeting.  Minutes  of  Board  meetings  and  meetings  of  Board  committees,  which  recorded  in  sufficient  detail  the matters considered and decisions reached thereat, including any concerns raised or dissenting views expressed by any Director, are kept by the Company Secretary and open for inspection by the Directors.

Regular  Board  meetings  are  held  normally  every  three  months,  with  additional  meetings  arranged,  if  and  when required. 17 Board meetings were held in 2022. Individual attendance records are set out below.

## Board Meetings and General Meetings Attendance

| Board meetings  General meetings  attended  attended  during the Year  during the Year  Executive Directors  Chen Tao*  5/7  0/1  Tang Jie  5/7  3/3  Sun Liangchuan  17/17  3/3  Zhao Wei #  10/10  2/2  Non-executive Directors  Wu Fang*  5/7  0/1  Guan Na*  5/7  0/1  Zhang Jinghan*  5/7  0/1  Hou Shuang Jiang #  6/10  0/2  Zhao Heng Hai #  6/10  0/2  Hou Yuling #  10/10  0/2  Independent Non-executive Directors  Zhang Ying Hua  17/17  1/3  Yu Jian Jun  17/17  0/3  Guo Jia Li  17/17  1/3   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- Notes: Reference  to  general  meetings  include  class  meeting  of  holders  of  domestic  shares  and  class  meeting  of  holders  of H shares convened and held during the Year. A total of 3 general meetings were held during the Year.
*  Mr. Chen Tao, Ms. Wu Fang, Ms. Guan Na and Mr. Zhang Jinghan became Directors with effect from 1 August 2022. During their tenure, 7 Board meetings and 1 general meeting were held.
- #   Mr. Zhao Wei, Mr. Hou Shuang Jiang, Mr. Zhao Heng Hai and Ms. Hou Yuling ceased to be Directors with effect from 1 August 2022. During their tenure, 10 Board meetings and 2 general meetings were held.

During  the  Year,  each  of  Mr.  Hou  Shuang  Jiang  and  Mr.  Zhao  Heng  Hai  abstained  from  4  Board  meetings,  and  each of  Mr.  Cheng Tao, Ms. Wu Fang, Ms. Guan Na and Mr. Zhang Jianhan abstained from 2 Board meetings, respectively, relating to certain connected transactions of the Company pursuant to the Articles of Association and/or good corporate governance practice.

Certain  Directors  were  not  able  to  attend  the  general  meetings  held  in  2022  due  to  their  unavoidable  business engagements.

During 2022, the Board has addressed the following major issues, among other things:

1. maintaining and promoting the culture of the Company;
2. formulation of long-term strategy;
3. approving public announcements, including financial statements;
4. approving annual budgets;
5. reviewing operational and financial performance;
6. considering connected transactions proposed to be entered into;
7. reviewing  the  effectiveness  of  the  Group's  risk  management  (including  ESG  risks)  and  internal  control systems;
8. passing the resolution in respect of determining the annual remuneration of the senior management;
9. approving the amendments to the articles of association of the Company; and
10. approving  appointments  to  the  Board,  subject  to  the  approval  by  the  Shareholders,  and  appointments  of member of senior management.

Directors  are  free  to  contribute  alternative  views  at  meetings  and  major  decisions  would  only  be  taken  after deliberation at Board meetings. Directors who are considered having conflict of interests or material interests in the proposed transactions or issues to be discussed would not be counted in the quorum of meeting and would abstain from voting on the relevant resolution.

## Directors' Duties

Every Director is kept abreast of his/her responsibilities as a director of the Company and of the conduct, business activities and development of the Company:

- A comprehensive director's handbook is issued to every Director, which sets out guidelines on conduct by making reference to the relevant sections of the statutes or the Listing Rules, and remind Directors of their responsibilities  in  making disclosure of their interests and potential conflict of interests. Directors are also provided with updates, materials and/or training on the latest development and trend related to the Listing Rules and other rules and regulations relevant to the Company.
- Orientation programmes are organised for providing induction to new Directors to help them familiarise with the management, business and governance practices of the Company.
- Management provides appropriate and sufficient information to Directors and the committee members in a timely manner to keep them apprised of the latest development of the Group and enable them to discharge their  responsibilities.  Directors  also  have  independent  and  unrestricted  access  to  senior  executives  of  the Company.

## Corporate Governance Functions

The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the Code. As at the date of this report, the Board has reviewed and monitored: (a) the Company's corporate governance policies and practices; (b) training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management; (c) the Company's policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (d) the Company's code of conduct; and (e) the Company's compliance with the Code disclosures requirements.

## Conduct on Securities Transactions

The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors and Supervisors on terms  no  less  exacting  than  the  required  standard  of  dealings  as  referred  to  in  the  Model  Code  for  Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the 'Model Code') set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules.

The  Company,  having  made  specific  enquiries  to  its  Directors  and  Supervisors,  confirms  that,  throughout  the Period, all Directors and Supervisors complied with the Model Code.

## Independence of Independent Non-executive Directors

The Company has received from each of the existing independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of  their  independence  pursuant  to  Rule  3.13  of  the  Listing  Rules.  Having  considered  that  the  independent  nonexecutive  Directors  continue  to  provide  a  balanced  and  independent  view  to  the  Board  and  play  a  vital  role  in the  Board committees, and bring independent as well as constructive comments on the Group's strategy, policy, performance and activities, and that there are no circumstance which would materially interfere with their exercise of independent judgement, with reference to the above annual confirmations, the Company considers that all of the independent non-executive Directors are independent in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Directors' Induction and Continuous Professional Development

Directors  receive  comprehensive,  formal  training  upon  their  appointments  to  ensure  they  have  a  proper understanding of the businesses and development of the Group and that they are fully aware of their responsibilities under statutes, laws, rules and regulations, the Listing Rules, applicable legal and other regulatory requirements and the business and governance policies of the Company.

Directors  recognise  the  importance  to  participate  in  continuous  professional  development  to  develop  and  refresh their knowledge and skills, and to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. The Company also updates the Directors on the latest development regarding the current trend and issues faced by the Group, the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements from time to time, to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance practices.

During the Year, the Directors regularly updated and refreshed their knowledge and skills through various means including but not limited to attending management briefings, trainings, seminars, giving speech or attending other professional development like reading articles, researches, journals and legal and regulatory updates provided by the Company. In addition, all Directors have been given guideline materials regarding duties, roles and functions of directors of listed companies. The Company has received confirmation from all Directors in respect of their training records for the year ended 31 December 2022. According to the records provided by the Directors, a summary of training received by the Directors during the Year is as follows:

| Attended trainings  session and  reading materials  Executive Directors  Chen Tao*  ✓  Tang Jie  ✓  Sun Liangchuan  ✓  Zhao Wei #  ✓  Non-executive Directors  Wu Fang*  ✓  Guan Na*  ✓  Zhang Jinghan*  ✓  Hou Shuang Jiang #  ✓  Zhao Heng Hai #  ✓  Hou Yuling #  ✓  Independent Non-executive Directors  Zhang Ying Hua  ✓  Yu Jian Jun  ✓  Guo Jia Li  ✓   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  Mr. Chen Tao, Ms. Wu Fang, Ms. Guan Na and Mr. Zhang Jinghan became Directors with effect from 1 August 2022.

#   Mr. Zhao Wei, Mr. Hou Shuang Jiang, Mr. Zhao Heng Hai and Ms. Hou Yuling ceased to be Directors with effect from 1 August 2022.

## Board Committees

The Board is supported by three committees as at the date of this report, namely the Remuneration Committee, Nomination  Committee  and  Audit  Committee.  Each  of  them  has  defined  terms  of  reference  covering  its  duties, powers and functions.

The Board and the committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties including, retention of outside advisers, if necessary, at the cost of the Company, to provide advice on any specific matter.

The Nomination Committee whose members comprise of an executive Director and non-executive Directors, other Board Committees members comprise of only non-executive Directors. The chairmen of the respective committees report regularly to the Board, and, as appropriate, make recommendations on matters discussed. The governance structure and meetings attendance record of the Board Committees are set out below.

| Major roles and functions  Composition  during the Year  Attendance  in the Year  Audit Committee  •  To make recommendation to  the Board on the appointment,  reappointment and removal of  external auditor  •  To review and monitor the external  auditor's independence and  objectivity and the effectiveness of  the audit process in accordance with  applicable standards  •  To develop and implement policy  on the engagement of an external  auditor to supply non-audit services  and monitor the integrity of financial  statements of the Company and  the Company's annual report and  accounts, half-year report and  significant financial reporting  judgments contained in them  •  To oversee the Company's financial  reporting system, risk management  and internal control systems  •  To review the Company's financial  results (including its annual and  interim results)  Guo Jia Li (Chairman)  (independent non-  executive Director)  Zhang Ying Hua  (independent non-  executive Director)  Yu Jian Jun  (independent non-  executive Director)  100%  100%  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total number of meetings held in 2022: 2

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Major roles and functions  Composition  during the Year  Attendance  in the Year  Remuneration  Committee  •  To consult the chairman of the Board  about their remuneration proposals for  other executive Directors  •  To make recommendation to  the Board on the Company's  remuneration policy and structure for  all Directors' and senior management  and on the establishment of a formal  and transparent procedure for  developing remuneration policy  •  To review and approve the  management's remuneration  proposals with reference to the  Board's corporate goals and  objectives  •  To determine, with delegated  responsibility, the remuneration  packages of individual executive  Directors and senior management  (model E.1.2(c)(i) under the Code)  - To make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors  Zhang Ying Hua  (Chairman)  (independent non-  executive Director)  Guo Jia Li  (independent non-  executive Director)  Wu Fang  (non-executive  Director)  (appointed on  1 August 2022)  Hou Shuang Jiang  (non-executive  Director)  (retired on  1 August 2022)  100%  100%  100%  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Major roles and functions  Composition  during the Year  Attendance  in the Year  - To consider salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and employment conditions elsewhere in the Group  - To review and approve the compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management of the Company for any loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive  - To review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and appropriate  - To ensure that no Director or any of his/ her associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total number of meetings held in 2022: 4 (including 2 meetings held before 1 August 2022)

Ms Wu Fang became a member of the Remuneration Committee, in place of Mr. Hou Shuang Jiang, with effect from 1 August 2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Major roles and functions  Composition  during the Year  Attendance  in the Year  Nomination  Committee  •  To review the structure, size,  composition (including the skills,  knowledge and experience) and  diversity (including without limitation,  gender, age, cultural and educational  background, ethnicity, professional  experience, skills, knowledge and  length of service) of the Board  on a regular basis and make  recommendations on any proposed  changes to the Board to complement  the Company's corporate strategy  •  To identify individuals suitably  qualified to become Board member  and assess the independence of  independent non-executive Directors  •  To make recommendations to the  Board on the appointment or re-  election of Directors and succession  planning for Directors  - To review the Board Diversity Policy and any measurable objectives for implementing the Board Diversity Policy as may be adopted by the Board from time to time and to review the progress on achieving the objectives, and to make disclosure of its review results in the annual report of the Company annually  Chen Tao (Chairman)  (executive Director)  (appointed on  1 August 2022)  Zhao Wei*  (executive Director)  (retired on  1 August 2022)  Zhang Ying Hua  (independent non-  executive Director)  Yu Jian Jun  (independent non-  executive Director)  100%  100%  100%  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total number of meetings held in 2022: 3 (including 2 meetings held before 1 August 2022)

*  Mr. Chen Tao became the chairman of the Nomination Committee, in place of Mr. Zhao Wei, with effect from 1 August 2022.

## Audit Committee

During the Year, the Audit Committee performed the major works as below:

1. reviewed the annual financial results and report for the year ended 31 December 2021 and interim financial results and report for the six months ended 30 June 2022;
2. reviewed the continuing connected transactions of the Company;
3. reviewed  the  internal  audit  department's  report  regarding  the  reviewing  and  procedures  of  the  internal control and risk management of the Company and reviewed the effectiveness of the Group's internal audit function;
4. reviewed  and  monitored  the  external  auditor's  independence  and  objectivity  and  the  effectiveness  of  the audit process;
5. considered and discussed the resignation and appointment of external auditors and made recommendations thereon to the Board and the terms of engagement of the external auditors, and
6. reviewed the terms of reference of the committee and whistleblowing policy of the Company.

The Audit Committee had also reviewed this annual report, and confirmed that this annual report complies with the applicable standard, the Listing Rules and other applicable legal requirements and that adequate disclosures have been made. There is no disagreement between the Directors and the Audit Committee regarding the selection and appointment of the external auditors.

## Remuneration Committee

During the Year, the Remuneration Committee performed the major works as below:

1. reviewed and discussed the remuneration policy and structure of the Company and the remuneration and performance of duties of the Directors and senior management in the Year;
2. determined the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management;
3. reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;
4. reviewed  and  confirmed  no  Directors  is  involved  in  deciding  his  own  remuneration,  no  compensation claimed  to  the  Company  by  Directors  and  senior  management  for  any  loss  or  termination  of  office or  appointment  and  no  compensation  arrangements  relating  to  dismissal  or  removal  of  Directors  for misconduct; and
5. approved the terms of executive Directors' service contracts.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Nomination Committee

During the Year, the Nomination Committee performed the major works as below:

1. examined the structure, size, composition and diversity (including without limitation, gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service) of the Board, and the implementation and objectives of the Board Diversity Policy, made recommendations on any proposed appointment and re-election to the Board to ensure the Directors have the expertise, skills and experience required to meet the Company's business strategy and visions;
2. made recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors; and
3. assessed the independence of all independent non-executive Directors.

## Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management

The remuneration of the Directors and Supervisors paid by the Group for the Year are set out in note XII.3 to the financial statements of this annual report.

The  remuneration  package  (such  as  directors'  fee,  performance  base  bonus,  benefits  and  pension  etc.,  if  any) of  individual  executive  Directors  and  senior  management  of  the  Company  is  determined  by  the  Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee also make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration of nonexecutive  Directors,  including  independent  non-executive  Directors.  Directors'  remuneration  is  determined  based on a variety of factors such as PRC market conditions, the market remuneration standard and actual circumstances of the Company, his/her respective qualifications and experience, and responsibilities assumed. For the Year, save as  Ms.  Tang  Jie,  Mr.  Guo  Jia  Li,  Mr.  Yu  Jian  Jun  and  Mr.  Zhang  Ying  Hua,  all  Directors  waived  their  directors' remuneration fee.

Details  of  remuneration  paid  to  members  of  senior  management  of  the  Company  during  the  Year  (including  1 executive Director, namely, Mr. Sun Liangchuan) by band are as follows:

Number of Individuals

## Company Secretary

Mr. Lau Kwok Yin, an assistant vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited has been appointed as the company secretary of the Company (the 'Company Secretary') on 24 May 2018. He has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the Year in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules in relation to the professional training requirements. The primary contact person of Mr. Lau Kwok Yin at the Company is Ms. Zhang Tingting, a Supervisor, and the deputy department head (in charge) of the securities and legal department of the Company.

The Company Secretary reports directly to the Board. All the Directors have easy access to the Company Secretary and  responsibility  of  the  Company  Secretary  is  to  ensure  the  Board  meetings  are  properly  held  and  are  in compliance  with  the  relevant  laws  and  regulations.  The  Company  Secretary  is  also  responsible  for  giving  advice with respect to the Directors' obligations on securities interest disclosure, disclosure requirements of discloseable transactions,  connected  transactions  and  inside  information.  The  Company  Secretary  shall  provide  advices  to the  Board  with  respect  to  strict  compliance  with  the  laws,  requirements  and  the  Articles  at  appropriate  times. As  the  Company's  principal  channel  of  communication  with  the  Stock  Exchange,  the  Company  Secretary  assists the Board in implementing and strengthening the Company's corporate governance code so as to bring the best long-term value to Shareholders. In addition, the Company Secretary also provides relevant information, updates and continuous professional development to the Directors with respect to legal, supervisory and other continuous obligations for being a director of a listed company at appropriate times. The Company Secretary is also responsible for supervising and managing the Group's relationship with investors.

## Accountability and Audit

## Financial Reporting

The  Directors  are  responsible  for  overseeing  the  preparation  of  the  annual  accounts  which  give  a  true  and  fair view  of  the  Group's  state  of  affairs  of  the  results  and  cash  flow  for  the  Year.  All  the  Directors  acknowledge  their responsibility for preparing the financial statements. In preparing the accounts for the Year, the Directors have:

- selected suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently; and
- made judgements and estimates that are prudent and reasonable; and ensured the accounts are prepared on the going concern basis.

The Company recognises that high quality corporate reporting is important in reinforcing the trustworthy relationship with the Company's stakeholders and aims at presenting a balanced, clear and comprehensible assessment of the Company's performance, position and prospects in all corporate communications. The annual and interim results of the Company are announced in a timely manner within the required limits after the end of the relevant periods.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

A statement by the auditors about their reporting responsibilities is included in the Auditor's Report on pages 67 to  72.  There  are  no  material  uncertainties  relating  to  events  or  conditions  that  may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

## Risk Management and Internal Controls

The  Board,  through  the  Audit  Committee,  has  reviewed  the  effectiveness  of  the  Company's  system  of  risk management  and  internal  controls  over  financial,  operational  and  compliance  issues  for  the  Year.  The  Audit Committee  concluded  that,  in  general,  the  Company  has  set  up  a  sound  control  environment  and  installed necessary  control  mechanisms  to  monitor  and  correct  non-compliance.  The  Board,  through  the  regular  review of  the  Audit  Committee,  is  satisfied  that  the  Group  in  the  Year,  fully  complied  with  the  code  provisions  on  risk management and internal controls as set forth in the Code.

The  Company  has  formulated  and  implemented  its  risk  management  and  internal  control  system.  The  Board  is the decision-making body responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of its risk management and internal control systems with the assistance of the Audit Committee and the internal audit department. The Audit Committee has reviewed the internal audit department's report regarding the reviewing and procedures of the internal control and risk management of the Company. The Company has set up risk management, internal control and internal audit departments with sufficient staff which report to the Audit Committee. The risk management and internal control systems  of  the  Company  are  designed  to  manage  rather  than  eliminate  the  risk  of  failure  to  achieve  business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

Risk  management  and  internal  control  covering  corporate  governance,  financial  management,  comprehensive management of human resource, intellectual property, contract management, procurement management, litigation management, asset management and sales management is designed to effectively ensure the effective operation of  our  business  activities,  improve  the  internal  control  system  of  the  Company,  establish  the  system  of  risk identification  and  assessment,  and  facilitate  the  effective  control  of  risks  through  the  implementation  of  various policies; to safeguard the security and integrity of the Company's assets; to prevent, identify errors and frauds and correct them when any occurs so as to ensure the truthfulness, legality and integrity of our accounting information.

The Company' risk management and internal control systems are reviewed at least annually. Based on the review and evaluation of risk management and internal control of the Reporting Period, the Board takes the view that the risk management and internal control of the Company are effective and adequate.

The  Company  conducts  an  annual  risk  evaluation  to  identify  major  risks  and  to  perform  risk  management duties. The Company has designed measures to tackle major risks combined with its internal control system and periodically monitors its implementation to ensure adequate care, monitor and tackling of major risks.

The Company has constantly supervised and evaluated its internal control, conducting comprehensive and multilevel checks including regular test, enterprise self-examination and auditing check so as to resolve material defects in internal control.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Company  has  established  an  Internal  Audit  Department  comprising  two  internal  audit  managers,  which  is responsible for the internal auditing and supervising of the business activities of the Company, and also performs its  duty as a party in the discussion about economic activities and decision making in relation to our projects, so as  to  ensure  the  integrity,  reasonableness  of  the  Company's  internal  control  system  and  the  effectiveness  of  its implementation.

The Securities and Legal Department is responsible for advising on the necessity of performing the obligation of information disclosure, the definition of connected transaction and the legality of contract substance.

While  keeping  highly  transparent  communications  with  investors  and  analysts,  the  Company  attaches  great importance  to  the  handling  of  inside  information.  The  Company  has  maintained  a  good  information  disclosure mechanism and policy which provides a general guide to the Company's Directors, officers and senior management and  relevant  employees  in  handling  confidential  information,  monitoring  information  disclosure  and  responding to  enquiries,  and  to  ensure  that  inside  information  is  disseminated  to  the  public  in  a  fair  and  timely  manner  in accordance with  applicable  laws  and  regulations.  Monitoring  and  control  procedures  have  been  implemented  to ensure that unauthorised access and use of inside information are strictly prohibited.

Whistleblowing  procedures  are  in  place  to  facilitate  employees  of  the  Company  to  raise,  in  confidence  and anonymity, concerns about improprieties (such as criminal offences or financial impropriety) or other matters of the Company.

## External Auditors

The  Group's  external  auditors  are  Ernst  &amp;  Young  Hua  Ming  LLP.  The  Audit  Committee  is  mandated  to  ensure continuing auditors' objectivity and safeguard independence of the auditors, and it has:

- determined  the  framework  for  the  type  and  authorisation  of  non-audit  services  for  which  the  external auditors may provide. In general, the engagement of the external auditors to perform non-audit services is prohibited except for tax-related services; and
- agreed with the Board on the policy relating to the hiring of employees or former employees of the external auditors and monitored the applications of such policy.

During  the  Year,  the  fees  paid  to  the  Company's  external  auditors  for  audit  services  amounted  to  approximately RMB1,135,000 and for non-audit related activities (which are the fees for agreed upon procedures on accounts) amounted to approximately RMB250,000.

The Group has not employed any staff who was formerly involved in the Group's statutory audit.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Staff Diversity

The Group had a workforce of 695 full-time employees as of 31 December 2022. Among them, around 36% of the  workforce  (including  senior  management)  were  female,  and  around  50%  of  the  Group's  senior  management (including one executive Director, namely, Mr. Sun Liangchuan) positions were held by female. To support diversity at different level of the Group, the Group is enhancing diversity awareness through employee networks, hiring and recruitment practices, and awareness raising promotions and training for all employees.

## Dividend Policy

The Board has adopted a dividend policy to establish a standard of dividend payment to enhance the transparency of dividends distributed by the Company and to facilitate the Shareholders and potential investors to make informed investment decisions.

The  declaration  and  payment  of  dividends  is  at  the  discretion  of  the  Board  and  subject  to  the  approval  of  the Shareholders and to the relevant laws and regulations of the PRC, any applicable rules and regulations and the Articles.

The Board has the absolute discretion to decide whether to declare or distribute dividends in any year. There is no assurance that dividends of such amount or any amount will be declared or distributed each year or in any year.

The Board in determining the level of dividends will consider factors including:

- (i) the results of operations of the Group;
- (ii) cash flows of the Group;
- (iii) financial position of the Group;
- (iv) capital requirements of the Group;
- (v) business strategies and developments of the Group; and
- (vi) other factors that the Board deems relevant.

Subject to Shareholders' approval at a general meeting and to the relevant laws and regulations of the PRC, any applicable rules and regulations, the Articles and after consideration on the factors above, the Company may also declare interim or special distributions in addition to the annual distributions.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Communications with Shareholders and Investors

The Company places great emphasis on its relationship and communication with Shareholders and investors. The Shareholders'  Communication Policy  sets  out  the  framework  the  Company  has  put  in  place  to  promote  effective communication  with  shareholders.  In  order  to  keep  Shareholders  well  informed  of  the  business  activities  and direction of the Group, information about the Group has been provided to the Shareholders through financial reports and  announcements  including  electronic  copies  accessible  by  the  public  online.  The  Company  has  established its  own  corporate  website  www.jinrangongyong.com  as  a  channel  to  facilitate  effective  communication  with  its Shareholders and the public.

The  Company  endeavors  to  maintain  an  on-going  dialogue  with  the  Shareholders  and  in  particular,  through annual  general  meetings  or  other  general  meetings  to  communicate  with  the  Shareholders  and  encourage  their participation. The Company's general meeting allows the Directors to meet and communicated with Shareholders. The  Company  ensures  that  Shareholders'  views  are  communicated  to  the  Board.  The  Chairman  of  the  annual general meeting proposes separate resolutions for each issue to be considered.

Having  reviewed  the  implementation  and  effectiveness  of  different  channels  of  communication  available  to  the shareholders,  and  with  reference  to  the  shareholders'  participation  and  feedbacks  in  meetings  and  corporate activities, the Company considered that the Shareholders' Communication Policy to be effective during the Year.

## PROCEDURES FOR DIRECTING SHAREHOLDERS' ENQUIRIES TO THE BOARD

Shareholders can make enquiries directly to the Company through written enquiries or requests in respect of their rights to the following principal place of business of the Company:

Address: Floor 9, Gangao Tower, No.18 Zhengzhou Road, Heping District, Tianjin, PRC Tel No.: (86) 022-87569972 Fax No.: (86) 022-87569971

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO CONVENE AN EXTRAORDINARY MEETING

Pursuant to Article 54(3) of the Articles, where Shareholders separately or aggregately holding an aggregate of 10 percent or more of the issued shares of the Company vested with voting rights request in writing to convene an extraordinary general meeting, the Board shall convene an extraordinary general meeting within two months thereof.

Pursuant to Article 75 of the Articles, Shareholders who request to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class Shareholders' meeting shall follow the procedures below:

- (1) Shareholder(s) who hold(s) individually or in aggregate 10 percent or more of the shares vested with voting rights in such a meeting may sign one or several written requisitions in the same form requesting the Board to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class Shareholders' meeting, and specifying and adding a  resolution  to  the  meeting.  Upon  receipt  of  the  said  written  requisitions,  the  Board  shall  convene  an extraordinary general meeting or a class Shareholders' meeting as soon as possible. The calculation of the number of shares held as aforesaid shall be made as at the date of the written requisitions.
- (2) If the Board fails to give notice of meeting within 30 days of the receipt of the aforesaid written requisitions, the Shareholders making such requests may convene a meeting within four months of the receipt of the said requisitions by the Board. The procedure for convening the meeting shall, as far as possible, be the same as those for convening a Shareholders' meeting by the Board.

All reasonable expenses incurred in convening and holding a meeting by the Shareholders as a result of the failure of the Board to convene such meeting upon the aforesaid requisitions shall be borne by the Company and the same shall be deducted from outstanding payments due to the directors who are in default.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS' ENQUIRES TO BE PUT TO THE BOARD

Pursuant to Article 47 of the Articles, among others, a holder of ordinary shares of the Company shall enjoy the following rights:

- to supervise and manage the business, operation and activities of the Company, and to make proposals or enquiries in relation thereto;
- to receive information in accordance with provisions of the Articles, including:
- A. the Articles upon payment of the cost thereof;
- B. upon payment of reasonable charges, be entitled to inspect and copy:
- (i) all parts of the register of Shareholders;
- (ii) personal  particulars  of  the  Directors,  Supervisors,  managers  and  other  senior  management officers  of  the  Company,  including  (a)  present  and  former  names  and  aliases;  (b)  principal address (domicile); (c) nationality; (d) full-time occupation and all other part-time occupations or positions; and (e) identification document and the number thereof;
- (iii) the share capital of the Company;
- (iv) a report on the total nominal value, number, highest and lowest prices and all payments made by  the  Company  in  respect  of  each  class  of  its  shares  repurchased  since  the  last  financial year; and
- (v) minutes of Shareholders' meetings.

Pursuant to Article 80 of the Articles,  a  Shareholder  shall  be  entitled  to  inspect  copies  of  minutes  of  meeting(s) free of charge during office hours of the Company. Upon the request of any Shareholder for a copy of the relevant minutes of meeting, the Company shall send out the copy of the minutes so requested within seven days of the receipt of the reasonable payment therefore.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## PROCEDURES FOR PUTTING FORWARD PROPOSALS AT GENERAL MEETINGS BY SHAREHOLDERS

Pursuant to Article 52(17) of the Articles, the Shareholders' general meeting shall exercise its power to review any provisional motion put forward by Shareholders separately or aggregately holding 3 percent or more of the shares of the Company.

Pursuant to Article 56 of the Articles, when the Company convenes a shareholders' general meeting, Shareholder(s) individually  or  jointly  holding  3%  or  more  of  Company's  shares  can  make  a  provisional  motion  in  writing  to  the Board 10 days before the date of shareholders' general meeting. The Board shall notify other shareholders within 2  days  after  the  receipt  of  such  proposal  and  table  the  provisional  motion  to  the  shareholders'  general  meeting for  consideration.  The  Company  shall  include  those  motions  falling  within  the  scope  of  responsibility  of  the Shareholders' general meeting into the agenda of such meeting.

Pursuant to Article 98 of the Articles, the procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director are set out below.

- -Starting  from  the  second  day  after  the  despatch  of  the  notice  of  the  general  meeting  appointed  for  the election of Director by the Company, a Shareholder is entitled to lodge a notice in writing to the Company to propose a person for election as a Director.
- -The length of the period, during which the aforesaid notice in writing is lodged with the Company, shall be seven days.
- -In any event, the aforesaid period shall end seven days before the date of such general meeting.
- -In  the  aforesaid  period  of  notice,  such  proposed  Director  shall  give  notice  to  the  Company  stating  his/her willingness to be elected.

## Changes to Constitutional Documents

During the Year, amendments have been made to the Articles of Association. Please refer to the paragraph headed 'Amendments to the Articles of Association' in the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis' in this annual report for further details.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

The Board of Directors is pleased to present its Directors' Report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the Year.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The principal business of the Group includes the sale of piped natural gas, sale of natural gas appliances, natural gas pipeline grid connection and natural gas transportation via pipelines, while principal operation activities include the  sale  and  distribution  of  piped  gas,  the  lease  of  pipelines,  the  operation  and  management  of  gas  pipeline infrastructure,  the  sale  and  installation  of  gas  appliances,  the  lease  of  self-owned  buildings  and  (via  branch) facilities  of  gas  stations.  The  Group  has  been  operating  in  accordance  with  the  specific  licencing  regulations promulgated by the government whenever applicable.

## RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The results of the Group for the Year are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on pages 75 to 76 of this annual report.

The Board does not recommend the distribution of a dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 (Previous Year: Nil).

## RELIEF FROM TAXATION

Pursuant  to  the  PRC  Individual  Income  Tax  Law （ 《中華人民共和國個人所得稅法》 ） ,  the  Implementation Regulations  of  the  PRC  Individual  Income  Tax  Law （ 《中華人民共和國個人所得稅法實施條例》 ） ,  the Administrative  Measures  of  the  State  Administration  of  Taxation  on  Tax  Convention  Treatment  for  Non-resident Taxpayers (No. 60 of the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation for 2016) （ 《國家稅務總局非居民 納稅人享受稅收協定待遇管理辦法》 ） （國家稅務總局公告 2016 年第 60 號） , the Notice of the State Administration of  Taxation  on  the  Questions  Concerning  the  Levy  and  Administration  of  Individual  Income  Tax  After  the  Repeal of  Guo  Shui  Fa  [1993]  No.  45  (Guo  Shui  Han  [2011]  No.  348) （ 《國家稅務總局關於國稅發 [1993]045 號文件廢 止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題的通知》 （國稅函 [2011]348 號） ） ,  other  relevant  laws  and  regulations  and  other regulatory documents, the Company shall, as a withholding agent, withhold and pay individual income tax for the individual holders of H shares in respect of the dividend to be distributed to them. However, the individual holders of H shares may be entitled to certain tax preferential treatments pursuant to the tax treaties between the PRC and the countries (regions) in which the individual holders of H shares are domiciled and the tax arrangements between the PRC, Hong Kong or Macau. For individual holders of H shares in general, the Company will withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of the individual holders of H shares in the distribution of the dividend. However, the tax rates applicable to individual holders of H shares overseas may vary depending on the tax treaties between the PRC and the countries (regions) in which the individual holders of H shares are domiciled, and the Company will withhold and pay individual income tax on behalf of the individual holders of H shares in the distribution of the dividend accordingly.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

For non-resident enterprise holders of H shares, i.e., any shareholders who hold the Company's shares in the name of non-individual Shareholders, including but not limited to HKSCC Nominee Limited, other nominees, trustees, or holders of H shares registered in the name of other groups and organisations, the Company will withhold and pay the enterprise income tax at the tax rate of 10% for such holders of H shares pursuant to the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation on the Issues Concerning Withholding the Enterprises Income Tax on the Dividends Paid by Chinese Resident Enterprises to H Share Holders Who Are Overseas Non-resident Enterprises (Guo Shui Han [2008] No. 897) （ 《國家稅務總局關於中國居民企業向境外 H 股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有 關問題的通知》 （國稅函 [2008]897 號） ） .

Should  the  holders  of  H  shares  of  the  Company  have  any  doubt  in  relation  to  the  aforesaid  arrangements,  they are  recommended to consult their tax advisors for relevant tax impact in Mainland China, Hong Kong and other countries  (regions)  on  the  possession  and  disposal  of  the  H  shares  of  the  Company.  The  Company  assumes  no responsibility and disclaims all liabilities whatsoever in relation to the tax status or tax treatment of the individual holders of H shares and for any claims arising from any delay in or inaccurate determination of the tax status or tax treatment of the individual holders of H shares or any disputes over the withholding mechanism or arrangements.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group is set out on page 4 of the annual report.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The  business  review  of  the  Group  for  the  Year  is  set  out  in  the  section  headed  'Management  Discussion  and Analysis' in this annual report.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the Company's share capital are set out in note V.20 to financial statements included in this annual report.

## DISTRIBUTION RESERVES

The reserve available for distribution to Shareholders is the amount which is the lesser of the accumulated profits carried  forward  at  the  balance  sheet  date  after  deduction  of  the  current  year's  appropriations  to  the  statutory surplus reserve determined under PRC accounting standards.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group's reserves available for distribution to Shareholders, comprised the retained profits determined under PRC accounting standards of approximately RMB483 million (2021: RMB552 million).

There is no arrangement that a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividend.

## RESERVES

Profits attributable to Shareholders before dividends of RMBnil (2021: RMB199,235) have been transferred to reserves.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Group was entered into or existed during the Year.

## FIXED ASSETS

Details of movements in fixed assets of the Group are set out in note V.9 to financial statements included in this annual report.

## FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Company for the last five financial years is set out on page 194 of this annual report.

## DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

Set out below are the Directors and Supervisors up to the date of this report:

## Executive Directors

Chen Tao Tang Jie Sun Liangchuan

## Non-executive Directors

Wu Fang Guan Na Zhang Jinghan

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Zhang Ying Hua Yu Jian Jun Guo Jia Li

Mr.  Chen Tao, Ms. Wu Fang, Ms. Guan Na and Mr. Zhang Jinghan became Directors with effect from 1 August 2022.  Mr. Zhao Wei (then Chairman of the Board), Mr. Hou Shuang Jiang, Mr. Zhao Heng Hai and Ms. Hou Yuling ceased to be Directors with effect from 1 August 2022.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## Independent Supervisors

Xu Hui Liu Zhi Yuan

## Staff Representative Supervisors

You Hui Yan Zhang Tingting

## Shareholders' Representative Supervisor

Xu Peng

Mr.  Xu  Peng  was  appointed  as  the  Shareholders'  Representative  Supervisor  with  effect  from  1  August  2022,  in place of Mr. Sun Guoqing.

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors their respective confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers that they remain independent.

## DIRECTORS' AND SUPERVISORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract, and each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a service contract/letter of appointment with the Company commencing from 25 June 2021 (or if later, his/her effective date of appointment), and ending on the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company to be held in 2024.

Each  of  the  Supervisors  has  entered  into  a  service  agreement  with  the  Company  for  a  term  of  three  years  and ending on the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company to be held in 2024.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  none  of  the  Directors  nor  Supervisors  has  a  service  contract  with  the  Company  or  its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

Save as Ms. Tang Jie, Mr. Guo Jia Li, Mr. Yu Jian Jun and Mr. Zhang Ying Hua, all Directors waived their director's fee for the Year. During the Year, save as disclosed above, there was no arrangement in which Directors waived their remuneration. Please also refer to the paragraph headed 'Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management' in the Corporate Governance Report for further information about the Directors'' remuneration policy.

## DIRECTORS', CHIEF EXECUTIVES' AND SUPERVISORS' INTERESTS IN SECURITIES

As at 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors, chief executives and Supervisors of the Company in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the 'SFO')) which are required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (c) pursuant to the required standard of dealings by Directors and Supervisors as referred to in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange were as follows:

## Long Position

Domestic Shares of RMB0.1 each in the capital of the Company

| Name of Director/Supervisor  Capacity  Number of  Domestic Shares  interested  Approximate  percentage of  interests  in the Company/  Domestic Shares  Tang Jie  Beneficial owner  41,700,000  2.27%/3.11%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors, chief executives and Supervisors of the Company had interests or short positions in any securities  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  associated  corporations (within  the  meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which are required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they are  taken  or  deemed  to  have  under  such  provisions  of  the  SFO);  or  (b)  pursuant  to  section  352  of  the  SFO,  to be  entered  in  the  register  referred  to  therein;  or  (c)  pursuant  to  the  required  standard  of  dealings  by  Directors and Supervisors as referred to in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AND OTHER SHAREHOLDERS

So  far  as  known  to  the  Directors,  as  at  31  December  2022,  the  following  persons,  not  being  a  Director,  chief executive  or  Supervisor  of  the  Company,  have  interests  or  short  positions  in  the  shares,  underlying  shares  or debentures of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and required to be entered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

## Substantial Shareholders

## Long Position

Domestic Shares of RMB0.1 each in the capital of the Company

| Name of shareholder  Capacity  Number of  Domestic Shares  interested  Approximate  percentage of  interests  in the Company/  Domestic Shares  Jinran China Resources  Gas Co., Ltd.  (  津燃華潤燃氣有限公司）  Beneficial owner  1,297,547,800  70.54%/96.89%  Tianjin Gas Group Company  Limited ('Tianjin Gas')  天津市燃氣集團有限公司  (Note 1)  Interest of a controlled  corporation  1,297,547,800  70.54%/96.89%  Tianjin Energy Investment  Company Limited  ('Tianjin Energy')  天津能源投資集團有限公司  (Note 1)  Interest of a controlled  corporation  1,297,547,800  70.54%/96.89%  Tianjin State-owned Capital  Investment Management Co.,  Ltd. ('Tianjin Capital')  天津國有資本投資運營有限公  司  (Note 1)  Interest of a controlled  corporation  1,297,547,800  70.54%/96.89%  中國建設銀行股份有限公司天津  市分行  (China Construction Bank  Corporation (Tianjin Branch)*)  ('CCB Tianjin') (Note 2)  Other  1,297,547,800  70.54%/96.89%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. As  at  31  December  2022,  Jinran  China  Resources  held  1,297,547,800  Domestic  Shares.  Jinran  China  Resources  is owned as to 51% and 49% by Tianjin Gas and China Resources Gas (Hong Kong) Investment Limited, respectively. Tianjin Energy is the intermediary holding company of Tianjin Gas.  Tianjin Capital is the intermediary holding company of Tianjin Energy. Therefore they are deemed, or taken to be interested in all the Domestic Shares held by Jinran China Resources for the purpose of  the SFO.
2. On 6 May 2020, Tianjin Capital has charged 100% equity interest in Tianjin Energy (which owns 100% equity interest in Tianjin Gas) to CCB Tianjin. Therefore CCB Tianjin is taken to be interested in all the Domestic Shares beneficially held by Tianjin Gas for the purpose of the SFO.

## Other Shareholders

## Long Position

H Shares of RMB0.1 each in the capital of the Company

| Number of  H Shares  interested  Approximate  percentage of  interests  in the Company/  H Shares  Name of shareholder  Capacity  Liu Hei Wan  Interests held jointly with  another person (Note 1)  14,500,000  0.79%/2.90%  Held by controlled corporation  (Note 2)  30,000,000  1.63%/6.00%  Law Suet Yi  Interests held jointly with  another person (Note 1)  14,500,000  0.79%/2.90%  Interest of spouse (Note 3)  30,000,000  1.63%/6.00%  The Waterfront Development  Group Limited  Beneficial owner (Note 2)  30,000,000  1.63%/6.00%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

Notes:

1. As at 31 December 2022, Mr. Liu Hei Wan and Ms. Law Suet Yi jointly held 14,500,000 H Shares of the Company.
2. The  Waterfront  Development  Group  Limited  is  wholly-owned  by  Mr.  Liu  Hei  Wan  and  thus  a  controlled  corporation  by Mr. Liu Hei Wan. Therefore, Mr. Liu Hei Wan is deemed, or taken to be, interested in the 30,000,000 H Shares which are beneficially owned by The Waterfront Development Group Limited for the purpose of the SFO.
3. Ms. Law Suet Yi is the spouse of Mr. Liu Hei Wan and therefore, Ms. Law Suet Yi is deemed, or taken to be, interested in all the Shares in which Mr. Liu Hei Wan is interested for the purpose of SFO.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, the Directors are not aware of any person, not being a Director, chief  executive  or  Supervisor  of  the  Company,  have  interests  or  short  positions  in  the  shares,  underlying  shares or debentures of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and required to be entered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.

## DIRECTORS' AND SUPERVISORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENT OR CONTRACTS

No Director or Supervisor nor any entity connected with a Director or Supervisor was materially interested, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to the Group, or to which the holding company of the Company, the Company or any of the Company's subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries or its specified undertaking was a party during or at the end of the Year.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

During the Year, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company's listed securities.

## COMPLIANCE WITH NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING

On 9 December 2003, Tianjin Gas has entered into a non-competition agreement with the Company. Under the non-competition agreement, save for Tianjin Gas's then existing piped gas operations in Tianjin City, which is outside the scope of operation of the Group in Tianjin at that time (the 'Previous Operational Locations'), Tianjin Gas has irrevocably undertaken and covenanted with the Company that, except with the Company's prior written consent, it  would  not  and  would  procure that its subsidiaries should not, carry on for their own accounts or for any other persons to carry on and/or have an interest in, any business of which is or may be in competition with the Group's business within the Previous Operational Locations or outside its existing operating district in Tianjin City.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

On  28  December  2010,  Tianjin  Gas  further  entered  into  the  supplemental  non-competition  agreement  (the 'Supplemental Non-Competition Agreement') to supplement certain terms of the non-competition agreement dated 9  December  2003,  pursuant  to  which  the  meaning  of  'subsidiary(ies)'  as  mentioned  in  the  above-mentioned undertaking has been amended to include 'associates' under the definition of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the 'GEM Listing Rules') and the Previous Operational Locations have been amended to cover the operational locations of the Group (i.e. Xiao Hai Di （小海地） of Hexi District （河西區） , part  of  Jinnan  District （津南區） ,  Xiqing  District （西青區） ,  Hangu  District （漢沽區） and  Ninghe  District （寧河區） ） which have been served by the Group's pipelines as well as Hedong District （河東區） and Heping District （和平區） after completion of the transfer of part of the tangible assets and gas ancillary facilities.

Furthermore,  pursuant  to  the  Supplemental  Non-Competition  Agreement,  Tianjin  Gas  further  undertakes  that (a)  where  business  opportunities  which  may  compete  with  the  business  of  the  Group  arises,  or  if  Tianjin  Gas desires to sell any of its existing piped gas business or the underlying assets for the piped gas business in Tianjin, Tianjin  Gas shall give the Company's notice in writing and the Company shall have a right of first refusal to take up  such  business  opportunities.  The  Company  shall  only  exercise  the  right  of  first  refusal  upon  the  approval  of all  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  (who  do  not  have  any  interest  in  such  proposed  transactions);  and (b)  regarding  the  assets  which  have  not  yet  been  transferred  to  the  Company  by  Tianjin  Gas  in  Hedong  District, Heping District,  Xiqing  District,  Hangu  District  and  Ninghe  District,  the  Company  has  the  right  to  require  Tianjin Gas to sell these assets to the Company at any time, subject to compliance with the applicable requirements under the  relevant  PRC  laws  as  well  as  the  Listing  Rules,  at  a  price  that  is  fair  and  reasonable,  and  acceptable  to  the independent non-executive Directors (who do not have any interest in such proposed transaction).

Pursuant  to  the  non-competition  agreement  and  the  Supplemental  Non-Competition  Agreement  (together,  the 'Non-competition  Undertaking'),  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  are  responsible  for  reviewing  and considering  whether  or  not  to  exercise  such  rights  and  are  entitled,  on  behalf  of  the  Company,  to  review  the information  provided  by  Tianjin  Gas  in  respect  of  the  compliance  and  enforcement  of  the  Non-competition Undertaking  at  least  on  an  annual  basis.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  independent  non-executive  Directors have reviewed the implementation of the Non-competition Undertaking and have confirmed that Tianjin Gas has been in full compliance with the Non-competition Undertaking and there was no breach by Tianjin Gas.

Also, the Company has received from Tianjin Gas an annual declaration on compliance with the Non-competition Undertaking and considers Tianjin Gas has complied with the Non-competition Undertaking.

## ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At  no  time  during  the  Year  was  the  Company  or  its  subsidiary  or  its  specified  undertaking  a  party  to  any arrangements  whose  objects  are  (or  includes)  to  enable  the  Directors  and  Supervisors  to  acquire  benefits  by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and no such arrangement subsisted as of the end of the Year.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## COMPETING INTERESTS

Each  of  Mr.  Chen  Tao  and  Mr.  Sun  Liangchuan  (each  an  executive  Director),  Ms.  Wu  Fang,  Ms.  Guan  Na  and Mr. Zhang Jinghan (each a non-executive Director) holds positions with Jinran China Resources, Tianjin Gas, Tianjin Energy and/or their associates. They do not have any equity interest in Jinran China Resources, Tianjin Gas, Tianjin Energy nor the Company. Save as their positions with Jinran China Resources, Tianjin Gas, Tianjin Energy and/or their  associates,  each  of  the  Directors  and  their  respective  close  associates  has  confirmed  that  he/she  does  not have any interest in a business which competes or may compete with the business of the Group.

In the wholesale distribution of natural gas, no competition between Jinran China Resources, Tianjin Gas and the Group exists given the fact that the Group only supplies natural gas to end users but is not engaged in wholesale distribution  business.  In  the  provision  of  piped  natural  gas  to  end  users,  Tianjin  Gas  and  the  Group  are  not competing with each other due to the nature of the piped gas supply business, which required fixed pipelines be installed and connected to the customers' pipelines, it is practically infeasible for more than one set of pipelines connecting  to  the  same  customer's  pipeline.  Tianjin  Gas  has  also  undertaken  not  to  compete  with  the  Group  in accordance with the Non-Competition Undertaking. Given the terms of the Non-Competition Undertaking and the inherent nature of the pipe gas supply business, the Directors are of the view that Tianjin Gas does not compete with the Group's operations in the provision of piped natural gas. For details of the Non-Competition Undertaking, please refer to the paragraph headed 'Compliance with Non-Competition Undertaking' above.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, the Directors are not aware of any business or interest of the Directors, the controlling shareholders of the Company and their respective close associates, that competes or may compete with the business of the Group and any other conflicts of interest which any such person has or may have with the Group.

## CODE OF CONDUCT REGARDING SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

During the Year, the Company had adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors and Supervisors  on  terms  no  less  exacting  than  the  required  standard  of  dealings  set  out  in  the  Listing  Rules.  The Company had also made specific enquiry with all Directors and Supervisors and the Company was not aware of any non-compliance with the required standard of dealings and its code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors and Supervisors.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During  the  Year,  the  Group  has  the  following  non-exempt  connected  transactions  or  continuing  connected transactions under the Listing Rules:

## Non-exempted Continuing Connected Transactions

## (1) Gas transportation

On  21  May  2021,  Jinran  China  Resources  and  the  Company  entered  into  a  natural  gas  transportation contract  in  respect  of  the  Company's  provision  of  natural  gas  transportation  services  to  Jinran  China Resources  via  the  gas  pipelines  owned  and  managed  by  the  Company.  Gas  transportation  fees  are calculated based on the actual volume of natural gas and actual distance transmitted at RMB0.8 per 1,000 cubic  metres  per  kilometre.  The  annual  caps  for  the  gas  transportation  fees  (among  others)  for  the  year ended 31 December 2022 and for the year ending 31 December 2023 are (tax inclusive) RMB8,600,000 and RMB9,600,000, respectively.

Actual transaction amount (tax exclusive) for the Year was RMB326,000.

The transactions constitute  continuing  connected  transactions  of  the  Company  under  Chapter  14A  of  the Listing  Rules.    As  the  applicable  percentage  ratios  are  less  than  5%,  the  transactions  are  exempt  from the  independent  shareholders'  approval  requirement,  but  are  subject  to  the  annual  review,  reporting  and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 21 May 2021.

## (2) Gas supply

On 6 December 2021, the Company and Jinran China Resources entered into the conditional gas supply contract for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022, to renew the arrangements under the 2021 gas supply contract with an annual cap of RMB2,070 million.

Actual transaction amount (tax exclusive) for the Year was approximately RMB1,642.11 million.

The transactions constitute  continuing  connected  transactions  of  the  Company  under  Chapter  14A  of  the Listing  Rules,  and  are  subject  to,  among  other  things,  the  independent  shareholders'  approval,  annual review, reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

For further details, please refer to the circular of the Company dated 15 December 2021.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## (3) Gas provision

On 15 April 2021, the Company entered into a conditional gas provision contract with Tianjin Taihua Gas Co., Ltd. ('Taihua Gas') with respect to the supply of natural gas by the Company to Taihua Gas for the three years  ending  31  December  2023,  with  annual  caps  not  exceeding  RMB383,000,000,  RMB445,000,000 and RMB538,000,000, respectively.

Actual transaction amount (tax exclusive) for the Year was approximately RMB241,414,000.

Taihua Gas was indirectly owned as to 70% by Tianjin Gas and 30% by Tianjin TEDA Investment Holding Co, Ltd., respectively. Accordingly, Taihua Gas is a connected person of the Company, and the transaction constitutes  continuing  connected  transaction  of  the  Company  under  Chapter  14A  of  the  Listing  Rules. The  contract  was  subject  to  the  independent  shareholders'  approval,  annual  review,  reporting  and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

For further details, please refer to the circular of the Company dated 9 June 2021.

## (4) Gas meters indoor installation

On 19 April 2022, the Company entered into the indoor gas meter installation service framework agreement with  Tianjin  Yixiao  Construction  Development  Co.,  Ltd.  ('Tianjin  Yixiao',  a  subsidiary  of  Tianjin  Gas)  to engage Tianjin Yixiao to provide indoor gas meters installation services in newly built residential premises in Heping district, Hedong district, Xiqing district, Ninghe district and Hangu district in Tianjin for a period of one year from the date of the agreement, with an annual cap of RMB4,852,000.

Actual transaction amount (tax exclusive) for the Year was approximately RMB2,052,000.

The transactions constitute  continuing  connected  transactions  of  the  Company  under  Chapter  14A  of  the Listing Rules. As the applicable percentage ratios are less than 5%, they are exempt from the independent shareholders'  approval  requirement  and  were  subject  to  annual  review,  reporting  and  announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Further details are set out in the Company's announcement dated 19 April 2022.

## (5) Gas meters procurement

On 28 July  2022,  the  Company  and  Tianjin  Yumin  Gas  Meter  Co.,  Ltd.  ('Tianjin  Yumin',  a  subsidiary  of Jinran China Resources) entered into a procurement contract to procure from Tianjin Yumin IoT (Internet of Things) gas meters at an aggregate maximum purchase price of RMB5,922,000. The agreement has a performance of one year from its execution. As the Company contemplates that it will require more IoT gas meters and additional model(s) of IoT gas meters with safety function, on 9 November 2022, the Company entered into a termination contract to terminate the aforesaid procurement contract, and entered into a new procurement contract with Tianjin Yumin for the procurement of IoT gas meters with an aggregate maximum purchase price of RMB7,040,000.

Actual transaction amount (tax exclusive) for the Year was approximately RMB4,417,000.

The transactions constitute  continuing  connected  transactions  of  the  Company  under  Chapter  14A  of  the Listing Rules. As the applicable percentage ratios are less than 5%, they are exempt from the independent shareholders'  approval  requirement  and  were  subject  to  annual  review,  reporting  and  announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Further details are set out in the Company's announcements dated 28 July 2022 and 9 November 2022, respectively.

## (6) Construction and other services

On 15 December 2021, the Company and Tianjin Energy Investment Company Limited ('Tianjin Energy', which  wholly-owns  Tianjin  Gas)  entered  into  the  engineering  works  framework  agreement  in  respect  of the  provision  of  construction  and  design  services  for  pipelines  and  supporting  facilities  by  Tianjin  Energy and/or its associated companies for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022, to renew the arrangements under the engineering works framework agreement that has expired on 31 December 2021, with an annual cap of RMB30,000,000. On 15 November 2022, the Company and Tianjin Energy entered into a supplemental agreement to revise the annual cap to RMB51,780,000 for the construction and design services  for  pipelines  and  supporting  facilities  for  year  ending  31  December  2022  under  the  engineering works framework agreement entered into between them dated 15 December 2021.

Actual transaction amount (tax exclusive) for the Year was approximately RMB46,210,000.

The  transactions  constitute  continuing  connected  transactions  of  the  Company  under  Chapter  14A  of the  Listing  Rules.  They  are  subject  to  independent  shareholders'  approval,  annual  review,  reporting  and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Further details are set out in the Company's announcement dated 15 December 2021, and circular dated 8 December 2022.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## Review by Independent Non-Executive Directors and Auditors

The  independent  non-executive  Directors  have  reviewed  the  above  continuing  connected  transactions.  In  their opinion, these continuing connected transactions were:

- (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;
- (ii) either  on  normal  commercial  terms  or  better  terms,  if  there  are  not  sufficient  comparable  transactions  to judge whether they are on normal commercial terms or better terms, on terms no less favourable than terms available to or from independent third parties;
- (iii) in accordance with relevant agreements governing such transactions; and
- (iv) on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.

In  addition,  the  Company's  auditors  have  also  confirmed  in  writing  to  the  Board  that  nothing  has  come  to  their attention which cause them to believe that  the continuing connected transactions disclosed above:

- (i) had not been approved by the Board;
- (ii) for transactions involving the provision of goods and services by the Group, were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group governing such transactions;
- (iii) were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and
- (iv) had exceed the annual cap as set out in the corresponding announcement made by the Company.

## Non-Exempt Connected Transactions

## Procurement and installation of gas meters

On 10 March 2022, the Company and Jinran China Resources entered into an entrusted procurement agreement and a gas meters installation agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to entrust Jinran China Resources to  procure  27,825  gas  meters  at  an  aggregate  maximum  procurement  price  of  RMB9,154,425,  and  to  engage Jinran  China  Resources  to  perform  installation  work  for  replacement  of  27,825  gas  meters  at  an  aggregate maximum contract price of RMB3,060,750, respectively.

The  transaction  constitute  a  connected  transaction  of  the  Company  under  Chapter  14A  of  the  Listing  Rules.  As the  applicable  percentage  ratios  are  less  than  5%,  it  is  exempt  from  the  independent  shareholders'  approval requirement and was subject to reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Further details are set out in the Company's announcement dated 10 March 2022.

## Related Party Transactions

The significant related party transactions which were undertaken in the normal course of business are set out in note IX.5 to the financial statements in this report. The following related party transactions disclosed in note IX.5 to the financial statements in this report are fully exempt connected transactions or continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:

1. The  Company  supplied  natural  gas  to  certain  of  its  connected  persons  including  Tianjin  Heat  Company Limited （天津市熱力有限公司） , Tianjin Binhai China Petroleum Gas Company Limited （天津濱海中油燃氣 有限責任公司） , Tianjin Yixiao Construction Development Co., Ltd. and Tianjin Zhongyuan Gas Construction Limited （天津市眾元天然氣工程有限公司） , Tianjin China Resources Vanguard Limited （天津華潤萬家生活 超市有限公司） and Tianjin Energy;
2. The  Company  received  gas  connection  engineering  construction  services  from  its  connected  persons including Tianjin Liquefied Gas Engineering Limited （天津市液化氣工程有限公司） , Tianjin Zhongyuan and Tianjin Lianyi Gas Supporting Engineering Limited （天津市聯益燃氣配套工程有限責任公司） ;
3. The Company received internet services from Tianjin Energy Investment Group Technology Co., Ltd （天津能 源投資集團科技有限公司） ;
4. The Company rented buildings from Tianjin Yixiao and Tianjin Liquefied Gas Company Limited （天津市液化 氣有限責任公司） ;
5. The Company purchased fixed assets from Tianjin Energy Technology.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

6. The Company provided gas pipelines rent service to Tianjin Binhai Gas Group Company Limited （天津濱海 燃氣集團有限公司） ;
7. The Company received design service for pipeline reconstruction from China Resources Gas (Zhengzhou) Municipal Design &amp; Research Institute Co., Ltd. （華潤燃氣（鄭州） 市政設計研究院有限公司） ;
8. The Company received construction supervision service from Tianjin Jinneng Engineering Management Co. Ltd. （天津市津能工程管理有限公司） ; and
9. The Company received cost consultation service from Tianjin Jinneng Engineering Management Co. Ltd. （天 津市津能工程管理有限公司） .

Each  of  the  abovementioned  de  minimis  connected  transactions  or  continuing  connected  transactions  was  on normal  commercial  terms  or  better,  they  were  exempt  from  the  reporting,  annual  review,  announcement  and independent shareholders' approval requirements under the Listing Rules.

Save as disclosed in this report, the Directors consider that those material related party transactions disclosed in note IX.5 to the financial statements of this report did not fall under the definition of 'connected transactions' or 'continuing connected transactions' (as the case may be) in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules which are required to comply with any of the reporting, announcement or independent shareholders' approval requirements under the Listing Rules.

The above connected transactions and continuing connected transactions has followed the policies and guidelines when determining the price and terms of the transactions conducted for the Year.

## Connected Transactions in 2023

## Renewal of gas supply contract

On  15  November  2022,  the  Company  and  Jinran  China  Resources  entered  into  a  conditional  city  gas  supply contract  in  respect  of  the  supply  of  natural  gas  by  Jinran  China  Resources  to  the  Company  for  the  period from  1  January  2023  to  31  March  2024.  The  transactions  constitute  continuing  connected  transactions  of  the Company. They were subject to independent shareholders' approval, annual review, reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Further details are set out in the Company's circular dated 8 December 2022.

## Renewal of construction and other services

On  18  January  2023,  the  Company  and  Jinran  China  Resources  entered  into  an  engineering  work  framework agreement  regarding  the  provision  of  construction  and  other  services  by  Jinran  China  Resources  and/or  its associated  companies  to  the  Group  for  the  three  years  ending  31  December  2025.  The  transactions  constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company, and are subject to independent shareholders' approval, annual review, reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Further details are set out in the Company's circular dated 24 February 2023.

## Procurement of gas meters

On 13 February  2023,  the  Company  and  Tianjin  Yumin  entered  into  a  procurement  contract  pursuant  to  which Tianjin  Yumin  agreed  to  supply  to  the  Company  IoT  gas  meters  for  a  contract  term  up  to  31  December  2025. The  transactions  constitute  continuing  connected  transactions  of  the  Company,  and  are  subject  to  independent shareholders' approval, annual review, reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Further details are set out in the Company's circular dated 24 February 2023.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY

During the Year, the Company has arranged Directors' and officers' liability insurance for all Directors and senior management of the Company. The insurance covers the corresponding costs, charges, expenses and liabilities for legal action of corporate activities against them.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The five largest customers of the Group together accounted for approximately 57.2% of the Group's total turnover for the Year, with the largest customer accounted for approximately 24.5%. The five largest suppliers of the Group together accounted for approximately 98.4% of the Group's total purchases for the Year, with the largest supplier accounted for approximately 95.8%.

Among these major customers and suppliers, (i) Jinran China Resources is a major supplier of the Group and a controlling shareholder of the Company; (ii) Tianjin Lianyi Gas Construction Limited ( 天津市聯益燃氣配套工程有 限責任公司 ) is a major supplier of the Group and a subsidiary of Tianjin Gas (which holds 51% equity interests in Jinran China Resources); and (iii) Taihua Gas is a major customer of the Group and is indirectly owned as to 70% by Tianjin Gas. Save as the above, at no time during the Year did any of the Directors, their close associates or a Shareholder (which to the knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the Company's issued share capital) have an interest in any of the Group's five largest customers or suppliers.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has established an Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the Listing Rules.  The  primary  duties  of  the  Audit  Committee  are  to  review  and  to  provide  supervision  over  the  financial reporting process and risk management and internal control system of the Group. The Audit Committee comprises the three independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Guo Jia Li, Mr. Zhang Ying Hua and Mr. Yu Jian Jun. The Audit Committee has reviewed the report and the results for the Year.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, at least 25% of the Company's total issued share capital was held by the public as at the date of this report.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There  are  no  provisions  for  pre-emptive  rights  under  the  Company's  Articles  or  the  laws  of  the  PRC,  being  the jurisdiction in which the Company was incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a prorata basis to existing Shareholders.

## DONATION

Donations made by the Group for charitable or other purposes was RMBNil during the Year.

## AUDITORS

The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the three years ended 31 December 2022 have been audited by Ernst &amp; Young Hua Ming LLP, certified public accountants.

## SIGNIFICANT CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

Save  as  disclosed  in  this  annual  report,  (i)  no  contract  of  significance  has  been  entered  into  during  the  Year between  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries,  and  a  controlling  shareholder  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its subsidiaries; and (ii) no contract of significance has been entered into for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by a controlling shareholder of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

During the Year, the Company has not entered into any equity-linked agreement and no such agreement subsisted at the end of the Year.

## Annual General Meeting And Book Closure Period

The annual general meeting of the Company (the 'AGM') will be held on 27 June 2023 (Tuesday). To ascertain the  entitlement  to  attend  and  vote  at  the  AGM,  the  register  of  members  of  the  Company  will  be  closed  from  28 May 2023 (Sunday) to 27 June 2023 (Tuesday) (both days inclusive) during which no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, all transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share  certificates  must  be  lodged  with  the  Company's  H  Share  Registrar,  Computershare  Hong  Kong  Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on 25 May 2023 (Thursday).

On behalf of the Board

## Tianjin Jinran Public Utilities Company Limited Chen Tao

Chairman of the Board

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE'S REPORT

## WORK REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE FOR THE YEAR 2022

In  2022,  the  members  of  the  Supervisory  Committee  of  Tianjin  Jinran  Public  Utilities  Company  Limited  (the 'Company'), in the spirit of being responsible to all shareholders, earnestly performed their supervision duties in accordance with the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Articles of Association of the Company and the Listing Rules. In 2022, the members of the Supervisory Committee attended or present at all the general meetings and board meetings, actively participated in the review of major decision-making of the Company, and overseeing the interests of the shareholders, the Company and the employees to the greatest extent according to law. The below reported specific works performed by the Supervisory Committee in 2022:

## I. Meetings of the Supervisory Committee

On 30 March 2022, the third meeting of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee was convened, at which, the Resolution on the Work Report of the Supervisory Committee for 2021 and the Resolution on the Annual Report of the Company for 2021 and its Publication on the Website of the Stock Exchange were considered and approved.

On 7 June 2022, the fourth meeting of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee was convened, at which, the Resolution on the Change of a Supervisor of the Supervisory Committee of the Company was approved.

On 1 August 2022, the fifth meeting of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee was convened, at which, the Resolution on the Election of the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of the Company was approved.

On 26 August 2022, the sixth meeting of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee was convened, at which, the Resolution on the 2022 Interim Report of the Company and its Publication on the Website of the Stock Exchange was approved.

## SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE'S REPORT

## II. Independent opinions of the Supervisory Committee on relevant matters of the Company

## 1. Company's compliance in operations

During  the  reporting  period,  members  of  the  Supervisory  Committee  learned  about  the  major business  decision-making  process  of  the  Company  by  attending  or  presenting  the  board  meetings and the general meeting of the Company, and inspected and supervised the financial position and operation of the Company. The Supervisory Committee believes that the operations of the Company in 2022 were conducted in strict accordance with the Company Law, the Articles of Association, the Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations, and the operation decisions are scientific and reasonable. The Company has established and continuously improved the internal management and internal control system, and formed an effective internal control mechanism. The directors and senior management of the Company performed their duties diligently in compliance with the national laws, regulations,  Articles  of  Association  and  systems,  and  safeguard  the  interests  of  the  Company.  No incidents of violations of laws, regulations nor behaviors to harm the interests of the Company and minority shareholders were discovered.

## 2. Financial activities of the Company

During  the  reporting  period,  the  Supervisory  Committee  of  the  Company  carefully  inspected  and reviewed the financial statements and financial information of the Company. According to the audit report issued by Ernst &amp; Young Hua Ming LLP, the Supervisory Committee believes that the financial report of the Company for the year 2022 presented a true and objective view of the financial position and operating results of the Company.

## 3. Connected transactions of the Company

During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee supervised the Board in their approval of the following proposals on connected transactions:

- (1) Resolution regarding entering into of the Entrusted Procurement Agreement with Jinran China Resources;
- (2) Resolution regarding entering into of the Gas Meters Installation Agreement with Jinran China Resources;
- (3) Resolution  on  reviewing  the  connected  transaction  for  procurement  of  gas  meters  (large diaphragm meter);

## SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE'S REPORT

- (4) Resolution on reviewing the connected transaction for indoor gas meters installation services in newly built residential premises;
- (5) Resolution on reviewing the connected transaction for procurement of gas meters;
- (6) Resolution  regarding  entering  into  the  city  gas  supply  contract  (2023)  with  Jinran  China Resources;
- (7) Resolution on entering into of the Supplementary Agreement to Engineering Works Framework Agreement with Tianjin Energy.

In addition to the above-mentioned connected transactions, other connected transactions in ordinary operations did not exceed the cap of relevant regulations. The Supervisory Committee believes that the connected transactions of the Company in the year 2022 were conducted on normal commercial terms  and  in  compliance  with  the  provisions  of  the  national  laws,  regulations  and  the  Articles  of Association, and fulfilled the obligation of information disclosure in accordance with the Listing Rules.

## III. Work plan for 2023

In  2023,  the  members of the Supervisory Committee of the Company will continue to earnestly study the relevant  national  laws  and  regulations,  improve  their  professional  ability  and  strengthen  their  awareness of  supervision  and  performance  of  their  duties  of  diligence.  In  the  spirit  of  being  responsible  to  the shareholders and the employees of the Company, the members will, with the Company's operations as the core, effectively supervise the Company's major decision-making matters by attending the board meetings and  the  general  meeting.  We  will  urge  and  further  strengthen  the  Company's  risk  prevention  awareness, further improve the Company's internal control system, and facilitate the Company's standardized operation and sustainable and healthy development.

Supervisory Committee of Tianjin Jinran Public Utilities Company Limited 28 March 2023

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young Hua Ming LLP Level 17, Ernst &amp; Young Tower Oriental Plaza No. 1 East Chang An Avenue Dong Cheng District Beijing, China 100738

## AUDITOR'S REPORT

ϰͽൢ ب ๢࠴ ࣗ ՗ੁ ؀ ă॑बಣ௣ϑ࿗Ą ˁ੣̻՛ͥ ܘس ੈ ۃس ϰൽGLYPH&lt;c=23,font=/IIQGXI+LiHeiPro-ETen-B5-H&gt; ༚ س ̅ᅪ౅ϰͽʩᆨ 17 ᅟ ඵ ݭ ሇᇬí 100738

Tel ྑ༽ : +86 10 5815 3000 Fax ෮ॳ : +86 10 8518 8298 ey.com

Ernst &amp; Young Hua Ming (2023) Shen Zi No.61311187\_L01 Tianjin Jinran Public Utilities Company Limited

To the shareholders of Tianjin Jinran Public Utilities Company Limited:

## 1. OPINION

We have audited the financial statements of Tianjin Jinran Public Utilities Company Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (the 'Group'), which comprise the consolidated and company statements of financial position  as  at  31  December  2022,  and  the  consolidated  and  company  statements  of  profit  or  loss, statements of changes in equity and statements of cash flows for the year then ended, and the notes to the financial statements.

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material aspects, the consolidated and  company  financial  position  of  Tianjin  Jinran  Public  Utilities  Company  Limited  as  at  31  December 2022 and the consolidated and company financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.

## 2. BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with China Standards on Auditing. Our responsibilities under those standards  are  further  described  in  the Auditor's  responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the  financial  statements section  of  our  report.  We  are  independent  in  accordance  with China  Code  of  Ethics  for  Certified  Public Accountants  (the  'Code'),  and  we  have  fulfilled  our  other  ethical  responsibilities  in  accordance  with  the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## 3. KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

## AUDITOR'S REPORT (continued)

## Ernst &amp; Young Hua Ming (2023) Shen Zi No.61311187\_L01 Tianjin Jinran Public Utilities Company Limited

## 3. KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements  section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying financial statements.

## Key audit matter:

## Impairment of trade receivables

At 31 December 2022, the gross carrying amount of  trade  receivables  was  RMB239,747,346.91, and  the  gross  bad  debt  provision  amounted  to RMB12,446,137.96.  According  to  the  significant accounting  policies  and  estimates  presented  in Note  III.7  and  Note  III.26  to  the  consolidated financial  statements,  the  impairment  of  trade receivables  is  made  based  on  assessment  of the  expected  credit  loss  model.  Significant management judgements need to be made during the  assessment  process.  Management  considers various  factors  which  include  the  ageing  of  the balances,  existence  of  disputes,  recent  historical payment patterns and status, taking into account forward-looking adjustment factors in combination with  economic  policies,  macroeconomic indicators,  industry  risks  and  any  other  available information  concerning  the  creditworthiness  of customers.

The  Group's  disclosures  about  impairment  of trade  receivables  are  included  in  Note  V.2  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter:

We  have  mainly  performed  the  audit  procedures  as below:

- 1) obtained an understanding of the key internal controls  related  to  the  impairment  of  trade receivables  and  tested  the  effectiveness  on control design and implementation;
- 2) assessed  the  reasonableness  of  the  expected credit  loss  model  used  by  management, i n c l u d i n g   management's  credit  risk classification of trade receivables and forwardlooking  information  such  as  macroeconomic performance,  and  compared  historical repayments to assess the customers' financial repayment capacity;
- 3) checked  the  significant  carrying  amounts, reviewed  key  information  such  as  ageing, and  the  rationality  of  the  underlying  data  of management to account for the impairment of trade receivables;
- 4) examined  the  subsequent  collection  of  trade receivables and evaluated the adequacy of bad debt provision;
- 5) assessed  the  adequacy  of  disclosures  related to  the  impairment  of  trade  receivables  and related credit risks in the financial statements made by management.

## AUDITOR'S REPORT (continued)

Ernst &amp; Young Hua Ming (2023) Shen Zi No.61311187\_L01 Tianjin Jinran Public Utilities Company Limited

## 3. KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

## Key audit matter:

## Revenue recognition of gas connection contracts

In  2022,  the  Group  recognised  gas  connection income  of  RMB46,470,268.27.  According  to  the significant  accounting  policies  and  estimates presented  in  Note  III.18  and  Note  III.26  to  the consolidated  financial  statements,  the  revenue from  gas  connection  contracts  is  recognised  by using  the  completion  of  performance  obligation, measured  by  reference  to  the  proportion  of  cost incurred  to  date  to  the  estimated  total  cost  of the  relevant  contracts.  When  determining  the estimated  total  cost  of  contracts  and  the  cost incurred,  significant  estimates  are  involved. Management reviews the estimates of both actual cost and total contract cost in the budget prepared for each contract as the contract progresses.

The  Group's  disclosures  about  revenue  from  gas connection contracts are included in Note V.25 to the consolidated financial statements.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter:

We  have  mainly  performed  the  audit  procedures  as below:

- 1) obtained an understanding of the key internal controls  related  to  the  revenue  recognition of  gas  connection  contracts  and  tested the  effectiveness  on  control  design  and implementation;
- 2) obtained  management's  calculation  working sheet on the on-going gas connection projects as  at  31  December  2022,  and  checked relevant  inputs  involved,  including  costs incurred,  total  estimated  costs;  reviewed  the gas  connection  contracts  and  examined  the construction cost, design and supervision cost, and the installation cost for gas meters;
- 3) examined  the  relevant  contracts,  bank payment  slips  and  the  report  of  construction progress  status  which  had  been  confirmed by  the  supervision  party,  and  evaluated  the rationality  of  the  completion  of  performance obligation  of  the  on-going  gas  connection projects as at 31 December 2022;
- 4) assessed  the  adequacy  of  disclosures  related to  the  revenue  recognition  of  gas  connection contracts in the financial statements made by management.

## AUDITOR'S REPORT (continued)

## Ernst &amp; Young Hua Ming (2023) Shen Zi No.61311187\_L01 Tianjin Jinran Public Utilities Company Limited

## 4. OTHER INFORMATION

The management of the Company is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Annual Report, other than the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is  materially  inconsistent  with  the  financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If,  based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## 5. RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Management is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, and for such internal control is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  financial  statements,  the  management  of  the  Company  is  responsible  for  assessing  the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the management of the Company either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those  charged  with  governance  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  overseeing  the  Group's  financial reporting process.

Ernst &amp; Young Hua Ming (2023) Shen Zi No.61311187\_L01 Tianjin Jinran Public Utilities Company Limited

## 6. AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  financial  statements  as  a  whole are  free  from  material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  and  to  issue  an  auditor's  report  that includes  our  opinion.  Reasonable  assurance  is  a  high  level  of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an audit conducted in accordance with China Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with China Standards on Auditing, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- (1) Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  financial  statements,  whether  due  to fraud  or  error,  design  and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a  material  misstatement  resulting  from  fraud  is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- (2) Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- (3) Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the management.
- (4) Conclude on the appropriateness of the management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

## AUDITOR'S REPORT (continued)

Ernst &amp; Young Hua Ming (2023) Shen Zi No.61311187\_L01 Tianjin Jinran Public Utilities Company Limited

## 6. AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

As part of an audit in accordance with China Standards on Auditing, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: (continued)

- (5) Evaluate  the  overall  presentation  including  the  disclosures,  structure  and  content  of  the  financial statements, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- (6) Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or business  activities  within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  financial  statements.  We  are responsible  for  the  direction,  supervision  and  performance  of  the  group  audit.  We  remain  solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements  regarding  independence  and  to  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  and  other  matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance of the Company, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

| Ernst &amp; Young Hua Ming LLP  Chinese Certified Public Accountant: Wei Shaoxiong  (Engagement partner)  Chinese Certified Public Accountant: Zhang Bin  Beijing, the People's Republic of China  28 March 2023   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

| ASSETS  Note V  31 December 2022  31 December 2021  CURRENT ASSETS  Cash and bank balances  1  1,067,256,503.97  1,150,947,998.99  Trade receivables  2  227,301,208.95  157,289,566.44  Receivables financing  3  140,278,760.77  47,215,625.61  Prepayments  4  2,320,840.92  1,219,482.41  Other receivables  5  1,702,869.48  4,674,905.67  Inventories  6  4,277,384.14  4,661,939.14  Other current assets  7  35,858,336.72  23,237,847.47  Total current assets  1,478,995,904.95  1,389,247,365.73  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Long-term equity investments  8  54,902,040.73  49,135,974.84  Fixed assets  9  884,824,515.39  856,344,015.45  Construction in progress  10  13,027,994.64  4,873,348.18  Intangible assets  11  11,165,918.69  11,449,718.98  Deferred tax assets  12  58,782,769.75  34,323,816.28  Other non-current assets  13  1,606,467.53  -  Total non-current assets  1,024,309,706.73  956,126,873.73  TOTAL ASSETS  2,503,305,611.68  2,345,374,239.46   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)

31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

| LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY  Note V  31 December 2022  31 December 2021  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Trade payables  15  434,170,568.15  200,484,781.18  Contract liabilities  16  291,485,174.92  295,251,725.48  Employee benefits payable  17  17,545,053.63  16,294,651.30  Taxes payable  18  43,029,361.59  46,969,427.84  Other payables  39,178,709.80  31,249,026.50  Total current liabilities  825,408,868.09  590,249,612.30  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Deferred income  19  92,418,010.48  101,466,274.03  Total non-current liabilities  92,418,010.48  101,466,274.03  Total liabilities  917,826,878.57  691,715,886.33  SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY  Share capital  20  183,930,780.00  183,930,780.00  Capital reserve  21  790,332,352.18  790,332,352.18  Specialised reserve  22  550,525.89  298,057.88  Surplus reserve  23  128,277,523.13  128,277,523.13  Retained earnings  24  483,304,751.98  551,650,003.94  Total equity attributable to shareholders of the  Parent  1,586,395,933.18  1,654,488,717.13  Non-controlling interests  (917,200.07)  (830,364.00)  Total shareholders' equity  1,585,478,733.11  1,653,658,353.13  TOTAL LIABILITIES AND  SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY  2,503,305,611.68  2,345,374,239.46   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The financial statements are signed by the following persons:

| Legal Representative:  Chief Financial Officer:  Head of Accounting Department: Du Bing  Chen Tao  Sun Liangchuan   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

| Note V  2022  2021  Revenue  25  1,780,358,629.25  1,579,769,604.57  Less: Cost of sales  25  1,879,473,952.58  1,568,338,292.05  Taxes and surcharges  26  1,944,341.68  2,835,553.62  Administrative expenses  27  33,857,957.80  33,760,441.27  Finance costs  28  (32,614,764.79)  (29,988,723.92)  including: interest income  28  32,833,581.22  30,349,740.19  Add:  Other income  29  2,353,956.28  5,645,680.60  Investment income  30  5,673,148.56  723,962.36  including: Share of profit of an associate  5,673,148.56  723,962.36  Credit impairment losses  31  3,567,690.08  (3,284,418.07)  Operating profit/(loss)  (90,708,063.10)  7,909,266.44  Add: Non-operating income  32  3,976.31  12,596.38  Less: Non-operating expenses  33  2,186,954.71  4,894,624.73  Total profit/(loss)  (92,891,041.50)  3,027,238.09  Less: Income tax expense  35  (24,458,953.47)  1,822,408.57  Net profit/(loss)  (68,432,088.03)  1,204,829.52  Classified by continuity of operations  Profit/(loss) from continuing operations  (68,432,088.03)  1,204,829.52  Classified by ownership  Profit/(loss) attributable to shareholders  of the parent  (68,345,251.96)  1,431,633.17  Profit/(loss) attributable to non-controlling  interests  (86,836.07)  (226,803.65)  Other comprehensive income, net of tax  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

| Note V  2022  2021  Total comprehensive income  (68,432,088.03)  1,204,829.52  Including:  Total comprehensive income attributable to  shareholders of the parent  (68,345,251.96)  1,431,633.17  Total comprehensive income attributable to  non-controlling interests  (86,836.07)  (226,803.65)  Earnings/(loss) per share (RMB/share)  Basic  36  (0.037)  0.001  Diluted  (0.037)  0.001   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2022

| Attributable to shareholders of the parent  Non-controlling  interests  Total shareholders'  equity  Share  capital  Capital  reserve  Specialised  reserve  Surplus  reserve  Retained  earnings  Sub-total  note 1  I.  At beginning of the year  183,930,780.00  790,332,352.18  298,057.88  128,277,523.13  551,650,003.94  1,654,488,717.13  (830,364.00)  1,653,658,353.13  II.  Movements during the year  (i)  Total comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  (68,345,251.96)  (68,345,251.96)  (86,836.07)  (68,432,088.03)  (ii)  Specialised reserve  1.  Appropriation for the year  -  -  252,468.01  -  -  252,468.01  -  252,468.01  III.  At end of the year  183,930,780.00  790,332,352.18  550,525.89  128,277,523.13  483,304,751.98  1,586,395,933.18  (917,200.07)  1,585,478,733.11   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Note 1: Pursuant  to Regulations  for  Withdrawal  and  Use  of  Expenses  for  Safety  Production  Funds  of  Enterprises ,  the  Group is  required  to  provide  safety  production  funds  based  on  revenue  from  sales  of  piped  gas  and  gas  transportation  of the  previous  year.  These  funds  were  used  for  repair,  maintenance  and  installing  safety  facilities.  The  movement  of specialised  reserve  in  this  year  refers  to  the  difference  between  the  amount  provided  according  to  relevant  laws  and regulations and the amount utilised during the year.

## 2021

| Attributable to shareholders of the parent  Non-controlling  interests  Total shareholders'  equity  Share  capital  Capital  reserve  Specialised  reserve  Surplus  reserve  Retained  earnings  Sub-total  note 1  I.  At beginning of the year  183,930,780.00  790,332,352.18  419,169.16  128,078,287.68  646,616,369.62  1,749,376,958.64  (4,836,933.75)  1,744,540,024.89  II.  Movements during the year  (i)  Total comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  1,431,633.17  1,431,633.17  (226,803.65)  1,204,829.52  (ii)  Shareholders' contributions and  reduction in capital  1.  Others  -  -  -  -  (4,233,373.40)  (4,233,373.40)  4,233,373.40  -  (iii)  Profit appropriation  1.  Transfer to surplus reserve  -  -  -  199,235.45  (199,235.45)  -  -  -  2.  Distribution to shareholders  -  -  -  -  (91,965,390.00)  (91,965,390.00)  -  (91,965,390.00)  (iv)  Specialised reserve  1.  Utilisation for the year  -  -  (121,111.28)  -  -  (121,111.28)  -  (121,111.28)  III.  At end of the year  183,930,780.00  790,332,352.18  298,057.88  128,277,523.13  551,650,003.94  1,654,488,717.13  (830,364.00)  1,653,658,353.13   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Note 1: Pursuant  to Regulations  for  Withdrawal  and  Use  of  Expenses  for  Safety  Production  Funds  of  Enterprises ,  the  Group is  required  to  provide  safety  production  funds  based  on  revenue  from  sales  of  piped  gas  and  gas  transportation  of the  previous  year.  These  funds  were  used  for  repair,  maintenance  and  installing  safety  facilities.  The  movement  of specialised  reserve  in  this  year  refers  to  the  difference  between  the  amount  provided  according  to  relevant  laws  and regulations and the amount utilised during the year.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

| Note V  2022  2021  1.  Cash flows from operating activities  Cash received from the sale of goods or  rendering of services  1,778,456,813.37  1,764,562,955.05  Refunds of taxes  16,359,870.86  10,482,029.14  Cash received relating to other operating  activities  36,880,925.16  12,240,533.41  Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities  1,831,697,609.39  1,787,285,517.60  Cash paid for goods and services  1,581,425,324.59  1,477,793,610.40  Cash paid to and on behalf of employees  137,309,282.89  137,884,475.54  Cash paid for all types of taxes  34,272,014.51  74,223,594.44  Cash paid relating to other operating activities  47,865,388.83  21,719,250.83  Sub-total of cash outflows from operating  activities  1,800,872,010.82  1,711,620,931.21  Net cash flows from operating activities  37  30,825,598.57  75,664,586.39  2.  Cash flows from investing activities  Cash received from redemption of investments  110,000,000.00  640,000,000.00  Cash received from income on investments  6,767,384.05  20,274,508.77  Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets,  intangible assets and other long-term assets  813,649.32  3,499.98  Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities  117,581,033.37  660,278,008.75  Cash paid for acquisitions of fixed assets,  intangible assets, and other long-term assets  120,943,030.97  106,732,820.44  Cash paid for acquisition of investments  -  100,000,000.00  Sub-total of cash outflows from investing  activities  120,943,030.97  206,732,820.44  Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities  (3,361,997.60)  453,545,188.31   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

| Note V  2022  2021  3.  Cash flows from financing activities  Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities  -  -  Cash payments for distribution of dividends  or profit and interest expenses  -  92,006,494.51  Sub-total of cash outflows from financing  activities  -  92,006,494.51  Net cash flows used in financing activities  -  (92,006,494.51)  4.  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes  on cash and cash equivalents  -  -  5.  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  37  27,463,600.97  437,203,280.19  Add: Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of  the year  37  936,589,733.94  499,386,453.75  6.  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  37  964,053,334.91  936,589,733.94   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

| ASSETS  Note XIII  31 December 2022  31 December 2021  CURRENT ASSETS  Cash and bank balances  1,066,861,168.40  1,149,926,848.97  Trade receivables  1  227,301,208.95  157,289,566.44  Receivables financing  140,278,760.77  47,215,625.61  Prepayments  2,320,790.67  1,219,432.16  Other receivables  2  5,648,524.05  8,591,127.68  Inventories  4,277,384.14  4,661,939.14  Other current assets  35,836,289.27  23,151,041.91  Total current assets  1,482,524,126.25  1,392,055,581.91  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Long-term equity investments  3  54,902,040.73  49,135,974.84  Fixed assets  884,824,515.39  856,344,015.45  Construction in progress  13,027,994.64  4,873,348.18  Intangible assets  11,165,918.69  11,449,718.98  Deferred tax assets  63,782,769.75  39,323,816.28  Other non-current assets  1,606,467.53  -  Total non-current assets  1,029,309,706.73  961,126,873.73  TOTAL ASSETS  2,511,833,832.98  2,353,182,455.64   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)

31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

| LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY  Note XIII  31 December 2022  31 December 2021  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Trade payables  434,026,568.15  200,438,781.18  Contract liabilities  291,485,174.92  295,251,725.48  Employee benefits payable  17,544,762.17  16,294,359.84  Taxes payable  43,007,253.05  46,882,561.19  Other payables  36,577,341.80  28,621,637.70  Total current liabilities  822,641,100.09  587,489,065.39  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Deferred income  92,418,010.48  101,466,274.03  Total non-current liabilities  92,418,010.48  101,466,274.03  Total liabilities  915,059,110.57  688,955,339.42  SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY  Share capital  183,930,780.00  183,930,780.00  Capital reserve  790,332,352.18  790,332,352.18  Specialised reserve  550,525.89  298,057.88  Surplus reserve  128,277,523.13  128,277,523.13  Retained earnings  493,683,541.21  561,388,403.03  Total shareholders' equity  1,596,774,722.41  1,664,227,116.22  TOTAL LIABILITIES AND  SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY  2,511,833,832.98  2,353,182,455.64   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

| Note XIII  2022  2021  Revenue  4  1,780,358,629.25  1,579,769,604.57  Less: Cost of sales  4  1,879,473,952.58  1,568,338,292.05  Taxes and surcharges  1,943,591.68  2,834,696.22  Administrative expenses  33,132,165.58  32,973,107.55  Finance costs  (32,615,448.78)  (29,988,057.84)  Including: Interest income  32,831,952.31  30,348,244.81  Add:  Other income  2,353,956.28  5,645,680.60  Investment income  5  5,673,148.56  723,962.36  Including: Share of profit of an associate  5,673,148.56  723,962.36  Credit impairment losses  3,567,690.08  (3,284,418.07)  Operating profit/(loss)  (89,980,836.89)  8,696,791.48  Add: Non-operating income  3,976.31  12,596.38  Less: Non-operating expenses  2,186,954.71  4,894,624.73  Total profit/(loss)  (92,163,815.29)  3,814,763.13  Less: Income tax expense  (24,458,953.47)  1,822,408.57  Net profit/(loss)  (67,704,861.82)  1,992,354.56  Including: Continuing operations  (67,704,861.82)  1,992,354.56  Other comprehensive income, net of tax  -  -  Total comprehensive income  (67,704,861.82)  1,992,354.56   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2022

| Share  capital  Capital  reserve  Specialised  reserve  Surplus  reserve  Retained  earnings  Total  shareholders'  equity  note 1  I.  At beginning of the year  183,930,780.00  790,332,352.18  298,057.88  128,277,523.13  561,388,403.03  1,664,227,116.22  II.  Movements during the year  (i)  Total comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  (67,704,861.82)  (67,704,861.82)  (ii) Specialised reserve  1.  Utilisation for the year  -  -  252,468.01  -  -  252,468.01  III. At end of the year  183,930,780.00  790,332,352.18  550,525.89  128,277,523.13  493,683,541.21  1,596,774,722.41   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Note 1: Pursuant to Regulations for Withdrawal and Use of Expenses for Safety Production Funds of Enterprises, the Company is  required  to  provide  safety  production  funds  based  on  revenue  from  sales  of  piped  gas  and  gas  transportation  of the  previous  year.  These  funds  were  used  for  repair,  maintenance  and  installing  safety  facilities.  The  movement  of specialised  reserve  in  this  year  refers  to  the  difference  between  the  amount  provided  according  to  relevant  laws  and regulations and the amount utilised during the year.

2021

| Share  capital  Capital  reserve  Specialised  reserve  Surplus  reserve  Retained  earnings  Total  shareholders'  equity  note 1  I.  At beginning of the year  183,930,780.00  790,332,352.18  419,169.16  128,078,287.68  651,560,673.92  1,754,321,262.94  II.  Movements during the year  (i)  Total comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  1,992,354.56  1,992,354.56  (ii) Profit appropriation  1.  Transfer to surplus reserve  -  -  -  199,235.45  (199,235.45)  -  2.  Distribution to shareholders  -  -  -  -  (91,965,390.00)  (91,965,390.00)  (iii)  Specialised reserve  1.  Utilisation for the year  -  -  (121,111.28)  -  -  (121,111.28)  III. At end of the year  183,930,780.00  790,332,352.18  298,057.88  128,277,523.13  561,388,403.03  1,664,227,116.22   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Note 1: Pursuant to Regulations for Withdrawal and Use of Expenses for Safety Production Funds of Enterprises, the Company is  required  to  provide  safety  production  funds  based  on  revenue  from  sales  of  piped  gas  and  gas  transportation  of the  previous  year.  These  funds  were  used  for  repair,  maintenance  and  installing  safety  facilities.  The  movement  of specialised  reserve  in  this  year  refers  to  the  difference  between  the  amount  provided  according  to  relevant  laws  and regulations and the amount utilised during the year.

## STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

| 2022  2021  1.  Cash flows from operating activities  Cash received from the sale of goods or rendering of services  1,778,456,813.37  1,764,562,955.05  Refunds of taxes  16,359,870.86  10,482,029.14  Cash received relating to other operating activities  36,879,296.25  12,239,038.03  Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities  1,831,695,980.48  1,787,284,022.22  Cash paid for goods and services  1,581,610,130.15  1,477,793,610.40  Cash paid to and on behalf of employees  137,197,218.19  137,751,502.54  Cash paid for all types of taxes  34,206,506.40  74,309,844.00  Cash paid relating to other operating activities  48,006,082.68  21,743,250.98  Sub-total of cash outflows from operating activities  1,801,019,937.42  1,711,598,207.92  Net cash flows from operating activities  30,676,043.06  75,685,814.30  2.  Cash flows from investing activities  Cash received from redemption of investments  110,000,000.00  640,000,000.00  Cash received from income on investments  6,767,384.05  20,274,508.77  Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets,  intangible assets and other long-term assets  813,649.32  3,499.98  Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities  117,581,033.37  660,278,008.75  Cash paid for acquisitions of fixed assets, intangible assets,  and other long-term assets  120,943,030.97  106,732,820.44  Cash paid for acquisition of investments  -  100,000,000.00  Sub-total of cash outflows from investing activities  120,943,030.97  206,732,820.44  Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities  (3,361,997.60)  453,545,188.31   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

| 2022  2021  3.  Cash flows from financing activities  Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities  -  -  Cash payments for distribution of dividends or profit and interest  expenses  -  92,006,494.51  Sub-total of cash outflows from financing activities  -  92,006,494.51  Net cash flows used in financing activities  -  (92,006,494.51)  4.  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and  cash equivalents  -  -  5.  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  27,314,045.46  437,224,508.10  Add: Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  936,512,536.64  499,288,028.54  6.  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  963,826,582.10  936,512,536.64   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## I. BASIC INFORMATION

Tianjin Jinran Public Utilities Company Limited (the 'Company') is a joint stock limited company registered in  Tianjin,  the  People's  Republic  of  China  (the  'PRC')  on  16  December  1998.  The  Company's  overseas listed  foreign  shares  ('H  Shares')  were  listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  (the  'Stock Exchange'). The Company's headquarters is located at No.18 Zhengzhou Road, Heping District, Tianjin.

The  principal  activities  of  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'Group')  are operation of gas; installation and repair of gas-fired appliance; gas vehicle refuelling business; various types of  engineering  construction  activities  (for  items  that  are  subject  to  approval  in  accordance  with  the  laws, business  activities  can  only  be  conducted  after  obtaining  approval(s)  from  the  relevant  departments,  and the actual business projects as approved under the approval documents or licence documents granted by the relevant departments shall prevail); technical services, technology development, technology consulting, technology  exchange,  technology  transfer,  technology  promotion;  exclusive  insurance  agency  business within the scope of the insurance company's authorisation (operating under the authorisation); sales agent; lease of non-residential real estate; sales of non-electric household appliances; pipeline transportation over land; lease of special equipment (except for the items subject to approval by laws, business activities can be carried out independently with the business licence in accordance with the laws); science and technology intermediary services; information consulting services; and mining investment.

The Company's previous parent company was Tianjin Gas Group Company Limited （天津市燃氣集團有限公 司） ('Tianjin Gas'). On 28 April 2022, Tianjin Gas and Jinran China Resources Gas Co., Ltd. （津燃華潤燃氣 有限公司） ('Jinran China Resources', a joint venture of Tianjin Gas and China Resources Gas (Hong Kong) Investment  Limited)  entered  into  a  domestic  share  transfer  agreement  for  the  transfer  of  1,297,547,800 domestic  shares  (representing  70.54%  of  the  total  issued  share  capital  of  the  Company)  held  by  Tianjin Gas  to  Jinran  China  Resources  at  a  price  of  RMB0.899  per  share  amounting  to  a  total  consideration  of RMB1,167,166,362.82.  The  share  transfer  was  completed  on  25  May  2022.  Since  then,  the  Company's holding company became Jinran China Resources.

The Company's ultimate holding company is Tianjin State-owned Capital Investment Management Co., Ltd. （天津國有資本投資運營有限公司） ('Tianjin  Capital'),  whose  shares  are  held  by  the  State-owned  Assets Supervision Commission of Tianjin Municipal Government.

These financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors of the Company on 28 March 2023. According to the articles of association of the Company, the financial statements will be submitted to the shareholders' meeting for approval.

The scope of the consolidated financial statements shall be determined on the basis of control. Refer to Note VI for the change of scope for the year.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## II. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial statements are prepared in accordance with 'Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises -  General  Principles'  issued  by  the  Ministry  of  Finance  of  the  People's  Republic  of  China,  together  with specific accounting standards, application guidance, interpretations and other related regulations issued and revised thereafter ('Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises', collectively).

The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.

The  financial  statements  are  prepared  under  the  historical  cost  convention,  except  for  certain  financial instruments. If the assets are impaired, corresponding provisions for impairment shall be made according to relevant rules.

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

The  Group  made  specific  accounting  policies  and  accounting  estimates  based  on  the  characteristics  of actual production and operation, including the provision for bad debts of receivables, depreciation of fixed assets, amortisation of intangible assets, recognition and measurement of revenue, recognition of deferred tax assets, fair value measurement and valuation, etc.

## 1. Statement of compliance with Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises

The financial  statements  present  truly  and  completely,  the  financial  position  of  the  Group  and  the Company as at 31 December 2022 and the financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.

## 2. Accounting period

The accounting year for the Group is from 1 January to 31 December of each calendar year.

## 3. Functional currency

The Group's functional and presentation currency is Renminbi ('RMB'). Unless otherwise stated, the unit of the currency is RMB Yuan.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 4. Business combinations

Business  combinations  are  classified  into  business  combinations  involving  entities  under  common control and business combinations not involving entities under common control.

## Business combinations involving entities under common control

A business combination involving entities under common control is a business combination in which all  of  the  combining entities are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before and after the business combination, and that control is not transitory.

Assets and liabilities that are obtained by the acquirer in a business combination involving entities under  common  control  (including  the  goodwill  generated  by  the  ultimate  holding  party  in  the acquisition of the acquiree) shall be measured at their carrying amounts at the combination date as recorded in the financial statements by the acquiree. The difference between the carrying amount of the net assets obtained and the carrying amount of the consideration paid for the combination (or the aggregate face value of shares issued as consideration) shall be adjusted to share premium under capital surplus. If the capital surplus is not sufficient to absorb the difference, any excess shall be adjusted against retained earnings.

## Business combinations not involving entities under common control

A business combination not involving entities under common control is a business combination in which all  of  the  combining  entities  are  not  ultimately  controlled  by  the  same  party  or  parties  both before and after the combination.

The  acquirer  shall  measure  the  acquiree's  identifiable  assets,  liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities acquired in the business combination at their fair values on the acquisition date.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 4. Business combinations (continued)

## Business combinations not involving entities under common control (continued)

Goodwill is initially recognised at cost being the excess of the aggregate fair value of the consideration transferred  (or  the  fair  value  of  the  equity  securities  issued)  and  any  fair  value  of  the  acquirer's previously  held  equity  interest  in  the  acquiree  over  the  net  identifiable  assets  acquired  at  the acquisition  date.  After  initial  recognition,  goodwill  is  measured  at  cost  less  any  accumulated impairment  losses.  In  the  event  that  the  sum  of  the  fair  value  of  the  consolidation  consideration paid  (or  the  fair  value  of  the  equity  securities  issued)  and  the  fair  value  of  the  equity  interests  in the  acquiree  held  before  the  date  of  acquisition  is  less  than  the  share  of  the  fair  value  of  the  net identifiable assets of the acquiree acquired in the consolidation, the measurement of the fair value of the various identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the acquiree acquired and the fair  value  of  the  consolidation  consideration  paid  (or  the  fair  value  of  the  equity  securities  issued) and the fair value of the equity interests in the acquiree held before the date of acquisition shall be reviewed.  If  the  sum  of  this  consideration  and  other  items  mentioned  above  is  lower  than  the  fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit or loss of the current period.

## 5. Consolidated financial statements

The consolidation scope of consolidated financial statements is determined on the basis of control, including the financial statements of the Company and all of its subsidiaries. A subsidiary is an entity that is controlled by the Company (including enterprise, divided part of the investee and a structured entity that is controlled by the Company).

In  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  when  the  accounting  policies  of  a subsidiary  are  different  from  those  of  the  Company,  the  Company  shall  make  adjustments  to  the financial  statements  of  the  subsidiary  based  on  its  own  accounting  policies.  All  intra-group  assets, liabilities,  equities,  revenues,  expenses  and  cash  flows  resulting  from  intra-group  transactions  are eliminated on consolidation in full.

Where the amount of losses of a subsidiary attributable to non-controlling shareholders exceeds the opening balance of owners' equity attributable to non-controlling shareholders of the subsidiary, the excess shall still be allocated against non-controlling interests.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 5. Consolidated financial statements (continued)

For  subsidiaries  acquired  through  business  combinations  not  involving  entities  under  common control,  the  operating  results  and  cash  flows  of  the  acquiree  shall  be  included  in  the  consolidated financial statements, from the date on which the Group obtains control, till the Group ceases to have control  on  it.  While  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  acquirer  shall  adjust  the subsidiary's financial statements, on the basis of the fair values of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities recognised on the acquisition date.

For subsidiaries acquired through business combinations involving entities under common control, the operating results and cash flows of the acquiree shall be included in the consolidated financial statements from the beginning of the period in which the combination occurs. While preparing the comparative consolidated financial statements, adjustments are made to related items in the financial statements for the prior period as if the reporting entity established through combination had been in existence since the ultimate holding party began to exercise control.

The  Group  shall  reassess  whether  it  controls  an  investee  if  facts  and  circumstances  indicate  that there are changes to one or more of elements of control.

## 6. Cash and cash equivalents

Cash comprises the Group's cash on hand and deposits that can be readily withdrawn on demand. Cash  equivalents  are  short-term  highly  liquid  investments  held  by  the  Group  that  are  readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

## 7. Financial instruments

A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.

## Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments

The  Group  recognises  a  financial  asset  or  a  financial  liability  when  it  becomes  a  party  to  the contractual provisions of a financial instrument.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 7. Financial instruments (continued)

## Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments (continued)

The Group derecognises a financial asset (or part of a financial asset, or part of a group of similar financial assets), that is to be written off from the accounts and the statement of financial position when the following criteria are met:

- (1) the rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset have expired;
- (2) the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset, or has an obligation to pay them in full without material delay to a third party under a 'pass-through' arrangement;  and  either  (a)  has  transferred  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  the financial  asset,  or  (b)  has  neither  transferred  nor  retained  substantially  all  the  risks  and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the financial asset.

If  the  underlying  obligation  of  a  financial  liability  has  been  fulfilled,  discharged,  cancelled,  or  has expired,  the  financial  liability  is  derecognised.  If  an  existing  financial  liability  is  replaced  by  the same creditor with a new financial liability  that  has  substantially  different  terms,  or  if  the  terms  of an existing financial liability are substantially revised, such replacement or revision is accounted for as  the  derecognition  of  the  original  liability  and  the  recognition  of  a  new  liability,  and  the  resulted difference is recognised in profit or loss of the current period.

Regular way purchase or sale of financial assets is recognised and derecognised using trade date accounting. Regular way purchase or sale of financial assets refers to that the financial assets are delivered  to  or  by  the  Group  under  the  terms  of  a  contract  within  a  period  as  specified  by  law  or general practice. The trade date is the date that the Group undertakes to buy or sell a financial asset.

## Classification and measurement of financial assets

The Group's financial assets are, on initial recognition, classified into the following categories based on  the  business  model  of  the  Group's  financial  asset  management  and  the  characteristics  of  the financial assets' contractual cash flows: financial assets measured at amortised cost,financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets measured at fair value through profit  or  loss.  All  affected  related  financial  assets  will  be  reclassified  only  if  the  Group  changes  its business model for managing financial assets.

A  financial  asset  is  initially  recognised  at  fair  value.  However,  if  the  initial  recognition  of  trade receivables or bills receivable arising from the sale of goods or rendering of services does not include significant financing components or does not consider financing components not exceeding one year, it shall be initially confirmed at the transaction price.

For financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss, the related transaction expense is directly recognised in profit or loss for the current period, transaction costs related to other types of financial assets are included in their initial recognition amount.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 7. Financial instruments (continued)

## Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)

Subsequent measurement of a financial asset is determined by its category as follows:

## Debt instrument investments measured at amortised cost

Financial assets are classified as financial assets measured at amortised cost if the financial assets meet  the  following  conditions:  The  Group's  business  model  for  managing  the  financial  assets  is to  collect  contractual  cash  flows;  the  contractual  terms  of  the  financial  assets  stipulate  that  cash flows  generated  on  a  specific  date  is  only  the  payment  of  the  principal  and  the  interest  based  on the  outstanding  principal  amount.  For  such  financial  assets,  the  effective  interest  method  is  used for  recognition  of  interest  income.  The  gains  or  losses  arising  from  derecognition,  modification  or impairment are recognised in profit or loss of the current period.

## Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income

The Group measures financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income if both of the following conditions are met: the financial asset is held within a business model with the objective of  both  holding  to  collect  contractual  cash  flows  and  selling;  the  contractual  terms  of  the  financial asset  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments  of  principal  and  interest on  the  principal  amount  outstanding.  Interest  income  is  recognised  using  the  effective  interest method.  The  interest  income,  impairment  losses  and  foreign  exchange  revaluation  are  recognised in  profit  or  loss.  The  remaining  fair  value  changes  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognised in other comprehensive income is recycled to profit or loss.

## Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss

Except  for  the  financial  assets  measured  at  amortised  cost  and  financial  assets  measured  at fair  value  through  other  comprehensive  income,  other  financial  assets  are  classified  as  financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss. For such financial assets, fair value is used for subsequent measurement, and all changes in fair value are recognised in profit or loss for the current period.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 7. Financial instruments (continued)

## Classification and measurement of financial liabilities

The Group's financial liabilities are, on initial recognition, classified into financial liabilities measured at  amortised  cost.  Transaction  costs  relating  to  financial  liabilities  measured  at  amortised  cost  are included in the initial recognition amounts.

Subsequent measurement of a financial liability is determined by its category as follows:

## Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

After initial recognition, such kind of financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost by using the effective interest method.

## Impairment of financial instruments

The Group performs impairment treatment on financial assets measured at amortised cost and debt instrument investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and provides impairment provision on the basis of expected credit losses.

For receivables which do not contain significant financing components, the Group uses a simplified measurement  method  to  provide  loss  provision  based  on  the  amount  of  expected  credit  losses equivalent to the entire duration of life.

In  addition  to  the  mentioned  financial  assets  other  than  the  simplified  measurement  method,  the Group assesses whether the credit risk of financial assets has increased significantly since the initial recognition on each balance sheet date. If the credit risk has increased significantly since the initial recognition, as at stage 1, the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month expected credit losses, and the interest income is measured by carrying amount and the effective interest rate; if  the  credit  risk  has  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  but  not  credit-impaired,  as  at stage 2, the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses, and the interest income is measured by carrying amount and the effective interest rate; if the financial assets are credit-impaired after initial recognition, as at stage 3, the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses, and the interest income is measured by amortised cost and the effective interest rate. The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has  not  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  if  the  financial  instrument  is  determined  to have low credit risk at the balance sheet date.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 7. Financial instruments (continued)

## Impairment of financial instruments (continued)

The Group assesses the expected credit losses of financial instruments based on an individual and a collective basis. The Group considers credit risk characteristics of different customers, and assesses the expected credit losses of receivables financial instruments based on an ageing collective basis.

Refer to Note VII.2 for the details of the Group's judging criteria of significant increase of credit risk, the definition of the financial assets that are credit-impaired.

The Group measures expected credit losses on a financial instrument in a way that reflects: (a) an unbiased  and  probability-weighted  amount  that  is  determined  by  evaluating  a  range  of  possible outcomes;  (b)  the  time  value  of  money;  and  (c)  reasonable  and  supportable  information  that  is available without undue cost or effort at the end of the reporting period about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

When the Group no longer reasonably expects to be able to fully or partially recover the contractual cash  flows  of  financial  assets,  the  Group  writes  down  the  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  assets directly.

## Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of  financial  position  if  there  is  a  currently  enforceable  legal  right  to  offset  the  recognised  amounts and there is an intention to settle on the net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 7. Financial instruments (continued)

## Transfer of financial assets

The financial asset is derecognised if the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset to transferee; and the financial asset is not derecognised if the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset.

If  the  Group  neither  transfers  nor  retains  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  ownership  of the  financial  asset,  the  transaction  is  accounted  for  as  follows:  (i)  if  the  Group  has  not  retained control, the financial asset is derecognised and any resulting assets or liabilities are recognised; or (ii) if the Group has retained control, the financial asset is recognised to the extent of its continuing involvement in the transferred financial asset and an associated liability is recognised.

Continuing  involvement  that  takes  the  form  of  a  financial  guarantee  over  the  transferred  asset  is recognised at the lower of the original carrying amount of the financial asset and guarantee amount. Financial  guarantee is  the  maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

## 8. Inventories

Inventories include natural gas, gas meters, gas cookers and low value consumables.

Inventories  are  initially  carried  at  actual  cost.  Cost  of  inventories  comprises  all  costs  of  purchase, costs of conversion and other costs. The actual cost of inventories transferred out is determined by using  the  first-in  first-out  method.  Low  value  consumables  are  amortised  by  using  the  immediate write-off method.

The Group adopts a perpetual inventory system.

At  the  balance  sheet  date,  inventories  are  measured  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value. If  the  cost  of  inventories  is  higher  than  the  net  realisable  value,  a  provision  for  decline  in  value  of inventories  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  Net  realisable  value  is  the  estimated  selling  price  in  the ordinary  course  of  business  deducted  by  the  estimated  costs  to  completion,  the  estimated  selling expenses and the related taxes. Provision is considered on an individual basis for all inventories.

Costs to fulfil a contract classified as current assets are presented in inventories.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 9. Long-term equity investments

Long-term equity investments include investments in subsidiaries and associates.

A long-term equity investment is recorded at its initial investment cost on acquisition. For a long-term equity investment acquired through a business combination involving entities under common control, the initial investment cost of the long-term equity investment is the acquirer's share of the carrying amount of acquiree's equity at the combination date in the consolidated financial statements of the ultimate holding party; the difference between the carrying amount of the net assets obtained and the carrying amount of the consideration paid for the combination shall be adjusted to share premium under capital surplus (if the capital surplus is not sufficient to absorb the difference, any excess shall be  adjusted  against  retained  earnings).  The  other  comprehensive  income  before  the  combination date is accounted for in the disposal of such investment under the same accounting basis applied by the acquiree in direct disposal of relevant assets and liabilities. The shareholders' equity recognised due to acquiree's movements other than net profits, other comprehensive income and distribution of profits is recognised in profit or loss of the current period during disposal. If the investment remains to be classified as long-term equity investment after disposal, the equity is carried forward on a pro rata basis. If the investment is reclassified as financial instruments after disposal, the equity is carried forward  entirely.  For  a  long-term  equity  investment  through  a  business  combination  not  involving entities  under  common  control,  the  initial  investment  cost  of  the  long-term  equity  investment  is the  cost  of  combination  (for  a  business  combination  not  involving  entities  under  common  control achieved in stages that involves multiple exchange transactions, the initial investment cost is carried at  the  aggregate  of  the  carrying  amount  of  the  acquirer's  previously  held  equity  interest  in  the acquiree  and  the  new  investment  cost  incurred  on  the  acquisition  date).  The  cost  of  combination is the aggregate of the fair values, at the acquisition date, of the assets given, liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity securities issued by the acquirer, in exchange for control of the acquiree. Other comprehensive  income  recognised  using  the  equity  method  that  consists  of  the  initial  investment cost  before  the  date  of  acquisition  should  be  accounted  for  in  the  disposal  of  such  investment under the same accounting basis applied by the acquiree in direct disposal of relevant assets and liabilities.  The  shareholders' equity recognised due to acquiree's movements other than net profits, other comprehensive income, and distribution of profits is recognised in profit or loss of the current period during disposal. If the investment remains to be classified as long-term equity investment after disposal, the equity is carried forward on a pro rata basis. If the investment is reclassified as financial instruments after disposal, the equity is carried forward entirely. For a long-term equity investment acquired  other  than  through  a  business  combination,  the  initial  investment  cost  is  determined  as follows:  for  a  long-term  equity  investment  acquired  by  paying  cash,  the  initial  investment  cost  is the  actual  purchase  price  paid  and  those  costs,  taxes  and  other  necessary  expenditures  directly attributable to the acquisition of the long-term equity investment; for a long-term equity investment acquired by the issue of equity securities, the initial investment cost is the fair value of the securities issued.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 9. Long-term equity investments (continued)

For  a  long-term  equity  investment  where  the  Company  can  exercise  control  over  the  investee,  the long-term investment is accounted for using the cost method in the Company's financial statements. Control is the power over an investee. An investor must have exposure or rights to variable returns from its involvement with the investee, and the ability to use its power over the investee to affect the amount of the investor's returns.

Under the cost method, the long-term equity investment is measured at its initial investment cost. The cost of long-term equity investment is adjusted if capital is contributed or withdrawn. The cash dividend or profit  distribution  declared  by  the  investee  is  recognised  as  investment  income  for  the period.

The  equity  method  is  adopted  when  the  Group  exercises  significant  influence  on  the  investee. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control with other parties over those policies.

Under the equity method, where the initial investment cost of a long-term equity investment exceeds the  investing  enterprise's  interest  in  the  fair  values  of  the  investee's  identifiable  net  assets  at  the acquisition date, no adjustment is made to the initial investment cost. Where the initial investment cost is less than the investing enterprise's interest in the fair values of the investee's identifiable net assets at the acquisition date, the difference is charged to profit or loss of the current period, and the cost of the long-term equity investment is adjusted accordingly.

Under  the  equity  method,  the  Group  recognises  its  share  of  the  net  profits  or  losses  and other  comprehensive  income  made  by  the  investee  as  investment  income  or  losses  and  other comprehensive income respectively, and adjusts the carrying amount of the investment accordingly. The  Group  recognises  its  share  of  the  investee's  net  profits  or  losses  after  making  appropriate adjustments  to  the  investee's  net  profits  and  losses  based  on  the  fair  value  of  the  investee's identifiable  assets  at  the  acquisition  date,  using  the  Group's  accounting  policies  and  periods,  and eliminating the portion of the profits or losses arising from internal transactions with its associates, attributable to the investing entity according to its share ratio (but impairment losses for assets arising from internal transactions shall be recognised in full), except for the disposal of assets that consist of operations. The carrying amount of the investment is reduced based on the Group's share of any profit distributions or cash dividends declared by the investee. The Group's share of net losses of the investee is  recognised to the extent the carrying amount of the investment together with any longterm interests that in substance form part of its net investment in the investee is reduced to zero, except that the Group has the obligations to assume additional losses. The Group adjusts the carrying amount of the long-term equity investment for any changes in shareholders' equity of the investee (other than net profits or losses, other comprehensive income, and profit distribution) and includes the corresponding adjustments in the shareholders' equity of the Group.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 9. Long-term equity investments (continued)

On  disposal  of  a  long-term  equity  investment,  the  difference  between  the  proceeds  actually received  and  the  carrying  amount  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  of  the  current  period;  for  a  longterm equity investment ceased to be accounted for using the equity method on disposal, the other comprehensive  income  relevant  to  the  equity  method  is  processed  under  the  same  accounting basis  applied  by  the  acquiree  in  direct  disposal  of  relevant  assets  and  liabilities.  Changes  in shareholders' equity of the investee (other than net profits or losses, other comprehensive income, and profit distribution) should be recognised as profit or loss of the current period; for a long-term equity  investment  remains  to  be  accounted  for  using  the  equity  method,  the  other  comprehensive income originally  accounted  for  using  the  equity  method  is  processed  under  the  same  accounting basis applied by the acquiree in direct disposal of relevant assets and liabilities, and is transferred to  profit  or  loss  of  the  current  period  according  to  the  proportion  disposed  of.  Any  changes  in  the shareholders' equity of the investee (other than net profits or losses, other comprehensive income, and profit distribution) included in the shareholders' equity of the Group is transferred to profit or loss of the current period on a pro-rata basis according to the proportion disposed of.

## 10.  Fixed assets

A fixed asset is recognised only when the economic benefits associated with the asset will probably flow  into  the  Group  and  the  cost  of  the  asset  can  be  measured  reliably.  Subsequent  expenditure incurred  for  a  fixed  asset  that  meets  the  recognition  criteria  shall  be  included  in  the  cost  of  the fixed  asset,  and  the  carrying  amount of the component of the fixed asset that is replaced shall be derecognised.  Otherwise,  such  expenditure  shall  be  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  for  the  period  in which it is incurred.

Fixed  assets  are  initially  measured  at  cost.  The  cost  of  a  purchased  fixed  asset  comprises  the purchase  price,  relevant  taxes  and  any  directly  attributable  expenditure  for  bringing  the  asset  to working condition for intended use.

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 10.  Fixed assets (continued)

Depreciation  is  calculated  using  the  straight-line  method.  The  estimated  useful  lives,  estimated residual value rates and annual depreciation rates of each category of fixed assets are presented as follows:

| Useful life  Estimated residual  value rate  Annual  depreciation rate  Buildings  40 years  10%  2.25%  Pipelines (high-pressure)  30 years  10%  3%  Pipelines (medium-pressure)  25 years  5-10%  3.6-3.8%  Machinery  10-25 years  10%  3.6-9%  Vehicles  5 years  10%  18%  Electronics, furniture and fixtures  5 years  10%  18%  Mining structures  6 years  -  16.67%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group reviews the useful life, estimated net residual value of a fixed asset, and the depreciation method applied at least at each financial year-end, and makes adjustments if necessary.

## 11.  Construction in progress

The cost of construction in progress is determined according to the actual expenditure incurred for the construction, including all necessary construction expenditure incurred during the construction period and other relevant expenses.

Construction in progress is transferred to fixed assets when the asset is ready for its intended use.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 12.  Right-of-use assets

At  the  commencement  date  of  the  lease,  the  Group  recognises  its  right  to  use  the  leased  assets over  the  lease  term  as  a  right-of-use  asset.  Right-of-use  assets  are  initially  measured  at  cost. The  cost  of  the  right-of-use  asset  comprises:  the  amount  of  the  initial  measurement  of  the  lease liability; any lease payments made at or before the commencement date of the lease less any lease incentives received; any initial direct cost incurred; and an estimate of costs incurred by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease. The Group remeasures the lease liability for the revision to the lease payments and adjusts the carrying amount of the right-of-use assets accordingly. The right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis subsequently by the Group. If the Group is reasonably certain that the ownership of the underlying asset  will  be  transferred  to  the  Group  at  the  end  of  the  lease  term,  the  Group  depreciates  the asset from the commencement date to the end of the useful life of the asset. Otherwise, the Group depreciates the assets from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the asset and the end of the lease term.

## 13.  Intangible assets

An  intangible  asset  shall  be  recognised  only  when  it  is  probable  that  the  economic  benefits associated  with  the  asset  will  flow  to  the  enterprise  and  the  cost  of  the  asset  can  be  measured reliably.  Intangible  assets  are  measured  initially  at  cost.  However,  intangible  assets  acquired  in  a business  combination  not  involving  entities  under  common  control  with  a  fair  value  that  can  be measured reliably are recognised separately as intangible assets and measured at fair value.

The useful life of an intangible asset is determined according to the period over which it is expected to generate economic benefits for the Group. An intangible asset is regarded as having an indefinite useful  life  when  there  is  no  foreseeable  limit  to  the  period  over  which  the  asset  is  expected  to generate economic benefits for the Group.

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 13.  Intangible assets (continued)

The useful lives of the intangible assets are as follows:

| Useful life  Land use rights  40-70 years  Software  10 years  Mineral rights  6 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Land use rights that are purchased by the Group are accounted for as intangible assets.

An  intangible  asset  with  a  finite  useful  life  is  amortised  using  the  straight-line  method  over  its useful life. For an intangible asset with a finite useful life, the Group reviews the useful life and the amortisation method at least at each financial year-end and makes adjustment if necessary.

## 14.  Impairment of assets

The Group determines the impairment of assets, other than the impairment of inventories, deferred income taxes and financial assets, using the following methods:

The Group assesses at the balance sheet date whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. If any indication exists that an asset may be impaired, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the asset and performs test for impairment. Goodwill arising from a business combination, an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life and intangible assets that have not been ready for intended use is tested for impairment at least at each year-end, irrespective of whether there is any indication that the asset may be impaired.

The recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and the present value  of  the  future  cash  flows  expected  to  be  derived  from  the  asset.  The  Group  estimates  the recoverable amount on an individual basis. If it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of the individual asset, the Group determines the recoverable amount of the asset group to which the asset belongs. Identification of an asset group is based on whether major cash inflows generated by the asset group are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or asset groups.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 14.  Impairment of assets (continued)

When the recoverable amount of an asset or asset group is less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount  is  reduced  to  the  recoverable  amount.  The  reduction  in  carrying  amount  is  treated  as impairment loss and recognised in profit or loss of the current period. A provision for impairment loss of the asset is recognised accordingly.

For  the  purpose  of  impairment  testing,  the  carrying  amount  of  goodwill  acquired  in  a  business combination is allocated from the acquisition date on a reasonable basis, to each of the related asset groups; if it is impossible to allocate to the related asset groups, it is allocated to each of the related sets of asset groups. Each of the related asset groups or sets of asset groups is an asset group or set of asset group that is able to benefit from the synergies of the business combination and shall not be larger than a reportable segment determined by the Group.

In testing an asset group or a set of asset group to which goodwill has been allocated for impairment, if there is any indication of impairment, the Group firstly tests the asset group or set of asset groups excluding the amount of goodwill allocated for impairment, compares the recoverable amount with the  carrying  amount  and  recognises  impairment  loss  if  any.  After  that,  the  Group  tests  the  asset group or set of asset groups including goodwill for impairment. The carrying amount (including the portion of the carrying amount of goodwill allocated) of the related asset group or set of asset groups is  compared  to  its  recoverable  amount.  If  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  group  or  set  of  asset groups is higher than its recoverable amount, the amount of the impairment loss shall firstly charge against the carrying amount of the goodwill allocated to the asset group or set of asset groups, and then charge against the carrying amount of other assets (other than the goodwill) within the asset group or set of asset groups, on a pro rata basis of the carrying amount of each asset.

Once the above impairment loss is recognised, it cannot be reversed in the subsequent accounting periods.

## 15.  Employee benefits

Employee  benefits  are  all  forms  of  considerations,  except  for  share-based  payments,  given  by an  entity  in  exchange  for  services  rendered  by  employees  or  for  the  termination  of  employment. Employee benefits include short-term benefits, post-employment benefits, termination benefits and other long-term employee benefits. The benefits the Group provided to employees' spouses, children, dependents, and families of deceased employees also belong to employee benefits.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 15.  Employee benefits (continued)

## Short-term benefits

The  actual  short-term  benefits  incurred  during  the  accounting  period  in  which  employees  provide services are recognised as liabilities in the costs of the relevant assets or profit or loss of the current period.

## Post-employment benefits (Defined contribution plan)

The employees of the Group participate in pension insurance and unemployment insurance which are managed by the local government, and the relevant expenditure is recognised, when incurred, in the costs of the relevant assets or profit or loss of the current period.

## Termination benefits

The Group recognises a liability and expenses for termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates:  when  the  Group  can  no  longer  withdraw  the  offer  of  those  benefits;  and  when  the  Group recognises costs for a restructuring and involves the payment of termination costs.

## 16.  Lease liabilities

At the commencement date of the lease, the Group measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that date, except for short-term leases and leases of lowvalue assets. The amount of lease payment includes the amount of fixed payment and substantial fixed payment after deducting the lease incentive, the amount of variable lease payment depending on the index or ratio, the amount expected to be paid according to the guarantee residual value, and the exercise price of the purchase option or the amount to be paid to exercise the lease termination option, provided that the Group reasonably determines that the option will be exercised or the lease term reflects that the Group will exercise the lease termination option.

In  calculating the present value of the lease payments, the Group uses the interest rate implicit in the lease as the discount rate. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group uses the lessee's incremental borrowing rate. The Group calculates the interest expenses of the lease liability in each period during the lease term using the constant periodic rate of interest, and recognises such interest expenses in profit or loss, except those in the costs of the related asset as required. Variable lease payments that are not included in the measurement of the lease liabilities are recognised in profit or loss as incurred, except those in the costs of the related asset as required.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 16.  Lease liabilities (continued)

After the commencement date of the lease period the Group increases the carrying amount of lease liabilities  when  recognising  interest  and  decreases  the  carrying  amount  of  lease  liabilities  when paying lease payments. When the actual fixed payment amount changes, the expected amount of the guarantee residual value changes, or the index or ratio used to determine the lease payment amount changes, the purchase option, the renewal option or the termination option is evaluated. When the results  or  actual  exercise  rights  change,  the  Group  re-measures  the  lease  liability  based  on  the present value of the changed lease payments.

## 17.  Provisions

Except  for  contingent  consideration  transferred  and  contingent  liability  assumed  in  business combinations not involving entities under common control, the Group recognises an obligation related to a contingency as a provision when all of the following conditions are satisfied:

- (1) the obligation is a present obligation of the Group;
- (2) it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits from the Group will be required to settle the obligation;
- (3) the amount of the obligation can be measured reliably.

A provision is initially measured at the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the related present  obligation,  with  comprehensive  consideration  of  factors  such  as  the  risks,  uncertainty  and time  value  of  money  relating  to  a  contingency.  The  carrying  amount  of  a  provision  is  reviewed  on each  balance  sheet  date.  If  there  is  clear  evidence  that  the  carrying  amount  does  not  reflect  the current best estimate, the carrying amount is adjusted to the best estimate.

## 18.  Revenue from contracts with customers

The Group recognises revenue when a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when 'control' of the goods  or  services  underlying  the  particular  performance  obligation  is  transferred  to  the  customer. Taking control of the relevant goods or services means being able to dominate the use of the goods or the provision of the services and obtain almost all of the economic benefits from them.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 18.  Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

## Revenue from sales of goods contracts

The  Group's  contracts  with  customers  for  the  sale  of  goods  generally  include  one  performance obligation.  The  Group  has  concluded  that  revenue  from  the  sale  of  goods  should  be  recognised at  the  point  in  time  when  control  of  the  goods  is  transferred  to  customers  based  on  the  following considerations:  a  present  right  to  payment  for  the  goods,  the  transfer  of  the  significant  risks  and rewards of the ownership of the goods to the customer, the transfer of the legal title of the goods to the customer, the customer's physical possession of the goods and the customer's acceptance of the goods.

## Revenue from gas connection contracts

The Group's contracts with customers for the construction contracts generally include performance obligation in gas connection contracts. As services generated during the Group's performance have irreplaceable  utilisation,  and  the  Group  is  entitled  to  collect  amounts  of  cumulative  performance part  which  have  been  done  up  to  now,  the  Group  considers  such  revenue  as  performance obligations fulfilled during a period of time and recognises the revenue based on the progress of the performance, except for the progress of the performance that cannot be reasonably determined. The Group uses the input method and determines the progress of performance of the services provided on  the  basis  of  costs  incurred.  For  the  progress  of  the  performance  that  cannot  be  reasonably determined,  when  the  performance  of  the  Group  is  expected  to  be  compensated,  the  revenue is  recognised  based  on  the  amount  of  costs  incurred  until  the  progress  of  performance  can  be reasonably determined.

## 19.  Contract assets and contract liabilities

The Group presents contract assets or contract liabilities in the statement of financial position based on the relationship between the completion of performance obligations and customer payments. The Group offsets contract assets and contract liabilities of same contract and presents in net amount.

## Contract assets

A contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has transferred to a customer, and that right is conditioned on something other than the passage of time.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 19.  Contract assets and contract liabilities (continued)

## Contract liabilities

A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has  received  consideration  or  an  amount  of  consideration  is  due  from  the  customer,  such  as  an amount  of  consideration  that  an  entity  has  received  before  the  transfer  of  the  promised  goods  or services.

## 20.  Government grants

Government grant is recognised when the Group can comply with the conditions attached to it and it can be received. If a government grant is in the form of a transfer of a monetary asset, it is measured at  the  amount  received  or  receivable.  If  a  government  grant  is  in  the  form  of  a  transfer  of  a  nonmonetary asset, it is measured at fair value; if fair value is not reliably determinable, it is measured at a nominal amount.

Pursuant to government documents, if the government grant is a compensation for constructing or forming long-term assets, the government grant is recognised as government grants related to assets. When government documents are not stated clearly, the fundamental conditions attached to the grant should be the criterion for judgements. If the fundamental conditions attached to the grant are for constructing or forming long-term assets, the government grant is recognised as government grants related  to  assets.  Otherwise,  the  government  grant  is  recognised  as  government  grant  related  to income.

A government grant related to income is accounted as follows: (a) if the grant is a compensation for related costs, expenses or losses to be incurred in subsequent periods, the grant is recognised as deferred income, and recognised in profit or loss or offset the related costs over the periods in which the related costs, expenses or losses are recognised; (b) if the grant is a compensation for related costs, expenses or losses already incurred, it is recognised immediately in profit or loss or offset the related costs of the current period.

A government grant related to an asset shall offset the book value of related assets, or be recognised as  deferred  income,  and  reasonably  and  systematically  amortised  to  profit  or  loss  over  the  useful life of the related asset. However, a government grant measured at a nominal amount is recognised immediately  in  profit  or  loss  of  the  current  period.  If  related  assets  have  been  sold,  disposed  of, scrapped or damaged, the unamortised deferred income should be recognised in profit or loss in the period of disposal.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 21.  Deferred income tax

For temporary differences at the balance sheet date between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their  carrying  amounts,  and  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  and  the  tax bases  of  items,  the  tax  bases  of  which  can  be  determined  according  to  related  tax  laws  for  tax purposes but which have not been recognised as assets and liabilities, deferred taxes are provided using the balance sheet liability method.

A deferred tax liability is recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

- (1) Where  the  taxable  temporary  differences  arise  from  the  initial  recognition  of  goodwill,  or the  initial  recognition  of  an  asset  or  liability  in  a  transaction  which  contains  both  of  the following characteristics: the transaction is not a business combination; and at the time of the transaction, it affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit or deductible loss;
- (2) In  respect  of  taxable  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in  subsidiaries  and associates,  where  the  timing  of  the  reversal  of  the  temporary  differences  can  be  controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.

A  deferred  tax  asset  is  recognised  for  deductible  temporary  differences,  carryforward  of  unused deductible  tax  losses  and  tax  credits,  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  taxable  profit  will  be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of deductible tax losses and tax credits can be utilised, except:

- (1) Where the deductible temporary differences arise from a transaction  that  is  not  a  business combination and, at the time of the transaction, neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or deductible loss is affected;
- (2) In respect of the deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates, a deferred tax asset is only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will be reversed in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised in the future.

At the balance sheet date, deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, according to the requirements of tax laws. The measurement of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects at the balance sheet date, to recover the assets or settle the liabilities.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 21.  Deferred income tax (continued)

The carrying  amount  of  deferred  tax  assets  is  reviewed  at  the  balance  sheet  date  and  reduced  to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available in future periods to  allow  the  deferred  tax  assets  to  be  utilised.  Unrecognised  deferred  tax  assets  are  reassessed  at the balance sheet date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred  tax  assets  and  deferred  tax  liabilities  are  offset  if  and  only  if  the  Group  has  a  legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities, and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

## 22.  Leases

At  inception  of  a  contract,  the  Group  assesses  whether  the  contract  is,  or  contains,  a  lease.  A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## In the case of the lessee

For details of the general accounting treatment in the case of the lessee, please refer to Note III.12 and Note III.16.

## Short-term leases

The Group considers a lease that, at the commencement date of the lease, has a lease term of 12 months or less, and does not contain any purchase option as a short-term lease. The Group does not recognise the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases. The Group recognises lease payments on short-term leases in the costs of the related asset or profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 22.  Leases (continued)

## In the case of the lessor

A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to  ownership  of  an  underlying  asset,  except  that  a  lease  is  classified  as  an  operating  lease  at  the inception date.

In the case of the lessor of an operating lease

Rent  income  under  an  operating  lease  is  recognised  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  lease  term, through profit  or  loss.  Variable  lease  payments  that  are  not  included  in  the  measurement  of  lease receivables  are  charged  to  profit  or  loss  as  incurred.  Capitalisation  of  initial  direct  costs  shall  be apportioned  on  the  same  basis  as  the  recognition  of  rental  income  during  the  lease  term  and included in the current profit and loss by stages.

## 23.  Distribution of profit

The  cash  dividends  of  the  Company  are  recognised  as  a  liability  after  being  approved  in  a shareholders' meeting.

## 24.  Safety production funds

Safety  production  funds  provided  according  to  the  regulations  are  included  in  costs  of  related products or profit or loss, and credited to the specialised reserves. They are treated differently when being utilised: the specialised reserves are offset against for those attributable to the expense nature; the cumulative expenditures are recognised as a fixed asset for those attributable to the fixed asset nature when the working condition for the intended use is reached, and at the same time, specialised reserves are offset against with the full depreciation of the fixed asset, at the same amount.

## 25.  Fair value measurement

The Group measures receivables financing at fair value on each balance sheet date. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 25.  Fair value measurement (continued)

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole: Level 1 - based on quoted prices unadjusted in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; Level 2 - based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly; Level 3 - based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable.

For  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  recognised  in  the  financial  statements  on  a  recurring  basis,  the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation on each balance sheet date.

## 26.  Significant accounting judgements and estimates

The  preparation  of  the  financial  statements  requires  management  to  make  judgements,  estimates and assumptions that will affect the reported amounts and disclosure of revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the balance sheet date. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

## Judgements

In  the  process  of  applying  the  Group's  accounting  policies,  management  has  made  the  following judgements  which  have  the  most  significant  effect  on  the  amounts  recognised  in  the  financial statements:

Measurement of progress towards completion of performance obligation in gas connection contracts

The Group adopts the input method to determine the progress towards completion of performance obligation  in  gas  connection  contracts.  Specifically,  the  progress  of  completion  is  measured with  reference  to  the  actual  construction  costs  incurred  as  a  percentage  of  the  total  estimated construction  costs,  and  the  actual  construction  costs  incurred  till  the  end  of  the  reporting  period contain  direct  costs  and  related  indirect  costs.  The  Group  considers  that  contract  price  of  a  gas connection  contract  with  a  customer  is  determined  with  reference  to  the  costs,  and  the  progress towards completion of performance obligation can be reasonably reflected by reference to the actual construction  costs  incurred  as  a  percentage  of  the  total  estimated  construction  costs.  Since  the duration of construction contracts usually falls into different accounting periods, the Group reviews and revises the estimates in the budget for the construction costs prepared by each contract along with the contract progresses, and the revenue will be adjusted accordingly.

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 26.  Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

## Judgements (continued)

The contractual cash flow characteristics

The  classification  of  financial  assets  at  initial  recognition  depends  on  the  contractual  cash  flow characteristics  of  the  financial  assets.  When  it  is  necessary  to  judge  whether  the  contractual  cash flow  is  only  the  payment  of  the  principal  and  the  interest  based  on  the  outstanding  principal,  the correction of the time value of the currency is included. In the assessment, it is necessary to judge whether there is a significant difference compared with the benchmark cash flow.

## Estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the balance  sheet  date,  that  have  a  significant  risk  of  causing  a  material  adjustment  to  the  carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the future accounting periods, are described below.

## Impairment of financial instruments

The Group uses the expected credit loss model to assess the impairment of financial instruments. The application of the expected credit loss model requires significant judgements and estimations, and  all  reasonable  and  evidenced  information,  including  forward-looking  information,  should  be considered.  In  making  such  judgements  and  estimations,  the  Group  infers  the  expected  changes in  the  debtor's  credit  risk  based  on  the  historical  repayment  data  in  combination  with  economic policies,  macroeconomic  indicators,  and  industry  risks.  The  different  estimates  may  impact  the impairment  assessment,  and  the  provision  for  impairment  may  also  not  be  representative  of  the actual impairment loss in the future.

## Impairment of non-current assets other than financial assets (other than goodwill)

The Group assesses whether there are any indications of impairment for all non-current assets other than financial assets at the balance sheet date. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually and at other times when such an indication exists. Other non-current assets other  than  financial  assets  are  tested  for  impairment  when  there  are  indications  that  the  carrying amounts  may  not  be  recoverable.  An  impairment  exists  when  the  carrying  amount  of  an  asset  or asset group exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from it. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal based on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm's length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of  the  assets.  When  the  calculations  of  the  present  value  of  the  future  cash  flows  expected  to  be derived  from  an  asset  or  asset  group  are  undertaken,  management  must  estimate  the  expected future  cash  flows  from  the  asset  or  asset  group  and  choose  a  suitable  discount  rate  in  order  to calculate the present value of those cash flows.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## III.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

(continued)

## 26.  Significant accounting judgements and estimates (continued)

## Estimation uncertainty (continued)

Deferred tax assets

Deferred  tax  assets  are  recognised  for  all  unused  tax  losses  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that sufficient  taxable  profits  will  be  available  against  which  the  losses  can  be  utilised.  Significant management  judgement  is  required  to  determine  the  amount  of  deferred  tax  assets  that  can  be recognised,  based  upon  the  likely  timing  and  level  of  future  taxable  profit  together  with  future  tax planning strategies.

## IV.  TAXES

## 1. Major categories of taxes and respective tax rates

| Value-added tax (VAT)  -  The Group's revenue from sales of piped gas, gas connection  and  gas  transportation  and  rent  is  taxable  to  output  VAT  at  a  tax  rate  of  9%  and  other  revenues  are  taxable  to  output  VAT  at  a  tax  rate  of  13%  which  was  levied  after  deducting  deductible input VAT for the current period.  City maintenance and  construction tax  -  It is levied at 7% on the turnover taxes paid.  Education supplementary  tax  -  It is levied at 3% on the turnover taxes paid.  Local education  supplementary tax  -  It is levied at 2% on the turnover taxes paid.  Corporate income tax  -  Corporate income tax is levied at 25% on the taxable profit.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. Cash and bank balances

| 2022  2021  Cash  9,000.00  9,287.17  Cash at banks  1,067,078,921.21  1,149,994,759.10  Other monetary funds  168,582.76  943,952.72  1,067,256,503.97  1,150,947,998.99   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  unpledged  over  6-month  fixed  deposits  of RMB103,034,586.30,  which  cannot  be  readily  withdrawn  on  demand  (31  December  2021: RMB213,414,312.33).

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  cash  and  bank  balances  amounting  to  RMB168,582.76  were restricted as guarantee deposits for environment protection (31 December 2021: RMB943,952.72). Refer to Note V.14 for the details.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group's agreed deposit balance in Tianjin Binhai Rural Commercial Bank  was  RMB864,384,654.94  (31  December  2021:  RMB773,811,839.30).Tianjin  Binhai  Rural Commercial Bank is an associated company of Tianjin energy, which owns 100% equity interest in Tianjin Gas.

Interest income earned on current deposits is calculated by using the current deposit interest rate. The  deposit  periods  for  time  deposits  were  two  years  and  earn  interest  income  at  the  respective banks' time deposit rates.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 2. Trade receivables

The  credit  period  of  trade  receivables  is  usually  90  to  180  days.  The  trade  receivables  bear  no interest.

The ageing of trade receivables based on the invoice date is analysed below:

| 2022  2021  Within 1 year  226,883,322.34  158,322,786.06  1 to 2 years  534,732.20  3,826,207.83  2 to 3 years  1,757,247.83  334,271.98  Over 3 years  10,572,044.54  10,820,128.61  239,747,346.91  173,303,394.48  Less: Provision for bad debts of trade receivables  12,446,137.96  16,013,828.04  227,301,208.95  157,289,566.44   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 2. Trade receivables (continued)

The category of trade receivables is analysed below:

| 2022  2021  Gross carrying amount  Provision for bad debts  Net carrying  amount  Gross carrying amount  Provision for bad debts  Net carrying  amount  Amount  Percentage  Amount  Accruing  percentage  Amount  Percentage  Amount  Accruing  percentage  （  %  ）  （  %  ）  （  %  ）  （  %  ）  Provision for bad debts on  individual basis  12,376,877.29  5.16  12,376,877.29  100.00  -  15,264,813.04  8.80  15,264,813.04  100.00  -  Provision for bad debts by  credit risk characteristic  group  227,370,469.62  94.84  69,260.67  0.03  227,301,208.95  158,038,581.44  91.20  749,015.00  0.50  157,289,566.44  239,747,346.91  100.00  12,446,137.96  5.19  227,301,208.95  173,303,394.48  100.00  16,013,828.04  9.20  157,289,566.44   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The provision for bad debts of trade receivables by credit risk characteristic group is as follows:

| 2022  2021  Estimated  carrying amount  arising from  default  Expected  credit loss  rate (%)  Lifetime  expected  credit loss  Estimated  carrying amount  arising from  default  Expected  credit loss  rate (%)  Lifetime  expected  credit loss  1 to 6 months  226,613,398.02  -  -  143,348,795.64  -  -  6 months to 1 year  269,924.32  5.00  13,496.22  14,578,798.77  5.00  728,939.94  1 to 2 years  462,348.31  10.00  46,234.82  81,065.83  10.00  8,106.58  2 to 3 years  1,949.83  20.00  389.97  -  20.00  -  Over 3 years  22,849.14  40.00  9,139.66  29,921.20  40.00  11,968.48  227,370,469.62  0.03  69,260.67  158,038,581.44  0.47  749,015.00   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 2. Trade receivables (continued)

The movements in the provision for bad debts of trade receivables are as follows:

| Opening balance  Provision  for the year  Reversal  during the year  Closing balance  2022  16,013,828.04  419,942.72  (3,987,632.80)  12,446,137.96  2021  12,729,409.97  4,793,272.42  (1,508,854.35)  16,013,828.04   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022, the Group provided bad debts of RMB419,942.72 (2021: RMB4,793,272.42), and reversed bad debts of RMB3,987,632.80 (2021: RMB1,508,854.35).

## 3. Receivables financing

| 2022  2021  Bank acceptance bills receivable  140,278,760.77  47,215,625.61  140,278,760.77  47,215,625.61   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. Prepayments

The ageing of prepayments is analysed below:

| 2022  2021  Carrying amount  Percentage (%)  Carrying amount  Percentage (%)  Within 1 year  2,066,927.62  89  963,883.57  79  Over 1 year  253,913.30  11  255,598.84  21  2,320,840.92  100  1,219,482.41  100   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Prepayments aged over one year were mainly prepayments for gas connection contracts and service contracts. The related gas connection services or other services have not finished yet which resulted in the corresponding prepayments not being settled.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 5. Other receivables

The ageing of other receivables is analysed below:

| 2022  2021  Within 1 year  8,619.81  3,515,181.91  1 to 2 years  786,552.26  834,299.88  2 to 3 years  789,182.80  144,963.88  Over 3 years  2,607,455.90  2,669,401.29  4,191,810.77  7,163,846.96  Less: Provision for bad debts of other receivables  2,488,941.29  2,488,941.29  1,702,869.48  4,674,905.67   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other receivables by nature are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Employees' borrowings  212,503.63  653,324.06  Subsidy  -  2,972,972.97  Deposits and others  3,979,307.14  3,537,549.93  4,191,810.77  7,163,846.96   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 5. Other receivables (continued)

The provision for bad debts of other receivables made according to expected credit losses over the 12 months is as follows:

## 2022

| Stage 1  Expected  credit losses  over the next  12 months  Total  Opening balance  2,488,941.29  2,488,941.29  Provision for the year  -  -  Reversal during the year  -  -  Transfer during the year  -  -  Write-off during the year  -  -  Closing balance  2,488,941.29  2,488,941.29   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2021

| Stage 1  Expected  credit losses  over the next  12 months  Total  Opening balance  2,488,941.29  2,488,941.29  Provision for the year  -  -  Reversal during the year  -  -  Transfer during the year  -  -  Write-off during the year  -  -  Closing balance  2,488,941.29  2,488,941.29   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 5. Other receivables (continued)

The movements in the provision for bad debts of other receivables are as follows:

| Opening balance  Provision  for the year  Reversal  during the year  Closing balance  2022  2,488,941.29  -  -  2,488,941.29  2021  2,488,941.29  -  -  2,488,941.29   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022, the Group provided no bad debts (2021: Nil), and reversed no bad debts (2021: Nil).

## 6. Inventories

| 2022  2021  Gas  185,615.51  185,615.39  Gas appliances and others  4,091,768.63  4,476,323.75  4,277,384.14  4,661,939.14   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022, the management of the Group considered that there was no provision for impairment of inventories (31 December 2021: Nil).

## 7. Other current assets

| 2022  2021  Prepaid income tax  874,939.24  874,939.24  Input VAT to be credited  22,047.45  86,805.56  Input VAT to be certified  34,961,350.03  22,276,102.67  35,858,336.72  23,237,847.47   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 8. Long-term equity investments

2022

<!-- image -->

| Current year movements  Opening  balance  Increase in  investment  Decrease in  investment  Investment  income/loss  under the  equity method  Other  equity  movement  Cash  dividends  announced  Closing  balance  Year-end  provision for  impairment  Associate  天津市濱海燃氣有限公司  49,135,974.84  -  -  5,673,148.56  252,468.01  (159,550.68)  54,902,040.73  -  2021  Current year movements  Opening  balance  Increase in  investment  Decrease in  investment  Investment  income/loss  under the  equity method  Other  equity  movement  Cash  dividends  announced  Closing  balance  Year-end  provision for  impairment  Associate  天津市濱海燃氣有限公司  49,037,075.45  -  -  723,962.36  (121,111.28)  (503,951.69)  49,135,974.84  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 9. Fixed assets

| 2022  2021  Fixed assets  884,824,515.39  855,200,570.69  Disposal of fixed assets  -  1,143,444.76  884,824,515.39  856,344,015.45   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Fixed assets

## 2022

| Buildings  Pipelines  Machinery  Vehicles  Electronics,  furniture and  fixtures  Mining structures  Total  Cost  Opening balance  48,990,991.60  1,243,643,830.47  219,971,528.85  5,491,380.41  11,094,866.06  4,558,482.24  1,533,751,079.63  Purchase  -  370,591.82  33,415,206.30  182,906.11  19,494.12  -  33,988,198.35  Transferred from construction in progress  -  53,904,129.62  5,055,871.45  -  -  -  58,960,001.07  Disposal or scrap  -  1,552,682.47  1,983,811.05  11,410.25  45,284.11  -  3,593,187.88  Closing balance  48,990,991.60  1,296,365,869.44  256,458,795.55  5,662,876.27  11,069,076.07  4,558,482.24  1,623,106,091.17  Accumulated depreciation  Opening balance  16,788,552.09  583,346,170.55  56,544,791.09  4,725,341.42  6,520,282.13  2,747,063.24  670,672,200.52  Provision  1,167,691.68  46,134,222.14  13,472,779.89  168,310.97  846,742.46  -  61,789,747.14  Disposal or scrap  -  562,720.14  1,449,686.24  9,969.22  36,304.70  -  2,058,680.30  Closing balance  17,956,243.77  628,917,672.55  68,567,884.74  4,883,683.17  7,330,719.89  2,747,063.24  730,403,267.36  Impairment provision  Opening balance  -  -  5,994,508.25  59,716.88  12,664.29  1,811,419.00  7,878,308.42  Provision  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Disposal or scrap  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Closing balance  -  -  5,994,508.25  59,716.88  12,664.29  1,811,419.00  7,878,308.42  Net carrying amount  At end of the year  31,034,747.83  667,448,196.89  181,896,402.56  719,476.22  3,725,691.89  -  884,824,515.39  At beginning of the year  32,202,439.51  660,297,659.92  157,432,229.51  706,322.11  4,561,919.64  -  855,200,570.69   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 9. Fixed assets (continued)

Fixed assets (continued)

2021

| Buildings  Pipelines  Machinery  Vehicles  Electronics,  furniture and  fixtures  Mining structures  Total  Cost  Opening balance  48,990,991.60  1,226,201,315.49  183,064,852.51  6,228,856.40  10,239,104.71  4,558,482.24  1,479,283,602.95  Purchase  -  8,473,873.79  39,630,325.34  86,545.34  965,671.06  -  49,156,415.53  Transferred from construction in progress  -  19,626,558.24  150,100.84  -  -  -  19,776,659.08  Disposal or scrap  -  10,657,917.05  2,873,749.84  824,021.33  109,909.71  -  14,465,597.93  Closing balance  48,990,991.60  1,243,643,830.47  219,971,528.85  5,491,380.41  11,094,866.06  4,558,482.24  1,533,751,079.63  Accumulated depreciation  Opening balance  15,651,060.00  536,137,032.78  48,038,518.63  5,290,016.46  5,765,074.20  2,747,063.24  613,628,765.31  Provision  1,137,492.09  47,717,228.86  11,092,647.32  206,156.62  854,126.67  -  61,007,651.56  Disposal or scrap  -  508,091.09  2,586,374.86  770,831.66  98,918.74  -  3,964,216.35  Closing balance  16,788,552.09  583,346,170.55  56,544,791.09  4,725,341.42  6,520,282.13  2,747,063.24  670,672,200.52  Impairment provision  Opening balance  -  -  5,994,508.25  59,716.88  12,664.29  1,811,419.00  7,878,308.42  Provision  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Disposal or scrap  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Closing balance  -  -  5,994,508.25  59,716.88  12,664.29  1,811,419.00  7,878,308.42  Net carrying amount  At end of the year  32,202,439.51  660,297,659.92  157,432,229.51  706,322.11  4,561,919.64  -  855,200,570.69  At beginning of the year  33,339,931.60  690,064,282.71  129,031,825.63  879,123.06  4,461,366.22  -  857,776,529.22   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had no fixed assets pending certificates of property ownership (31 December 2021: Nil).

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 9. Fixed assets (continued)

## Fixed assets (continued)

Fixed assets leased out under an operating lease are as follows:

## 2022

| Pipelines  Total  Cost  Opening balance  153,025,579.72  153,025,579.72  Purchase  -  -  Transferred from construction in progress  -  -  Disposal or scrap  -  -  Other transfer-out  153,025,579.72  153,025,579.72  Closing balance  -  -  Accumulated depreciation  Opening balance  53,000,093.42  53,000,093.42  Provision  4,542,443.52  4,542,443.52  Disposal or scrap  -  -  Other transfer-out  57,542,536.94  57,542,536.94  Closing balance  -  -  Impairment provision  Opening balance  -  -  Provision  -  -  Disposal or scrap  -  -  Closing balance  -  -  Net carrying amount  At end of the year  -  -  At beginning of the year  100,025,486.30  100,025,486.30   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 9. Fixed assets (continued)

## Fixed assets (continued)

Fixed assets leased out under an operating lease are as follows: (continued)

2021

| Pipelines  Total  Cost  Opening balance  153,025,579.72  153,025,579.72  Purchase  -  -  Transferred from construction in progress  -  -  Disposal or scrap  -  -  Closing balance  153,025,579.72  153,025,579.72  Accumulated depreciation  Opening balance  48,457,649.90  48,457,649.90  Provision  4,542,443.52  4,542,443.52  Disposal or scrap  -  -  Closing balance  53,000,093.42  53,000,093.42  Impairment provision  Opening balance  -  -  Provision  -  -  Disposal or scrap  -  -  Closing balance  -  -  Net carrying amount  At end of the year  100,025,486.30  100,025,486.30  At beginning of the year  104,567,929.82  104,567,929.82   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 9. Fixed assets (continued)

## Disposal of fixed assets

| 2022  2021  Pipelines  -  1,143,444.76  -  1,143,444.76   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------|

## 10.  Construction in progress

The Group had no construction materials.

## Construction in progress

| 2022  2021  Gross carrying  amount  Provision for  impairment  Net carrying  amount  Gross carrying  amount  Provision for  impairment  Net carrying  amount  Buildings  2,209,340.38  -  2,209,340.38  2,138,040.00  -  2,138,040.00  Pipeline reconstruction  9,801,362.91  -  9,801,362.91  2,257,639.57  -  2,257,639.57  Gas stations and others  2,052,291.35  (1,035,000.00)  1,017,291.35  1,512,668.61  (1,035,000.00)  477,668.61  Mines  408,920.27  (408,920.27)  -  408,920.27  (408,920.27)  -  14,471,914.91  (1,443,920.27)  13,027,994.64  6,317,268.45  (1,443,920.27)  4,873,348.18   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 10.  Construction in progress (continued)

## Construction in progress (continued)

The movements of construction in progress in 2022 are as follows:

| Opening  balance  Addition  Transferred to  fixed assets/  intangible  assets  Other transfer  out  Closing balance  Buildings  2,138,040.00  71,300.38  -  -  2,209,340.38  Pipeline reconstruction  2,257,639.57  65,944,890.64  58,401,167.30  -  9,801,362.91  Gas stations and others  1,512,668.61  1,098,456.51  558,833.77  -  2,052,291.35  Mines  408,920.27  -  -  -  408,920.27  6,317,268.45  67,114,647.53  58,960,001.07  -  14,471,914.91   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movements of construction in progress in 2021 are as follows:

| Opening balance  Addition  Transferred to  fixed assets/  intangible  assets  Other transfer  out  Closing balance  Buildings  2,138,040.00  -  -  -  2,138,040.00  Pipeline reconstruction  74,346.67  20,314,767.59  18,131,474.69  -  2,257,639.57  Gas stations and others  1,115,502.20  3,656,908.07  1,645,184.39  1,614,557.27  1,512,668.61  Mines  408,920.27  -  -  -  408,920.27  3,736,809.14  23,971,675.66  19,776,659.08  1,614,557.27  6,317,268.45   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 11.  Intangible assets

## 2022

| Land use rights  Software  Mineral rights  Total  Cost  Opening balance  14,316,891.30  1,683,536.94  16,765,984.00  32,766,412.24  Purchase  -  202,838.53  -  202,838.53  Transferred from construction in  progress  -  -  -  -  Closing balance  14,316,891.30  1,886,375.47  16,765,984.00  32,969,250.77  Accumulated amortisation  Opening balance  3,999,889.76  550,819.50  7,243,935.07  11,794,644.33  Provision  302,321.96  184,316.86  -  486,638.82  Closing balance  4,302,211.72  735,136.36  7,243,935.07  12,281,283.15  Impairment provision  Opening balance  -  -  9,522,048.93  9,522,048.93  Provision  -  -  -  -  Closing balance  -  -  9,522,048.93  9,522,048.93  Net carrying amount  At end of the year  10,014,679.58  1,151,239.11  -  11,165,918.69  At beginning of the year  10,317,001.54  1,132,717.44  -  11,449,718.98   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The land use rights related to the land located in Mainland China which were acquired through a long-term agreement on land use rights.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 11.  Intangible assets (continued)

2021

| Land use rights  Software  Mineral rights  Total  Cost  Opening balance  14,316,891.30  1,491,059.06  16,765,984.00  32,573,934.36  Purchase  -  192,477.88  -  192,477.88  Transferred from construction in  progress  -  -  -  -  Closing balance  14,316,891.30  1,683,536.94  16,765,984.00  32,766,412.24  Accumulated amortisation  Opening balance  3,697,676.38  393,809.48  7,243,935.07  11,335,420.93  Provision  302,213.38  157,010.02  -  459,223.40  Closing balance  3,999,889.76  550,819.50  7,243,935.07  11,794,644.33  Impairment provision  Opening balance  -  -  9,522,048.93  9,522,048.93  Provision  -  -  -  -  Closing balance  -  -  9,522,048.93  9,522,048.93  Net carrying amount  At end of the year  10,317,001.54  1,132,717.44  -  11,449,718.98  At beginning of the year  10,619,214.92  1,097,249.58  -  11,716,464.50   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 12.  Deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets balances are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Deductible  temporary  differences  Deferred tax  assets  Deductible  temporary  differences  Deferred tax  assets  Provision for bad debts  14,935,079.25  3,733,769.81  18,502,769.33  4,625,692.33  Provision for impairment of  fixed assets  5,722,041.27  1,430,510.32  5,722,041.27  1,430,510.32  Provision for impairment of  construction in progress  1,035,000.00  258,750.00  1,035,000.00  258,750.00  Deductible losses  121,020,947.99  30,255,237.00  10,569,180.47  2,642,295.12  Deferred income  92,418,010.48  23,104,502.62  101,466,274.03  25,366,568.51  235,131,078.99  58,782,769.75  137,295,265.10  34,323,816.28   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deductible temporary differences and deductible losses of unrecognised deferred tax assets are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Deductible temporary differences  12,087,236.35  12,087,236.35  Deductible losses  5,663,445.29  7,505,367.43  17,750,681.64  19,592,603.78   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deductible losses of unrecognised deferred tax assets will expire in the following years:

| 2022  2021  2022  -  2,569,148.35  2023  1,553,395.38  1,553,395.38  2024  1,606,447.25  1,606,447.25  2025  988,851.41  988,851.41  2026  787,525.04  787,525.04  2027  727,226.21  -  5,663,445.29  7,505,367.43   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 13.  Other non-current assets

| 2022  2021  Costs to fulfil a contract  1,606,467.53  -  1,606,467.53  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Costs to fulfil a contract in other non-current assets are amortised as follows:

## 2022

| Opening  balance  Addition  Amortisation  Other  decrease  Closing  balance  Gas facility improvement  -  1,639,179.76  19,212.50  13,499.73  1,606,467.53  -  1,639,179.76  19,212.50  13,499.73  1,606,467.53   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14.  Assets restricted by ownership

| 2022  2021  Other monetary funds  168,582.76  943,952.72   |
|------------------------------------------------------------|

At  31  December  2022,  deposits  of  RMB168,582.76  were  restricted  as  guarantee  deposits  for environment protection by the government in Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Kaili Tianyi sub-branch (31 December 2021: RMB943,952.72).

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 15.  Trade payables

The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and generally have an average payment term of 60 days.

The ageing of trade payables based on the invoice date is analysed below:

| 2022  2021  Within 1 year  393,008,190.82  152,575,459.64  1 to 2 years  25,443,727.91  31,837,262.82  Over 2 years  15,718,649.42  16,072,058.72  434,170,568.15  200,484,781.18   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16.  Contract liabilities

| 2022  2021  Deposits for sales of piped gas  229,879,172.06  208,702,409.33  Advances from gas connection  55,034,545.70  78,906,718.11  Advances from sales of gas appliances  6,198,714.61  7,519,911.50  Others  372,742.55  122,686.54  291,485,174.92  295,251,725.48   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract  liabilities  mainly  include  the  amount  of  pipeline  gas  charges  that  the  Group  requires customers to deposit in advance, and payments received by the Group to provide gas connections services  and  sales  of  gas  appliances.  The  decrease  in  contract  liabilities  at  the  end  of  2022  was mainly due to the decrease in advances from gas connection.

For  details  of  information  about  revenue  recognised  that  was  included  in  contract  liabilities  at  the beginning  of  the  year  and  information  about  the  Group's  performance  obligations,  please  refer  to Note V.25. Revenue and cost of sales.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 17.  Employee benefits payable

2022

| Opening  balance  Increase  Decrease  Closing  balance  Short-term employee benefits  16,299,383.31  123,413,367.06  122,165,445.21  17,547,305.16  Post-employment benefits  (defined contribution plan)  (4,732.01)  15,144,289.81  15,141,809.33  (2,251.53)  16,294,651.30  138,557,656.87  137,307,254.54  17,545,053.63   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2021

| Opening  balance  Increase  Decrease  Closing  balance  Short-term employee benefits  15,509,947.63  123,197,618.86  122,408,183.18  16,299,383.31  Post-employment benefits (defined  contribution plan)  1,933.19  15,095,451.77  15,102,116.97  (4,732.01)  Termination benefits  -  24,015.81  24,015.81  -  15,511,880.82  138,317,086.44  137,534,315.96  16,294,651.30   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 17.  Employee benefits payable (continued)

Details of short-term benefits are as follows:

## 2022

| Opening  balance  Increase  Decrease  Closing  balance  Salaries, bonuses,  allowance sand subsidies  12,543,117.35  97,235,380.45  95,962,745.26  13,815,752.54  Employee bonus and welfare fund  3,001,223.34  3,156,787.77  3,153,537.77  3,004,473.34  Social insurance  25,151.76  9,976,691.77  9,977,477.81  24,365.72  Including: Medical insurance  25,951.76  9,149,876.97  9,150,663.01  25,165.72  Work injury insurance  (800.00)  378,787.12  378,787.12  (800.00)  Maternity insurance  -  448,027.68  448,027.68  -  Housing fund  18,974.35  10,832,519.00  10,832,519.00  18,974.35  Union fund and employee  education fund  710,916.51  2,211,988.07  2,239,165.37  683,739.21  16,299,383.31  123,413,367.06  122,165,445.21  17,547,305.16   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2021

| Opening  balance  Increase  Decrease  Closing  balance  Salaries, bonuses,  allowance sand subsidies  11,757,961.96  100,489,489.03  99,704,333.64  12,543,117.35  Employee bonus and welfare fund  3,001,223.34  -  -  3,001,223.34  Social insurance  26,762.00  9,954,054.64  9,955,664.88  25,151.76  Including: Medical insurance  27,562.00  9,098,905.20  9,100,515.44  25,951.76  Work injury insurance  (800.00)  408,788.87  408,788.87  (800.00)  Maternity insurance  -  446,360.57  446,360.57  -  Housing fund  27,788.35  10,649,730.00  10,658,544.00  18,974.35  Union fund and employee  education fund  696,211.98  2,104,345.19  2,089,640.66  710,916.51  15,509,947.63  123,197,618.86  122,408,183.18  16,299,383.31   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 17.  Employee benefits payable (continued)

Details of defined contribution plan are as follows:

## 2022

| Opening  balance  Increase  Decrease  Closing  balance  Basic pension insurance  3,310.95  14,685,435.61  14,682,955.13  5,791.43  Unemployment insurance  (8,042.96)  458,854.20  458,854.20  (8,042.96)  (4,732.01)  15,144,289.81  15,141,809.33  (2,251.53)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2021

| Opening  balance  Increase  Decrease  Closing  balance  Basic pension insurance  9,584.07  14,638,158.96  14,644,432.08  3,310.95  Unemployment insurance  (7,650.88)  457,292.81  457,684.89  (8,042.96)  1,933.19  15,095,451.77  15,102,116.97  (4,732.01)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  employees  employed  by  the  Group  are  members  of  the  state-managed  defined  contribution plan operated by the Chinese government. The Group is required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll to the defined contribution plan to fund the contributions. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the defined contribution plan is to make the required contributions under the plan.

As at 31 December 2022, there were no forfeited contributions under the defined contribution plan which may be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contributions (31 December 2021: Nil).

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 18.  Taxes payable

| 2022  2021  Value-added tax  41,959,624.66  46,120,346.91  Others  1,069,736.93  849,080.93  43,029,361.59  46,969,427.84   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19.  Deferred income

| 2022  2021  Government grants related to assets/income  Opening balance  101,466,274.03  103,891,515.73  Increase  7,027,027.03  2,972,972.97  Amortisation  5,105,301.47  4,970,914.67  Decrease  10,969,989.11  427,300.00  Closing balance  92,418,010.48  101,466,274.03   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 19.  Deferred income (continued)

Liabilities relevant to government grants as at 31 December 2022 are listed as follows:

| Opening  balance  Increase  Recognised as  other income  Other  changes  Closing  balance  Relevant to  asset/income  河畔星城  medium pressure pipeline  2,895,945.66  -  (180,999.00)  -  2,714,946.66  Asset  富力桃園  medium pressure pipeline  3,173,338.47  -  (468,886.44)  -  2,704,452.03  Asset  Pipeline reconstruction of 2014  7,631,513.28  -  (409,845.50)  -  7,221,667.78  Asset/income  Pipeline reconstruction of 2015  9,381,575.38  -  (483,120.37)  -  8,898,455.01  Asset/income  Pipeline reconstruction of 2016  14,845,474.98  -  (742,749.51)  -  14,102,725.47  Asset/income  Pipeline reconstruction of 2017  14,500,533.82  -  (691,565.70)  -  13,808,968.12  Asset/income  Pipeline reconstruction of 2018  18,162,370.72  -  (805,951.52)  (4,669,022.43)  12,687,396.77  Asset/income  Pipeline reconstruction of 2019  22,395,259.95  -  (936,360.06)  (6,300,966.68)  15,157,933.21  Asset  Pipeline reconstruction of 2020  3,481,725.19  -  (144,438.43)  -  3,337,286.76  Asset  Pipeline reconstruction of 2021  2,965,208.08  -  (118,918.92)  -  2,846,289.16  Asset  Pipeline reconstruction of 2022  -  7,027,027.03  (23,423.42)  -  7,003,603.61  Asset  鄱陽南路睿思路  medium pressure pipeline  2,033,328.50  -  (99,042.60)  -  1,934,285.90  Asset  101,466,274.03  7,027,027.03  (5,105,301.47)  (10,969,989.11)  92,418,010.48   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Liabilities relevant to government grants as at 31 December 2021 are listed as follows:

| Opening  balance  Increase  Recognised as  other income  Other  changes  Closing balance  Relevant to  asset/income  河畔星城  medium pressure pipeline  3,076,944.66  -  (180,999.00)  -  2,895,945.66  Asset  富力桃園  medium pressure pipeline  3,642,224.91  -  (468,886.44)  -  3,173,338.47  Asset  Pipeline reconstruction of 2014  8,041,358.78  -  (409,845.50)  -  7,631,513.28  Asset/income  Pipeline reconstruction of 2015  9,864,695.75  -  (483,120.37)  -  9,381,575.38  Asset/income  Pipeline reconstruction of 2016  15,588,224.49  -  (742,749.51)  -  14,845,474.98  Asset/income  Pipeline reconstruction of 2017  15,192,099.52  -  (691,565.70)  -  14,500,533.82  Asset/income  Pipeline reconstruction of 2018  18,968,322.24  -  (805,951.52)  -  18,162,370.72  Asset/income  Pipeline reconstruction of 2019  23,331,620.01  -  (936,360.06)  -  22,395,259.95  Asset  Pipeline reconstruction of 2020  4,053,654.27  -  (144,629.08)  (427,300.00)  3,481,725.19  Asset  Pipeline reconstruction of 2021  -  2,972,972.97  (7,764.89)  -  2,965,208.08  Asset  鄱陽南路睿思路  medium pressure pipeline  2,132,371.10  -  (99,042.60)  -  2,033,328.50  Asset  103,891,515.73  2,972,972.97  (4,970,914.67)  (427,300.00)  101,466,274.03   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 20.  Share capital

The registered capital of the Company is RMB183,930,780.00, which was entirely contributed till 11 April 2011.

The investments by investor according to the articles of association of the Company are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB  Percentage (%)  RMB  Percentage (%)  Tianjin Gas  -  -  129,754,780.00  70.54  Jinran China Resources  129,754,780.00  70.54  -  -  Public shares  50,006,000.00  27.19  50,006,000.00  27.19  Tang Jie  4,170,000.00  2.27  4,170,000.00  2.27  183,930,780.00  100.00  183,930,780.00  100.00   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Note 1: The above share capital has been verified by Tianjian (2001) Yan Zi No.026 capital verification report issued  by  Pan-China  Certified  Public  Accountants  LLP,  Jin  Guangxin  Yan  Wai  H  Zi  (2007)  No.034 capital verification report issued by Tianjin Guangxin Accounting Firm, Wuzhou Songde Yan Zi (2009) No.0004 and (2011) No.1-0052 capital verification reports issued by Wuzhou Songde Union Accounting Firm.
- Note 2: On 28 April 2022, Tianjin Gas and Jinran China Resources entered into a share transfer agreement for the transfer of 1,297,547,800 Domestic Shares (representing 70.54% of the total issued share capital of  the  Company)  held  by  Tianjin  Gas  to  Jinran  China  Resources  at  a  price  of  RMB0.899  per  share amounting to a total consideration of RMB1,167,166,362.82. The share transfer was completed on 25 May 2022. Since then, Jinran  China  Resources  held  70.54%  of  the  total  issued  share  capital  of  the Company.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 21.  Capital reserve

## 2022 and 2021

| Opening  balance  Increase  Decrease  Closing  balance  Share premium (note 1)  788,701,906.45  -  -  788,701,906.45  Others (note 2)  1,630,445.73  -  -  1,630,445.73  790,332,352.18  -  -  790,332,352.18   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Note 1: The Company issued 300,000,000 H Shares at a price of HKD0.25 per share (par value of RMB0.10 each) to offshore investors and converted 30,000,000 Domestic Shares into H Shares by way of placing for  listing  of  H  Shares  on  the  Growth  Enterprise  Market  (the  'GEM')  of  The  Stock  Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange') on 9 January 2004. The Company received net proceeds, after deducting  all  relevant  share  issue  expenses,  of  RMB64,667,255.43  from  the  new  issue  of  shares  by way of public offer and placing which included share capital of RMB33,000,000.00 and share premium of  RMB31,667,255.43.  On  13  March  2008,  the  Company  issued  154,600,000  H  Shares  at  a  price of  HKD1.90 per share (par value of RMB0.10 each) to offshore investors and converted 15,460,000 Domestic Shares into H Shares by way of placing of new shares on the GEM. The Company received net proceeds, after deducting all relevant share issue expenses, of RMB253,009,696.34 which included share capital of RMB17,006,000.00 and the premium of RMB236,003,696.34. On 7 April 2011, the Company acquired assets, such as pipeline network, at fair value of RMB590,001,734.68 from Tianjin Gas.  To  satisfy  the  consideration,  the  Company  issued  689,707,800  Domestic  Shares  (par  value  of RMB0.10 each) to Tianjin Gas which represented share capital of RMB68,970,780.00 and the premium of RMB521,030,954.68. The transaction was completed on 11 April 2011.
- Note 2: Others  were  transferred  from  unsettled  payables  before  the  transformation,  which  could  be  used  to increase capital.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 22.  Specialised reserve

## 2022

| Opening  balance  Increase  Decrease  Closing  balance  Safety production funds  298,057.88  252,468.01  -  550,525.89  2021  Opening  balance  Increase  Decrease  Closing  balance  Safety production funds  419,169.16  -  (121,111.28)  298,057.88   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Pursuant  to  Regulations  for  Withdrawal  and  Use  of  Expenses  for  Safety  Production  Funds  of Enterprises , the Group is required to provide safety production funds based on revenue from sales of piped gas and gas transportation of last year. These funds were used for repair, maintenance and installing  safety  facilities.  The  movement  of  this  year  refers  to  the  difference  between  the  amount provided according to relevant laws and regulations and the amount utilised during the year.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 23.  Surplus reserve

2022

| Opening  balance  Increase  Decrease  Closing  balance  Reserve fund and statutory  surplus reserves  89,197,108.64  -  -  89,197,108.64  Enterprise expansion fund  39,080,414.49  -  -  39,080,414.49  128,277,523.13  -  -  128,277,523.13   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2021

| Opening  balance  Increase  Decrease  Closing  balance  Reserve fund and statutory  surplus reserves  88,997,873.19  199,235.45  -  89,197,108.64  Enterprise expansion fund  39,080,414.49  -  -  39,080,414.49  128,078,287.68  199,235.45  -  128,277,523.13   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

According  to  the  Articles  of  Association  and  the  provisions  of  relevant  laws  and  regulations, the  Company  appropriates  10%  of  the  net  profit  to  statutory  surplus  reserves,  after  offsetting accumulated losses from prior years. No provision was made for statutory surplus reserves this year.

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 24.  Retained earnings

| 2022  2021  Retained earnings at the beginning of the year  551,650,003.94  646,616,369.62  Net profit/(loss) attributable to shareholders  of the Parent  (68,345,251.96)  1,431,633.17  Less: Appropriation to statutory surplus reserves  (note 1)  -  199,235.45  Dividend payable on ordinary shares in cash  -  91,965,390.00  Other  -  4,233,373.40  Retained earnings at the end of the year  483,304,751.98  551,650,003.94   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 1:  According to the Articles of Association, the Company made no statutory surplus reserves.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 25.  Revenue and cost of sales

| 2022  2021  Revenue  Cost of sales  Revenue  Cost of sales  Principal operations  1,780,358,629.25  1,879,473,952.58  1,579,769,604.57  1,568,338,292.05  1,780,358,629.25  1,879,473,952.58  1,579,769,604.57  1,568,338,292.05   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue is stated as follows:

| 2022  2021  Revenue from contracts with customers  1,778,523,766.87  1,574,265,017.39  Rentals  1,834,862.38  5,504,587.18  1,780,358,629.25  1,579,769,604.57   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For details of the reporting segment information, please refer to Note XII.1. Segment reporting.

Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

| 2022  Revenue recognition  Revenue recognised at a point in time  Sales of piped gas  1,727,833,561.02  Sales of gas appliances and others  3,894,037.60  Revenue recognised over time  Gas connection income  46,470,268.27  Gas transportation  325,899.98  1,778,523,766.87   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 25.  Revenue and cost of sales (continued)

Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows: (continued)

| 2021  Revenue recognition  Revenue recognised at a point in time  Sales of piped gas  1,512,089,594.53  Sales of gas appliances and others  7,118,476.78  Revenue recognised over time  Gas connection income  53,015,276.65  Gas transportation  2,041,669.43  1,574,265,017.39   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the year:

| 2022  2021  Sales of piped gas  157,765,700.19  180,216,668.17  Gas connection income  48,482,262.94  31,366,747.93  Sales of gas appliances and others  5,593,397.62  4,483,494.57  211,841,360.75  216,066,910.67   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 25.  Revenue and cost of sales (continued)

Information about the Group's performance obligations is summarised below:

## Sales of piped gas

The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the products and payment is generally due within 90 to 180 days from delivery with respect to large scale industrial and commercial customers. For other customers, payment in advance is normally required.

## Sales of gas appliances and others

The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the products and short-term advances are normally required before delivering the products.

## Gas connection

The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and short-term advances are normally required before rendering the services.

## Gas transportation

The  performance  obligation  is  satisfied  over  time  as  services  are  rendered  and  the  payment  is generally due within 90 to 180 days from the date of rendering the services.

As at  31  December 2022, the transaction price allocated  to  the  remaining  performance  obligation was RMB291,442,293.03 (31 December 2021: RMB295,237,611.10) and the Group will recognise this  amount  as  revenue  in  future  upon  delivery  of  the  products  or  based  on  the  progress  of completion of gas connection.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 26.  Taxes and surcharges

| 2022  2021  City maintenance and construction tax  425,484.70  1,072,861.53  Education supplementary tax  304,011.13  757,217.66  Tenure tax  373,943.50  373,943.50  Vehicle use tax  22,213.42  18,721.66  Stamp duty  436,867.51  215,276.67  Property tax  378,094.76  378,094.76  Others  3,726.66  19,437.84  1,944,341.68  2,835,553.62   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.  Administrative expenses

Administrative  expenses  for  the  year  2022  included  auditors'  remuneration  of  RMB1,135,000.00 (2021: RMB1,135,000.00).

## 28.  Finance costs

| 2022  2021  Interest income  (32,833,581.22)  (30,349,740.19)  Foreign exchange differences  -  41,104.51  Others  218,816.43  319,911.76  (32,614,764.79)  (29,988,723.92)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All  the  interest  income  of  the  Group  is  generated  from  current  deposits,  time  deposits  and  agreed deposits  under  cash  and  bank  balances,  among  which,  the  interest  income  of  agreed  deposits from  Tianjin  Binhai  Rural  Commercial  Bank  in  the  current  period  was  RMB23,216,172.91  (2021: RMB8,459,338.24).

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 29.  Other income

| 2022  2021  Government grants related to daily operation  2,353,956.28  5,645,680.60  2,353,956.28  5,645,680.60   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Government grants related to daily operation are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Relevant to  asset/income  Deferred income (note 1)  1,543,990.58  4,970,914.67  Asset/income  Tax refund  15,242.42  -  Income  Others (note 2)  794,723.28  674,765.93  Income  2,353,956.28  5,645,680.60   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 1: The deferred income represented government grants related to the Group's daily operation and pipeline reconstruction projects. Please refer to Note V.19.

Note 2: The Group received a subsidy from Human Resources and Social Security Bureau of Heping District, Tianjin for job stabilisation of RMB794,723.28 (2021: RMB674,765.93).

## 30.  Investment income

| 2022  2021  Income from long-term equity investments  under the equity method  5,673,148.56  723,962.36  5,673,148.56  723,962.36   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 31.  Credit impairment losses

| 2022  2021  Bad debt loss of trade receivables  3,567,690.08  (3,284,418.07)  3,567,690.08  (3,284,418.07)  ## 32.  Non-operating income  2022  2021  Others  3,976.31  12,596.38  3,976.31  12,596.38  ## 33.  Non-operating expenses  2022  2021  Losses on scrap of non-current assets  1,866,822.05  701,582.08  Penalties and compensations  240,000.00  -  Others  80,132.66  4,193,042.65  2,186,954.71  4,894,624.73   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 34.  Expenses by nature

The  supplementary  information  for  the  cost  of  sales  and  administrative  expenses  of  the  Group classified by nature is as follows:

| 2022  2021  Cost of piped gas purchased  1,646,768,482.48  1,335,673,012.28  Cost of gas connection services  21,301,440.81  29,410,518.65  Cost of gas meters  2,651,137.50  4,854,293.71  Employee benefits  138,557,656.87  138,317,086.44  Depreciation and amortisation  62,276,385.96  61,466,874.96  Maintenance expenses  28,350,323.02  18,291,720.20  Agency fees  6,353,411.32  7,330,141.27  Labour protection expenses  905,221.93  735,786.76  Vehicle expenses  727,704.75  786,337.32  Others  5,440,145.74  5,232,961.73  1,913,331,910.38  1,602,098,733.32   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35.  Income tax expense

| 2022  2021  Current income tax expense  -  -  Deferred tax expense  (24,458,953.47)  1,822,408.57  (24,458,953.47)  1,822,408.57   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 35.  Income tax expense (continued)

The reconciliation from total profit/(loss) to income tax expense is as follows:

| 2022  2021  Total profit/(loss)  (92,891,041.50)  3,027,238.09  Income tax expense at the statutory or  applicable tax rate (note 1)  (23,222,610.38)  756,809.52  Income not subject to tax  (1,418,287.14)  (180,990.59)  Expenses not deductible for tax  287.50  1,049,708.38  Deductible temporary differences and tax losses  not recognised  181,656.55  196,881.26  Tax expense at the Group's effective tax rate  (24,458,953.47)  1,822,408.57   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 1: The income tax of the Group is calculated based on the estimated taxable income gained in China and the applicable tax rate.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 36.  Earnings/(loss) per share

| 2022  2021  RMB/Share  RMB/Share  Basic earnings/(loss) per share  Continuing operations  (0.037)  0.001  Diluted earnings/(loss) per share  Continuing operations  (0.037)  0.001   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  calculation  of  basic  earnings/loss  per  share  is  based  on  the  net  profit/(loss)  for  the  period attributable  to  ordinary  shareholders  of  the  Company  divided  by  the  weighted  average  number  of ordinary  shares  in  issue.  The  number  of  newly  issued  ordinary  shares  is  determined  according  to the  specific  terms  of  the  issue  contract  and  calculated  from  the  date  of  consideration  receivable (normally the stock issue date).

The calculation of basic earnings/loss per share and diluted earnings/loss per share is as follows:

| 2022  2021  Earnings/(loss)  Net profit/(loss) for the year attributable to  ordinary shareholders of the Company  (68,345,251.96)  1,431,633.17  Shares  Weighted average number of ordinary shares  in issue of the Company  1,839,307,800.00  1,839,307,800.00   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company  did  not  have  potentially  dilutive  ordinary  shares  as  at  the  date  of  approval  of  the financial statements.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 37.  Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows

- (1) Adjustment of net profit/(loss) to cash flows from operating activities:

| 2022  2021  Net profit/(loss)  (68,432,088.03)  1,204,829.52  Add:  Provisions for asset impairment  (3,567,690.08)  3,284,418.07  Depreciation of fixed assets  61,789,747.14  61,007,651.56  Amortisation of intangible assets  486,638.82  459,223.40  Decrease in deferred income  (9,048,263.55)  (2,425,241.70)  Losses on disposal of fixed assets,  intangible assets and other long-term  assets (less: income)  (2,519.03)  -  Losses on scrap of fixed assets  1,866,822.05  701,582.08  Finance costs  (6,228,107.34)  (17,561,107.37)  Investment income  (5,673,148.56)  (723,962.36)  (Increase)/decrease in deferred tax assets  (24,458,953.47)  1,822,408.57  Decrease in inventories  384,555.00  1,299,749.86  (Increase)/decrease in operating  receivables  (177,770,569.42)  3,109,777.15  Increase in operating payables  261,479,175.04  23,485,257.61  Net cash flows from operating activities  30,825,598.57  75,664,586.39   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## V. NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 37.  Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows (continued)

## (1) Adjustment of net profit/(loss) to cash flows from operating activities: (continued)

Movement in cash and cash equivalents:

| 2022  2021  Closing balance of cash  964,053,334.91  936,589,733.94  Less: Opening balance of cash  936,589,733.94  499,386,453.75  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  27,463,600.97  437,203,280.19   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Cash and cash equivalents

| 2022  2021  Cash  964,053,334.91  936,589,733.94  Including: Cash on hand  9,000.00  9,287.17  Bank deposits on demand  964,044,334.91  936,580,446.77   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## VI.  INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES

## 1. Interests in subsidiaries

Details of the subsidiaries of the Company are as follows:

| Principal place  of business  Place of  registration  Nature of  company  Nature of  business  Registered  capital  Proportion of  Shareholding  (%)  Proportion  of votes  (%)  Direct/Indirect  Newly established or invested  天津天聯節能科技有限公司  (former name:  天津天聯投資有限公司）  Tianjin, the PRC  Tianjin, the PRC  Limited liability  company  Investment  20,000,000.00  100%  100%  Business combination not involving  entities under common control  貴州津維礦業投資有限公司  ('Guizhou Jinwei')  Guizhou, the PRC  Guizhou, the PRC  Limited liability  company  Mining business  16,000,000.00  88%  88%  貴州省台江縣國新鉛鋅選礦  有限責任公司  ('Guizhou Guoxin')  Guizhou, the PRC  Guizhou, the PRC  Limited liability  company  Mining business  5,000,000.00  100%  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2. Interests in an associate

| Principal place  of business  Place of  registration  Nature of  company  Nature of  business  Registered  capital  Proportion of  Shareholding  (%)  Accounting  method  Direct/Indirect  天津市濱海燃氣有限公司  Tianjin, the PRC  Tianjin, the PRC  Limited liability  company  Gas sales and  transportation  7,200,000.00  30.55%  Equity   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

天津市濱海燃氣有限公司， an associate of the Group, engages in the same industry with the Group. The  Group  adopted  the  equity  method  to  measure  this  investment  and  it  is  not  strategic  to  the Group's operation.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## VI.  INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

## 2. Interests in an associate (continued)

The  table  below  demonstrates  the  financial  information  of 天津市濱海燃氣有限公司， which  is adjusted according to all accounting differences and adjusted to the carrying amount of the financial statements:

| 2022  2021  Current assets  144,847,100.06  75,594,603.47  Non-current assets  232,199,440.07  274,118,815.96  Total assets  377,046,540.13  349,713,419.43  Current liabilities  115,095,241.23  97,800,320.50  Non-current liabilities  94,006,220.84  102,842,384.52  Total liabilities  209,101,462.07  200,642,705.02  Net assets  167,945,078.06  149,070,714.41  Net assets portion based on shareholding  51,307,221.35  45,538,741.49  Adjustment  3,594,819.38  3,597,233.35  Carrying amount of investment  54,902,040.73  49,135,974.84  Revenue  276,544,221.38  223,315,943.70  Income tax expense  6,190,014.80  1,840,745.77  Net profit  18,570,044.37  2,369,762.20  Other comprehensive income  -  -  Total comprehensive income  18,570,044.37  2,369,762.20  Dividends received  159,550.68  503,951.69   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## VII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## 1. Classification of financial instruments

The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the balance sheet date are as follows:

2022

## Financial assets

| Financial assets  measured at  amortised cost  Financial assets  measured at fair  value through other  comprehensive  income  Total  Cash and bank balances  1,067,256,503.97  -  1,067,256,503.97  Trade receivables  227,301,208.95  -  227,301,208.95  Receivables financing  -  140,278,760.77  140,278,760.77  Other receivables  1,702,869.48  -  1,702,869.48  1,296,260,582.40  140,278,760.77  1,436,539,343.17   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial liabilities

| Financial  liabilities measured  at amortised cost  Total  Trade payables  434,170,568.15  434,170,568.15  Other payables  39,178,709.80  39,178,709.80  473,349,277.95  473,349,277.95   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## VII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## 1. Classification of financial instruments (continued)

The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the balance sheet date are as follows: (continued)

2021

## Financial assets

| Financial assets  measured at  amortised cost  Financial assets  measured at fair  value through other  comprehensive  income  Total  Cash and bank balances  1,150,947,998.99  -  1,150,947,998.99  Trade receivables  157,289,566.44  -  157,289,566.44  Receivables financing  -  47,215,625.61  47,215,625.61  Other receivables  4,674,905.67  -  4,674,905.67  1,312,912,471.10  47,215,625.61  1,360,128,096.71   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial liabilities

Trade payables

Other payables

Financial liabilities measured

at amortised cost

200,484,781.18

31,249,026.50

231,733,807.68

Total

200,484,781.18

31,249,026.50

231,733,807.68

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## VII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## 2. Risks arising from financial instruments

The  main  risks  arising  from  the  Group's  financial  instruments  are  credit  risk,  liquidity  risk,  and market risk (including interest rate risk). The Group's principal financial instruments comprise cash and bank balances, trade receivables, receivables financing and trade payables. In this regard, risks arising from financial instruments and the Group's risk management policies which aims at mitigation of these risks are outlined below.

The  board  of  directors  is  responsible  for  planning  and  establishing  the  Group's  risk  management framework, developing the Group's risk management policies and related guidelines and overseeing the  implementation  of  risk  management  measures.  The  Group  has  developed  risk  management policies  to  identify  and  analyse  the  risks  faced  by  the  Group.  These  risk  management  policies define  specific  risks  which  cover  many  aspects  such  as  market  risk,  credit  risk  and  liquidity  risk management. The Group evaluates the market environment and changes in the Group's operations to determine whether or not to update the risk management policies and systems on a regular basis.

The Group uses appropriate diversification and portfolio to diversify the risk of financial instruments and reduce the risk  of  focusing  on  any  single  industry,  specific  region  or  specific  counterparty  by developing appropriate risk management policies.

## Credit risk

The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group's policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, balances of trade receivables are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group's exposure to bad debts is not significant. For transactions that are not settled in the functional currency of the relevant operating unit, the Group does not offer credit terms without the specific approval of the Department of Credit Control in the Group.

Since the Group trades with creditworthy and high credit rating banks, the related credit risk of cash and bank balances and bank acceptance bills receivable is rather low.

The  credit  risk  of  other  financial  assets,  which  comprise  trade  receivables  and  other  receivables, arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts of these instruments.

The maximum exposure to credit risk of the Group at each balance sheet date is the total amount charged to the customers less the amount of the impairment provision.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## VII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## 2. Risks arising from financial instruments (continued)

## Credit risk (continued)

Since the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties, there is no requirement for  collateral.  Concentrations  of  credit  risk  are  managed  according  to  customers,  geographic  areas and industries. As at 31 December 2022, the Group had certain concentrations of credit risk as 42% (31  December 2021: 38%) and 86% (31 December 2021: 77%) of the Group's trade receivables were due from the Group's largest customer and the five largest customers, respectively. The Group did not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over the balances of trade receivables.

## Criteria for judging significant increases in credit risk

The Group assesses whether or not the credit risk of the relevant financial instruments has increased significantly since the initial recognition at each balance sheet date. While determining whether the credit  risk  has  significantly  increased  since  initial  recognition  or  not,  the  Group  takes  into  account the  reasonable  and  substantiated  information  that  is  accessible  without  exerting  unnecessary  cost or effort, including qualitative and quantitative analysis based on the historical data of the Company, the external credit rating, and forward-looking information. Based on the single financial instrument or  the  combination  of  financial  instruments  with  similar  characteristics  of  credit  risk,  the  Group compares the risk of default of financial instruments on the balance sheet date with that on the initial recognition date in order to figure out the changes of default risk in the expected lifetime of financial instruments.

The Group considers a financial instrument to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk when one or more of the following quantitative and qualitative criteria have been met:

- (1) Quantitative  criteria  are  mainly  that  the  increase  in  probability  of  default  for  remaining lifetime at the reporting date is considered to be significant comparing with the one at initial recognition;
- (2) Qualitative criteria are the significant adverse change in debtor's operation or financial status, the watch-list, etc.

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## VII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## 2. Risks arising from financial instruments (continued)

## Credit risk (continued)

Definition of credit-impaired financial assets

The standard adopted by the Group to determine whether a credit impairment occurs is consistent with the internal credit risk management objectives of the relevant financial instrument, taking into account quantitative and qualitative criteria. When the Group assesses whether the credit impairment of a debtor occurred, the following factors are mainly considered:

- (1) Significant financial difficulty of the issuer or debtor;
- (2) Debtors  are  in  breach  of  contract,  such  as  defaulting  on  interest  or  becoming  overdue  on interest or principal payments overdue;
- (3) The  creditor  of  the  debtor,  for  economic  or  contractual  reasons  relating  to  the  debtor's financial  difficulty,  having  granted  to  the  debtor  a  concession  that  the  creditor  would  not otherwise consider;
- (4) It is becoming probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial restructuring;
- (5) The disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties of the issuer or debtor;
- (6) The purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit losses.

The credit impairment on a financial asset may be caused by the combined effect of multiple events and may not be necessarily due to a single event.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## VII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## 2. Risks arising from financial instruments (continued)

## Credit risk (continued)

Exposure to credit risk

As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group used the expected credit loss rate in making provision for bad debts of receivables according to expected credit losses over 12 months and entire lifetime. Please refer to Note V.2 Trade receivables and Note V.5 Other receivables.

The  above-mentioned  expected  average  loss  rate  is  based  on  historical  actual  bad  debt  rate  and takes  current  conditions  and  forecasts  of  future  economic  conditions  into  consideration.  From  1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022, the Group's assessment methods and major assumptions have not changed.

## Liquidity risk

The Group's management monitors the liquidity position of the Group on an ongoing basis to ensure the  availability  of  sufficient  cash  and  cash  equivalents  to  meet  operation  needs  and  decrease  the influence of cash flow fluctuations.

The maturity profile of the Group's financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

## 2022

| On demand  Within  3 months  3 months  to 1 year  Total  Trade payables  -  434,170,568.15  -  434,170,568.15  Other payables  10,974,939.71  28,203,770.09  -  39,178,709.80  10,974,939.71  462,374,338.24  -  473,349,277.95   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## VII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## 2. Risks arising from financial instruments (continued)

Liquidity risk (continued)

2021

| On demand  Within  3 months  3 months  to 1 year  Total  Trade payables  -  200,484,781.18  -  200,484,781.18  Other payables  10,974,939.71  20,274,086.79  -  31,249,026.50  10,974,939.71  220,758,867.97  -  231,733,807.68   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Market risk

Interest rate risk

The Group's exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group's bank deposits. As the bank deposits of the Group are mainly current deposits and fixed deposits with terms over 3 months, the Group is not exposed to any significant interest rate risk.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## VII. RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## 3. Capital management

The  primary  objectives  of  the  Group's  capital  management  are  to  safeguard  the  Group's  ability  to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business development and maximise shareholders' value.

To  maintain  or  adjust  the  capital  structure,  the  Group  may  adjust  the  dividend  payment  to shareholders,  return  capital  to  shareholders,  issue  new  shares  or  dispose  of  assets  to  settle  the liabilities.

The Group's total capital refers to shareholders' equity listed in the statement of financial position. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements and monitors capital using a gearing ratio.

The gearing ratios of the Group as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 were as follows:

| 2022  2021  Gearing ratio  37%  29%   |
|---------------------------------------|

## VIII.  FAIR VALUE

## 1. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value

2022

| Inputs used in financial instruments measured at fair value  Quoted prices  in active markets  Significant  observable  inputs  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Total  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3)  Receivables financing  -  140,278,760.77  -  140,278,760.77  -  140,278,760.77  -  140,278,760.77  2021  Inputs used in financial instruments measured at fair value  Quoted prices  in active markets  Significant  observable  inputs  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Total  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3)  Receivables financing  -  47,215,625.61  -  47,215,625.61  -  47,215,625.61  -  47,215,625.61   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## VIII.  FAIR VALUE (continued)

## 2. Fair value evaluation

Management  has  assessed  items  such  as  cash  and  bank  balances,  trade  receivables,  other receivables, trade payables and other payables. and considers that their fair values approximate to their carrying amounts due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

The Group's finance team is led by the finance manager, and is responsible for formulating policies and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance team reports directly  to  the  chief  financial  officer  and  the  Audit  Committee.  On  each  balance  sheet  date,  the finance  team  analyses  movements  in  the  fair  value  of  financial  instruments  and  determines  the major inputs applicable to the valuation. The valuation must be reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer. The finance team discusses the valuation process and results twice a year with the Audit Committee for interim and annual financial reporting.

The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities is determined based on the amount for which an asset could be exchanged, or a liability settled, between knowledgeable, willing parties in an arm's length transaction, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.

## IX.  RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS

## 1. Parent company

| Place of  registration  Nature of business  Registered  capital  Proportion of  shareholding  (%)  Proportion of  votes (%)  Jinran China  Resources  Tianjin,  the PRC  Operation of gas;  various types of  engineering construction  activities;installation and  repair of gas-fired appliance  etc.  5 billion  70.54%  70.54%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 28 April 2022, Tianjin Gas, the Company's former parent company, transferred its 70.54% of the total issued shares of the Company to Jinran China Resources. The share transfer was completed on 25 May 2022. Since then, the Company's holding company changed from Tianjin Gas to Jinran China Resources. The ultimate holding company of the Company is Tianjin Capital.

On  6  May  2020,  Tianjin  Capital  has  charged  100%  equity  interest  in  Tianjin  Energy  (which  own 100% equity interest in Tianjin Gas) to China Construction Bank Corporation (Tianjin Branch).

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## IX.  RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS

(continued)

## 2. Subsidiaries

For details of the subsidiaries, please refer to Note VI.1. Interests in subsidiaries.

## 3. Associate

For details of the associate, please refer to Note VI.2. Interests in an associate.

## 4. Other related parties

天津能源投資集團有限公司

天津濱海燃氣集團有限公司 天津市燃氣熱力規劃設計研究院有限公司 天津泰華燃氣有限公司 天津市液化氣工程有限公司 天津市裕民燃氣表具有限公司 天津濱海中油燃氣有限責任公司 天津市益銷燃氣工程發展有限公司 天津市眾元天然氣工程有限公司 天津市聯益燃氣配套工程有限責任公司 天津市熱力有限公司

天津市液化氣有限責任公司

華潤燃氣（鄭州） 市政設計研究院有限公司

天津市津能工程管理有限公司

天津能源投資集團科技有限公司

天津津能易安泰科技有限公司

天津華潤萬家生活超市有限公司

## Relationship with related parties

Ultimate controller of the investor who exercise joint control over the controlling shareholder

A subsidiary of the controlling shareholder

A subsidiary of the controlling shareholder

A subsidiary of the controlling shareholder

A subsidiary of the controlling shareholder A subsidiary of the controlling shareholder A subsidiary of the controlling shareholder A subsidiary of the controlling shareholder A subsidiary of the controlling shareholder A subsidiary of the controlling shareholder A subsidiary of the investor who exercise joint control over the controlling shareholder A subsidiary of the investor who exercise joint control over the controlling shareholder A subsidiary of the investor who exercise joint control over the controlling shareholder A subsidiary of the ultimate controller of the investor who exercise joint control over the controlling shareholder A subsidiary of the ultimate controller of the investor who exercise joint control over the controlling shareholder A subsidiary of the ultimate controller of the investor who exercise joint control over the controlling shareholder A subsidiary of the ultimate controller of the investor who exercise joint control over the controlling shareholder

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## IX.  RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS

(continued)

## 5. Major transactions between the Group and its related parties

## (1) Goods and services between related parties

Purchase of piped gas from a related party

| 2022  2021  津燃華潤燃氣有限公司  1,642,109,675.27  1,333,973,253.92   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Gas transportation and rent services provided to related parties

| 2022  2021  天津濱海燃氣集團有限公司  1,834,862.38  5,504,587.18  津燃華潤燃氣有限公司  325,899.98  2,041,669.43  2,160,762.36  7,546,256.61   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Sales of piped gas to related parties

| 2022  2021  天津泰華燃氣有限公司  241,413,939.04  193,918,167.46  天津市熱力有限公司  3,089,092.88  2,172,340.96  天津華潤萬家生活超市有限公司  621,785.37  -  天津濱海中油燃氣有限責任公司  199,287.70  120,598.10  天津能源投資集團有限公司  22,153.99  18,078.07  天津市眾元天然氣工程有限公司  18,123.41  7,505.48  天津市益銷燃氣工程發展有限公司  426.70  349.80  245,364,809.09  196,237,039.87   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## IX.  RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS

(continued)

## 5. Major transactions between the Group and its related parties (continued)

## (1) Goods and services between related parties (continued)

Engineering  construction  services  and  gas  meter  installation  services  received  from  related parties

| 2022  2021  Engineering construction services received  天津市聯益燃氣配套工程有限責任公司  18,183,725.63  3,109,876.63  天津市液化氣工程有限公司  18,046,291.68  12,475,049.28  天津市眾元天然氣工程有限公司  11,991,708.89  3,876,043.21  48,221,726.20  19,460,969.12  Gas meter installation services received  天津市益銷燃氣工程發展有限公司  2,052,306.97  3,565,429.45  津燃華潤燃氣有限公司  734,981.65  6,808,899.08  2,787,288.62  10,374,328.53   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## IX.  RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS

(continued)

## 5. Major transactions between the Group and its related parties (continued)

## (1) Goods and services between related parties (continued)

Purchase of gas meters from related parties

| 2022  2021  天津市裕民燃氣表具有限公司  4,417,451.33  5,013,227.48  津燃華潤燃氣有限公司  2,120,448.68  20,049,554.86  6,537,900.01  25,062,782.34   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Purchase of internet services from related parties

| 2022  2021  天津能源投資集團科技有限公司  188,679.24  -  天津津能易安泰科技有限公司  -  25,165.09  188,679.24  25,165.09   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Construction design services received from a related party

| 2022  2021  天津市燃氣熱力規劃設計研究院有限公司  2,410,145.31  1,111,536.57  華潤燃氣（鄭州） 市政設計研究院有限公司  62,738.30  -  2,472,883.61  1,111,536.57   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## IX.  RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS

(continued)

## 5. Major transactions between the Group and its related parties (continued)

## (1) Goods and services between related parties (continued)

Purchase of fixed assets from a related party

| 2022  2021  天津能源投資集團科技有限公司  43,234.26  605,601.77  Rental of buildings from related parties  2022  2021  天津市液化氣有限責任公司  233,142.87  233,142.87  天津市益銷燃氣工程發展有限公司  89,735.78  89,735.78  322,878.65  322,878.65  Construction supervision services received from a related party  2022  2021  天津市津能工程管理有限公司  6,224.20  -  6,224.20  -  Construction cost consulting services received from a related party  2022  2021  天津市津能工程管理有限公司  15,044.50  -  15,044.50  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The pricing of the above related parties transactions was negotiated by both parties according to the market prices.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## IX.  RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS

(continued)

## 5. Major transactions between the Group and its related parties (continued)

- (2) Remuneration of key management

| 2022  2021  Remuneration of key management  3,609,189.00  3,519,692.48   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. Commitments of gas transportation between the Group and related parties

- (1) On 31 January 2016, Tianjin Binhai Gas Group Company Limited （天津濱海燃氣集團有限公 司） ('Binhai Gas Group'), a subsidiary of the controlling shareholder, made a written promise of the lease of the high pressure gas pipelines of the Group for natural gas transmission from 1 May 2016.
- (2) On  25  April  2016,  Binhai  Gas  Group  and  the  Group  entered  into  a  gas  pipeline  lease agreement (the  'Gas  Pipeline  Lease  Agreement')  with  a  lease  term  of  3  years  from  1  May 2016  to  30  April  2019.  The  Group  shall  have  an  option,  the  exercise  of  which  is  at  its absolute  discretion,  to  renew  the  Gas  Pipeline  Lease  Agreement  based  on  the  same  terms and conditions for a further term of two years upon expiration of the original term, from 1 May 2019 to 30 April 2021. The gas pipeline lease fee is RMB6,000,000.00 per year. On 30 April 2019, the Group exercised the option at its absolute direction.

On 30 April 2021, the Gas Pipeline Lease Agreement has expired. The Group has renewed the  Gas  Pipeline  Lease  Agreement  for  the  period  from  1  May  2021  with  a  lease  term  of  1 year and a lease fee of RMB6,000,000.00 per year. On 30 April 2022, the Gas Pipeline Lease Agreement has expired and has not been renewed.

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## IX.  RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS

(continued)

## 7. Amounts due from related parties

| 2022  2021  Trade receivables  天津泰華燃氣有限公司  81,245,102.73  37,018,389.37  津燃華潤燃氣有限公司  355,230.96  2,225,419.66  天津市液化氣工程有限公司  185.73  -  天津濱海燃氣集團有限公司  -  3,000,000.00  81,600,519.42  42,243,809.03  2022  2021  Other receivables  津燃華潤燃氣有限公司  1,343,567.72  984,540.76  天津能源投資集團有限公司  -  2,972,972.97  1,343,567.72  3,957,513.73  2022  2021  Prepayments  天津津能易安泰科技有限公司  -  100,000.00   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amounts due from related parties are non-interest bearing, unsecured and have no fixed terms of repayment.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## IX.  RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS

(continued)

## 8. Amounts due to related parties

| 2022  2021  Trade payables  津燃華潤燃氣有限公司  289,407,325.37  81,500,229.07  天津市聯益燃氣配套工程有限責任公司  24,467,528.60  6,285,772.68  天津市液化氣工程有限公司  16,888,067.44  11,438,107.36  天津市眾元天然氣工程有限公司  10,985,539.14  3,774,641.55  天津市裕民燃氣表具有限公司  8,282,176.29  6,524,324.45  天津市燃氣熱力規劃設計研究院有限公司  3,999,163.61  2,226,563.03  天津市益銷燃氣工程發展有限公司  3,631,704.86  8,389,543.40  天津能源投資集團科技有限公司  54,216.51  484,481.44  華潤燃氣（鄭州） 市政設計研究院有限公司  32,902.60  -  天津市津能工程管理有限公司  6,597.65  -  357,755,222.07  120,623,662.98  2022  2021  Contract liabilities  天津市熱力有限公司  1,232,332.64  983,748.43  天津市液化氣工程有限公司  723,426.51  -  天津華潤萬家生活超市有限公司  140,893.68  -  天津濱海中油燃氣有限責任公司  78,912.52  92,391.28  天津能源投資集團有限公司  9,359.75  13,507.61  2,184,925.10  1,089,647.32   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## IX.  RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS

(continued)

## 8. Amounts due to related parties (continued)

| 2022  2021  Other payables  天津能源投資集團有限公司  14,531,300.00  -  津燃華潤燃氣有限公司  1,570,039.21  1,296,045.21  天津市益銷燃氣工程發展有限公司  89,735.78  -  天津能源投資集團科技有限公司  3,773.58  17,200.00  16,194,848.57  1,313,245.21   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amounts  due  to  related  parties  are  non-interest  bearing,  unsecured  and  have  no  fixed  terms  of repayment.

## X. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

## 1. Commitments

| 2022  2021  Contracted but not provided for  Capital commitments  94,950,802.58  96,463,798.99  94,950,802.58  96,463,798.99   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## XI.  POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS

On  18  January  2023,  the  Company  and 津燃華潤燃氣有限公司 entered  into  the  New  Framework Agreement regarding the provision of construction and other services by 津燃華潤燃氣有限公司 and/or its associated companies to the Group for the three years ending 31 December 2025. The annual caps under the  New  Framework  Agreement  are  as  follows:  the  annual  cap  of  the  year  ending  31  December  2023  is RMB141 million; the annual cap of the year ending 31 December 2024 is RMB124 million and the annual cap of the year ending 31 December 2025 is RMB77 million.

On  13  February  2023,  the  Company  and 天津市裕民燃氣表具有限公司 entered  into  the  Agreement pursuant to which 天津市裕民燃氣表具有限公司 agreed to supply to the Company IoT gas meters for the contract term up to 31 December 2025. Pursuant to the Agreement, Tianjin Yumin agreed to supply to the Company upon the Company's request, the annual caps are as follows: the annual cap of the year ending 31 December 2023 is RMB22 million; the annual cap of the year ending 31 December 2024 is RMB2.048 million and the annual cap of the year ending 31 December 2025 is RMB2 million.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## XII. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

## 1. Segment reporting

## Operating segments

For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services and has five reportable operating segments as follows:

- (1) Sales of piped gas;
- (2) Gas connection;
- (3) Gas transportation;
- (4) Sales of gas appliances and others;
- (5) Gas pipelines rent.

Management monitors the results of the Group's operating segments separately for the purpose of making  decisions  about  resource  allocation  and  performance  assessment.  Segment  performance is  evaluated  based  on  reportable  segment  profit,  which  is  a  measure  of  adjusted  total  profit  from continuing operations. The adjusted total profit from continuing operations is measured consistently with  the  Group's  total  profit  from  continuing  operations  except  that  interest  income,  finance  costs, dividend income, fair value gains from the Group's financial instruments as well as head office and corporate expenses are excluded from such measurement.

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## XII. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

## 1. Segment reporting (continued)

Operating segments (continued)

## 2022

Revenue from external customers

Segment operating profit/(loss)

Add:  Other income

Investment income

Credit impairment loss

Asset impairment loss

Less: Administrative expenses

Finance costs

Add:  Non-operating income

Less: Non-operating expenses

Total Loss

## 2021

| Sales of  piped gas  Gas  connection  Gas  transportation  Sales of gas  appliances  and others  Gas  pipelines rent  Total  Revenue from external customers  1,512,089,594.53  53,015,276.65  2,041,669.43  7,118,476.78  5,504,587.18  1,579,769,604.57  Segment operating profit/(loss)  (18,090,585.72)  23,509,600.04  96,961.60  2,127,519.59  952,263.39  8,595,758.90  Add:  Other income  5,645,680.60  Investment income  723,962.36  Credit impairment losses  (3,284,418.07)  Asset impairment losses  -  Less: Administrative expenses  33,760,441.27  Finance costs  (29,988,723.92)  Add:  Non-operating income  12,596.38  Less: Non-operating expenses  4,894,624.73  Total profit  3,027,238.09   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No analysis of the Group's assets and liabilities by operating segment is disclosed as it is not regularly provided to the board of directors for review.

| Sales of  piped gas  Gas  connection  Gas  transportation  Sales of gas  appliances  and others  Gas  pipelines rent  Total  1,727,833,561.02  46,470,268.27  325,899.98  3,894,037.60  1,834,862.38  1,780,358,629.25  (128,017,830.70)  25,118,076.97  322,500.50  1,198,877.55  318,710.67  (101,059,665.01)  2,353,956.28  5,673,148.56  3,567,690.08  -  33,857,957.80  (32,614,764.79)  3,976.31  2,186,954.71  (92,891,041.50)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022

Renminbi Yuan

## XII. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

## 1. Segment reporting (continued)

## Other information

Information about products and services

For the revenue classified by category, please refer to Note V.25.

## Geographical information

All  the  Group's  operations  and  non-current  assets  are  located  in  Mainland  China;  and  all  of  its revenue from external parties is generated from Mainland China.

## Information about major customers

The Group's operating revenue of RMB678,010,939.56 (which accounted for more than 10% of the Group's  total  revenue)  was  derived  from  sales  to  a  single  customer  (including  sales  to  a  group  of entities which are known to be under the control of that customer) (2021: RMB620,600,983.16).

## 2. Leases

## (1) As lessor

The Group has entered into operating leases on some of its gas pipelines and the lease term is 1 to 3 years. Please refer to Note IX.6. In 2022, the rental income recognised by the Group on  those  gas  pipelines  was  RMB1,834,862.38  (2021:  RMB5,504,587.18).  Please  refer  to Note V.25.

## XII. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

## 2. Leases (continued)

## (1) As lessor (continued)

## Operating leases

The profit or loss relating to operating leases is as follows:

| 2022  2021  Rentals  1,834,862.38  5,504,587.18   |
|---------------------------------------------------|

The Group had total future minimum lease receivables under non-cancellable leases with its tenants falling due as follows:

| 2022  2021  Within 1 year, inclusive  -  2,000,000.00  -  2,000,000.00   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For fixed assets leased out under operating leases, refer to Note V.9.

## (2) As lessee

| 2022  2021  Expenses relating to short-term leases  accounted for current profit or loss  under the simplified approach  495,898.54  459,231.87  Total cash outflow for leases  477,800.00  490,112.00   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## XII. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

## 2. Leases (continued)

## (2) As lessee (continued)

The  Group  has  lease  contracts  for  houses  and  buildings  used  in  its  operations.  Leases  of houses and buildings generally have lease terms of one year. Generally, the Group is restricted from subleasing the leased assets.

The Group has no leases which have been promised but not yet commenced.

Other information relating to leases

For practical expedients of short-term leases, refer to Note III.22.

## 3. Remuneration of directors, supervisors and chief executive

Remuneration of directors, supervisors and chief executive for the year is disclosed as follows:

| 2022  2021  Fees  300,000.00  300,000.00  Other emoluments:  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  801,401.08  901,793.37  Performance related bonuses  711,906.00  475,797.46  Pension scheme contributions  139,700.16  143,948.00  1,653,007.24  1,521,538.83  1,953,007.24  1,821,538.83   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## XII. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

## 3. Remuneration of directors, supervisors and chief executive (continued)

## (1) Independent non-executive directors

The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

| 2022  2021  Zhang Yinghua  50,000.00  50,000.00  Yu Jianjun  50,000.00  50,000.00  Guo Jiali  50,000.00  50,000.00  150,000.00  150,000.00   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There was no other remuneration payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year (2021: Nil).

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## XII. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

## 3. Remuneration of directors, supervisors and chief executive (continued)

- (2) Executive directors, non-executive directors, the chief executive and supervisors

## 2022

| Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Performance  related bonuses  Pension scheme  contributions  Total  Executive directors:  Tang Jie  50,000.00  -  -  -  50,000.00  Zhao Wei (notes 1 and 2)  -  212,290.06  216,324.00  26,360.16  454,974.22  Chen Tao (notes 2 and 9)  -  -  -  -  -  Sun Liangchuan (notes 3 and 7)  -  282,536.82  243,492.00  40,717.92  566,746.74  50,000.00  494,826.88  459,816.00  67,078.08  1,071,720.96  Non-executive directors:  Guan Na (notes 4 and 9)  -  -  -  -  -  Wu Fang (notes 4 and 9)  -  -  -  -  -  Zhao Henghai (notes 1 and 4)  -  -  -  -  -  Zhang Jinghan (notes 4 and 9)  -  -  -  -  -  Hou Yuling (notes 4 and 8)  -  -  -  -  -  Hou Shuangjiang (notes 1 and 4)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Supervisors:  Xu Peng (note 6)  -  -  -  -  -  Zhang Tingting  -  159,460.20  126,450.00  37,148.16  323,058.36  Xu Hui  50,000.00  -  -  -  50,000.00  Sun Guoqing (notes 5 and 6)  -  -  -  -  -  Liu Zhiyuan  50,000.00  -  -  -  50,000.00  You Huiyan  -  147,114.00  125,640.00  35,473.92  308,227.92  100,000.00  306,574.20  252,090.00  72,622.08  731,286.28  150,000.00  801,401.08  711,906.00  139,700.16  1,803,007.24   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## XII. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

## 3. Remuneration of directors, supervisors and chief executive (continued)

## (2) Executive directors, non-executive directors, the chief executive and supervisors (continued)

2021

| Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Performance  related bonuses  Pension scheme  contributions  Total  Executive directors:  Tang Jie  50,000.00  -  -  -  50,000.00  Zhao Wei (notes 1 and 2)  -  315,167.47  175,979.97  36,638.40  527,785.84  Sun Liangchuan (notes 3 and 7)  -  279,935.47  122,534.82  36,638.40  439,108.69  50,000.00  595,102.94  298,514.79  73,276.80  1,016,894.53  Non-executive directors:  Zhao Henghai (notes 1 and 4)  -  -  -  -  -  Zhang Jinlin (note 7)  -  -  -  -  -  Hou Yuling (notes 4 and 8)  -  -  -  -  -  Hou Shuangjiang (notes 1 and 4)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Supervisors:  Hao Li (note 5)  -  79,691.91  -  17,504.64  97,196.55  Zhang Tingting (note 5)  -  83,231.44  52,728.67  20,609.12  156,569.23  Xu Hui  50,000.00  -  -  -  50,000.00  Yang Huling (note 5)  -  -  -  -  -  Sun Guoqing (notes 5 and 6)  -  -  -  -  -  Liu Zhiyuan  50,000.00  -  -  -  50,000.00  You Huiyan  -  143,767.08  124,554.00  32,557.44  300,878.52  100,000.00  306,690.43  177,282.67  70,671.20  654,644.30  150,000.00  901,793.37  475,797.46  143,948.00  1,671,538.83   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## XII. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

## 3. Remuneration of directors, supervisors and chief executive (continued)

## (2) Executive directors, non-executive directors, the chief executive and supervisors (continued)

- Note 1:   These directors have waived their remuneration from 26 June 2018.
- Note 2: Mr.  Zhao  Wei  resigned  as  Chairman  of  the  Group  on  1  August  2022.  Mr.  Chen  Tao  was appointed as Chairman of the Group On 1 August 2022 to fill the vacancy.
- Note 3:   Mr.  Sun  Liangchuan  was  appointed  as  the  general  manager  of  the  Company  on  22  May 2020.  The  Company  does  not  have  any  officer  with  the  title  of  'chief  executive  officer'  or 'chief executive', but the duties of the chief executive officer have been carried out by Mr. Sun  Liangchuan,  the  general  manager  of  the  Company.  The  emoluments  disclosed  above include those for services rendered by him as the general manager of the Company. Mr. Sun Liangchuan was appointed as an executive director of the Group on 29 June 2020.
- Note 4:   Mr.  Hou  Shuangjiang,  Ms.  Hou  Yuling  and  Mr.  Zhao  Henghai  resigned  as  non-executive directors of the Group on 1 August 2022. Ms. Wu Fang, Ms. Guan Na and Mr. Zhang Jinghan were appointed as non-executive directors of the Group On 1 August 2022 to fill the vacancy.
- Note 5: Ms. Hao Li and Mr. Yang Huling retired as supervisors of the Group on 25 June 2021. Ms. Zhang Tingting and Mr. Sun Guoqing were appointed as supervisors of the Group on 25 June 2021 to fill the vacancies.
- Note 6:   Mr. Sun Guoqing resigned as the supervisor of the Group on 1 August 2022. Mr. Xu Peng was appointed as the supervisor of the Group on 1 August 2022 to fill the vacancy.
- Note 7:   This director have waived his remuneration from 29 June 2020.
- Note 8:   This director has waived her remuneration from 25 June 2021.
- Note 9:   These directors has waived their remuneration from 1 August 2022.

Mr.  Zhao  Wei,  Mr.  Zhao  Henghai  and  Mr.  Hou  Shuangjiang  waived  their respective  directors'  remuneration  from  26  June  2018.  Mr.  Sun  Liangchuan waived  his  directors'  remuneration  from  29  June  2020.  Ms.  Hou  Yuling  waived her  remuneration  from  25  June  2021.  Mr.  Chen  Tao,  Ms.  Guan  Na,  Ms.  Wu  Fang and  Mr.  Zhang  Jinghan  waived  their  respective  directors'  remuneration  from 1 August 2022. Save as disclosed, there was no other agreement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.

There  were  no  other  payments  made  or  benefits  provided  by  the  Group  in  respect  of  the termination of the services of directors, whether in the capacity of directors or in any other capacity while being directors during the year.

## XII. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

## 3. Remuneration of directors, supervisors and chief executive (continued)

## (3) Five highest paid employees

The five highest paid employees during the year included two directors (2021: two directors), details of whose remuneration are set out in Note XII.3.(2). Details of remunerations for the year of the remaining three (2021: three) highest paid employees who are not a director or chief executive of the Company are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  625,294.78  650,908.58  Performance related bonuses  551,834.70  507,140.17  Pension scheme contributions  105,437.28  100,592.16  1,282,566.76  1,258,640.91   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  number  of  non-director  and  non-chief  executive  highest  paid  employees  whose remuneration fell within the following band is as follows:

| Number of employees  2022  2021  Nil to HK$1,000,000  3  3   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## XIII.  NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE COMPANY'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. Trade receivables

The  credit  period  of  trade  receivables  is  usually  90  to  180  days.  The  trade  receivables  bear  no interest.

The ageing of trade receivables based on the invoice date is analysed below:

| 2022  2021  Within 1 year  226,883,322.34  158,322,786.06  1 to 2 years  534,732.20  3,826,207.83  2 to 3 years  1,757,247.83  334,271.98  Over 3 years  10,572,044.54  10,820,128.61  239,747,346.91  173,303,394.48  Less: Provision for bad debts of trade receivables  12,446,137.96  16,013,828.04  227,301,208.95  157,289,566.44   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The category of trade receivables is analysed below:

| 2022  2021  Gross carrying amount  Provision for bad debts  Net carrying  amount  Gross carrying amount  Provision for bad debts  Net carrying  amount  Amount  Percentage  Amount  Accruing  percentage  Amount  Percentage  Amount  Accruing  percentage  (%)  (%)  (%)  (%)  Provision for bad debts on  individual basis  12,376,877.29  5.16  12,376,877.29  100.00  -  15,264,813.04  8.80  15,264,813.04  100.00  -  Provision for bad debts by credit  risk characteristic group  227,370,469.62  94.84  69,260.67  0.03  227,301,208.95  158,038,581.44  91.20  749,015.00  0.50  157,289,566.44  239,747,346.91  100.00  12,446,137.96  5.19  227,301,208.95  173,303,394.48  100.00  16,013,828.04  9.20  157,289,566.44   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## XIII.  NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE COMPANY'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 1. Trade receivables (continued)

The provision for bad debts of trade receivables by credit risk characteristic group is as follows:

| 2022  2021  Estimated  carrying amount  arising from  default  Expected  credit loss  rate (%)  Lifetime  expected  credit loss  Estimated  carrying amount  arising from  default  Expected  credit loss  rate (%)  Lifetime  expected  credit loss  1 to 6 months  226,613,398.02  -  -  143,348,795.64  -  -  6 months to 1 year  269,924.32  5.00  13,496.22  14,578,798.77  5.00  728,939.94  1 to 2 years  462,348.31  10.00  46,234.82  81,065.83  10.00  8,106.58  2 to 3 years  1,949.83  20.00  389.97  -  20.00  -  Over 3 years  22,849.14  40.00  9,139.66  29,921.20  40.00  11,968.48  227,370,469.62  0.03  69,260.67  158,038,581.44  0.50  749,015.00   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movements in the provision for bad debts of trade receivables are as follows:

| Opening balance  Provision  for the year  Reversal  during the year  Closing balance  2022  16,013,828.04  419,942.72  (3,987,632.80)  12,446,137.96  2021  12,729,409.97  4,793,272.42  (1,508,854.35)  16,013,828.04   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  2022,  the  Company  provided  bad  debts  of  RMB419,942.72  (2021:  RMB4,793,272.42),  and reversed bad debts of RMB3,987,632.80 (2021: RMB1,508,854.35).

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## XIII.  NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE COMPANY'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 2. Other receivables

The ageing of other receivables is analysed below:

| 2022  2021  Within 1 year  1,465,333.09  4,260,064.18  1 to 2 years  986,902.26  1,778,933.72  2 to 3 years  789,182.80  1,705,331.28  Over 3 years  4,896,047.19  3,335,739.79  8,137,465.34  11,080,068.97  Less: Provision for bad debts of other receivables  2,488,941.29  2,488,941.29  5,648,524.05  8,591,127.68   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other receivables by nature are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Employees' borrowings  179,163.63  627,503.26  Subsidy  -  2,972,972.97  Deposits and others  7,958,301.71  7,479,592.74  8,137,465.34  11,080,068.97   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## XIII.  NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE COMPANY'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 2. Other receivables (continued)

The provision for bad debts of other receivables made according to expected credit losses over the 12 months is as follows:

## 2022

| Stage 1  Expected  credit losses  over the next  12 months  Total  Opening balance  2,488,941.29  2,488,941.29  Provision for the year  -  -  Reversal during the year  -  -  Transfer during the year  -  -  Write-off during the year  -  -  Closing balance  2,488,941.29  2,488,941.29   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## XIII.  NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE COMPANY'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 2. Other receivables (continued)

The provision for bad debts of other receivables made according to expected credit losses over the 12 months is as follows: (continued)

2021

| Stage 1  Expected  credit losses  over the next  12 months  Total  Opening balance  2,488,941.29  2,488,941.29  Provision for the year  -  -  Reversal during the year  -  -  Transfer during the year  -  -  Write-off during the year  -  -  Closing balance  2,488,941.29  2,488,941.29   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movements in the provision for bad debts of other receivables are as follows:

| Opening balance  Provision  for the year  Reversal  during the year  Closing balance  2022  2,488,941.29  -  -  2,488,941.29  2021  2,488,941.29  -  -  2,488,941.29   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022, the Company provided no bad debts (2021: Nil), and reversed no bad debts (2021: Nil).

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## XIII.  NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE COMPANY'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 3. Long-term equity investments

2022

| Opening  balance  Current year movements  Closing  balance  Provision for  impairment  at the end  of the year  Increase  Decrease  Associate  天津市濱海燃氣有限公司  49,135,974.84  5,925,616.57  (159,550.68)  54,902,040.73  -  Subsidiary  天津天聯節能科技有限公司  20,000,000.00  -  -  20,000,000.00  (20,000,000.00)  2021  Opening  balance  Current year movements  Closing  balance  Provision for  impairment  at the end  of the year  Increase  Decrease  Associate  天津市濱海燃氣有限公司  49,037,075.45  723,962.36  (625,062.97)  49,135,974.84  -  Subsidiary  天津天聯節能科技有限公司  20,000,000.00  -  -  20,000,000.00  (20,000,000.00)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## XIII.  NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE COMPANY'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 3. Long-term equity investments (continued)

Provision for impairment of long-term equity investments is as follows:

2022

| Opening  balance  Increase  Decrease  Closing  balance  天津天聯節能科技有限公司  20,000,000.00  -  -  20,000,000.00  20,000,000.00  -  -  20,000,000.00   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2021 年

天津天聯節能科技有限公司

Opening balance

20,000,000.00

20,000,000.00

Increase

-

-

Decrease

-

-

Closing balance

20,000,000.00

20,000,000.00

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## XIII.  NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE COMPANY'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 4. Revenue and cost of sales

| 2022  2021  Revenue  Cost of sales  Revenue  Cost of sales  Principal operations  1,780,358,629.25  1,879,473,952.58  1,579,769,604.57  1,568,338,292.05  1,780,358,629.25  1,879,473,952.58  1,579,769,604.57  1,568,338,292.05   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue is stated as follows:

| 2022  2021  Revenue from contracts with customers  1,778,523,766.87  1,574,265,017.39  Rentals  1,834,862.38  5,504,587.18  1,780,358,629.25  1,579,769,604.57   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

| 2022  Revenue recognition  Revenue recognised at a point in time  Sales of piped gas  1,727,833,561.02  Sales of gas appliances and others  3,894,037.60  Revenue recognised over time  Gas connection income  46,470,268.27  Gas transportation  325,899.98  1,778,523,766.87   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## XIII.  NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE COMPANY'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 4. Revenue and cost of sales (continued)

Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows: (continued)

| 2021  Revenue recognition  Revenue recognised at a point in time  Sales of piped gas  1,512,089,594.53  Sales of gas appliances and others  7,118,476.78  Revenue recognised over time  Gas connection income  53,015,276.65  Gas transportation  2,041,669.43  1,574,265,017.39   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the year:

| 2022  2021  Sales of piped gas  157,765,700.19  180,216,668.17  Gas connection income  48,482,262.94  31,366,747.93  Sales of gas appliances and others  5,593,397.62  4,483,494.57  211,841,360.75  216,066,910.67   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Information about the Company's performance obligations is summarised below:

## Sales of piped gas

The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the products and payment is generally due within 90 to 180 days from delivery with respect to large scale industrial and commercial customers. For other customers, payment in advance is normally required.

Year ended 31 December 2022 Renminbi Yuan

## XIII.  NOTES TO KEY ITEMS OF THE COMPANY'S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

## 4. Revenue and cost of sales (continued)

Information about the Company's performance obligations is summarised below: (continued)

## Sales of gas appliances and others

The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the products and short-term advances are normally required before delivering the products.

## Gas connection

The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and short-term advances are normally required before rendering the services.

## Gas transportation

The  performance  obligation  is  satisfied  over  time  as  services  are  rendered  and  the  payment  is generally due within 90 to 180 days from the date of rendering the services.

As at  31  December 2022, the transaction price allocated  to  the  remaining  performance  obligation was  RMB291,442,293.03  (31  December  2021:  RMB295,237,611.10)  and  the  Company  will recognise this amount as revenue in future upon delivery of the products or based on the progress of completion of gas connection.

## 5. Investment income

| 2022  2021  Income from long-term equity investments  under the equity method  5,673,148.56  723,962.36  5,673,148.56  723,962.36   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## RESULTS

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  1,780,359  1,579,770  1,344,636  1,501,277  1,519,526  Net profit/(loss) for the year and total  comprehensive income for the year  (68,432)  1,205  (13,641)  4,040  39,451  Net profit/(loss) for the year and total  comprehensive income for  the year attributable to shareholders  of the Parent  (68,345)  1,432  (13,515)  4,383  39,721   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current assets  1,478,996  1,389,247  1,500,292  1,577,139  1,563,196  Non-current assets  1,024,310  956,127  958,113  961,046  930,389  Current liabilities  825,409  590,250  609,973  673,056  646,996  Non-current liabilities  92,418  101,466  103,892  107,084  91,550  Equity attributable to shareholders  of the Parent  1,586,396  1,654,489  1,749,377  1,762,756  1,759,408   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|