## Top Standard Corporation Top Standard Corporation

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) Stock Code: 8510 (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) Stock Code: 8510

<!-- image -->

## ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE 'STOCK EXCHANGE')

GEM  has  been  positioned  as  a  market  designed  to  accommodate  small  and  mid-sized  companies  to which a higher investment risk may be attached than other companies listed on the Stock Exchange. Prospective investors should be aware of the potential risks of investing in such companies and should make the decision to invest only after due and careful consideration.

Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies, there is a risk that securities  traded  on  GEM may be more susceptible to high market volatility than securities traded on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and no assurance is given that there will be a liquid market in the securities traded on GEM.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for the contents of this report, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.

This  report,  for  which  the  directors  (the ' Directors ')  of Top  Standard  Corporation (the ' Company ',  together  with  its subsidiaries,  the  ' Group '  or  ' we ')  collectively  and  individually  accept  full  responsibility,  includes  particulars  given  in compliance with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the ' GEM Listing Rules ') for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Company. The Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that, to the best of their knowledge and belief the information contained in this report is accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement herein or this report misleading.

## CONTENTS

| Corporate Information  3  Chairman's Statement  4  Management Discussion and Analysis  5  Directors and Senior Management  10  Report of Directors  13  Corporate Governance Report  23  Independent Auditor's Report  42  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and  Other Comprehensive Income  45  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  47  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  49  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  50  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  52  Financial Summary  116   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## REGISTERED OFFICE

4th Floor, Harbour Place 103 South Church Street P .O. Box 10240 Grand Cayman KY1-1002 Cayman Islands

## HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

Unit 3C, 3/F ., Yue Xiu Industrial Building 87 Hung To Road Kwun Tong Kowloon Hong Kong

## COMPANY'S WEBSITE

topstandard.com.hk

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Chu Pui Ki, Dickson (Member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants)

## COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Mr. Chuk Stanley

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

(for the purpose of the GEM Listing Rules) Mr. Chuk Stanley Mr. Chu Pui Ki, Dickson

## AUDITOR

D &amp; PARTNERS CPA LIMITED (Certified Public Accountant) 2201, 22nd Floor, West Exchange Tower 322 Des Voeux Road Central Sheung Wan Hong Kong

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Chuk Stanley (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Mr. Ying Kan Man

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Wong Ching Wan Mr. Tang Chiu Ming, Jeremy Mr. Yip Ki Chi, Luke

## AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

Mr. Wong Ching Wan (Chairman) Mr. Tang Chiu Ming, Jeremy Mr. Yip Ki Chi, Luke

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Tang Chiu Ming, Jeremy (Chairman) Mr. Chuk Stanley Mr. Wong Ching Wan Mr. Yip Ki Chi, Luke

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Chuk Stanley (Chairman) Mr. Wong Ching Wan Mr. Tang Chiu Ming, Jeremy Mr. Yip Ki Chi, Luke

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Harneys Fiduciary (Cayman) Limited 4th Floor, Harbour Place 103 South Church Street P .O. Box 10240 Grand Cayman KY1-1002 Cayman Islands

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited 2103B, 21st Floor 148 Electric Road North Point Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited HSBC Main Building 1 Queen's Road Central Central, Hong Kong

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the board of Directors (the ' Board '),  I  am  pleased  to  announce  the  Group's  annual results for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## FINANCIAL RESULTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the total revenue of the Group was approximately HK$12.5 million. The operation of  the  Group  was  significantly  affected  by  the  continuous  impact  driven  by  the  outbreak  of  the  novel  coronavirus (' COVID-19 ')  since  throughout  the  year  2021  and  2022.  The  total  comprehensive  expenses  for  the  year  ended  31 December  2022  was  approximately  HK$8.8  million  (For  the  year  ended  31  December  2021:  Total  comprehensively expense of approximately HK$3.1 million). The change was mainly attributable to the turning from profit to loss making position from the discontinued operations.

## BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

The  catering  industry  in  Hong  Kong  is  facing  a  tough  challenge  amidst  the  continuous  weakened  market  sentiment outbreak  of  COVID-19  since  2020.  During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  has  established  a  new  two restaurants under the brand of MEW (' Sushi MEW (HK) ')  and  Xxperience  Lifestyle  (' Sushi MEW (Singapore) ').  In additional to the existing the bar and online sales platform for the sales of food and beverage products since 2021, the Group has made remarkable improvement which can be reflected from the increase in revenue and decrease in the net loss for the year by the continuing operations. The Group is in the view that its strategies to explore other new business possibilities  in  order  to  maintain  its  market  position  and  diversify  and  stabilize  its  source  of  income  is  a  successful step. Looking forward, as Hong Kong and the whole world are returning to normal life from the COVID-19 situation, the Group is optimistic to the recover in the entire food and beverage business but at the same time would continue to take cautious actions to control costs and exploring new business opportunities within Hong Kong and overseas to maintain our profitability and competitiveness in the market.

## APPRECIATION

On  behalf  of  the  Board,  I  would  like  to  express  my  sincerest  gratitude  to  our  valued  customers,  business  partners, and  shareholders  for  their  persistent  support,  while  also  expressing  my  appreciation  to  the  management  team  and employees for their valuable contribution to the development of the Group.

## Chuk Stanley

Chairman

Hong Kong, 31 March 2023

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The Group is a Hong Kong based restaurant group that offers Sichuanese and Cantonese under the 'San Xi Lou （三 希樓） '  brand (which was discontinued in the third quarter of 2021), and operates a bar under the brand name 'The Code' and online sales of wines. The Group's revenue for the year ended 31 December 2022 was primarily derived from catering income through its restaurant and bar.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recorded an increase in revenue of approximately HK$12.5 million as compared to HK$6.6 for the year ended 31 December 2021 for continuing operations. Such increase was mainly due to the bar 'The Code' was acquired in June 2021 and only six and half months' revenue was recognized during the year ended 31 December 2021. The establishment of Sushi MEW (HK) and Sushi MEW (Singapore) in 2022 also contribute to the increase in revenue.

On 13 February 2018 (the ' Listing  Date '),  the  Shares  were  successfully  listed  on  GEM  by  way  of  Share  Offer. After deducting  all  the  relevant  commissions  and  expenses  borne  by  the  Company,  there  were  approximately  HK$42.3 million of net proceeds from the Share Offer. The Group has fully utilised net proceeds in accordance with the business strategies as set out in the Company's prospectus (the ' Prospectus ') dated 31 January 2018 and our announcement regarding the change of use of proceeds dated 9 October 2018.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Revenue

The  Group's  revenue  increased  to  approximately  HK$12.5  million  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  from approximately HK$6.6 for the year ended 31 December 2021. Such increase was attributed from the full year revenue generated by the bar 'The Code' acquired in June 2021 and revenue of new restaurants Sushi MEW (HK) and Sushi MEW (Singapore) set up during 2022.

## Raw materials and consumables used

The raw materials and consumables increased to approximately HK$4.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 from  approximately  HK$1.2  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021.  Such  increase  was  mainly  due  to  the  full  year effect spent on raw materials and consumables used was recognized during the year ended 31 December 2022 from 'The Code' that acquired in June 2021. Another reason for the increase is due to the raw materials and consumables consumed in 'Sushi MEW (HK)' and 'Sushi MEW (Singapore)'.

## Staff costs

As the staff cost incurred in 'The Code' and the new staff employed by new restaurants during the year of 2022, the Group's staff costs were approximately HK$5.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. The amount for the year ended 31 December 2021 was approximately HK$3.4 million.

## Depreciation

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group incurred depreciation of approximately HK$1.8 million (year ended 31 December 2021: HK$475,000). The reason for the increase of depreciation in the continuing operations was primarily due to the acquisition of property and equipment for the new restaurants during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Impairment loss

The  Group  estimated  that  certain  restaurants  with  impairment  indicators  may  not  generate  a  net  cash  inflow  in  the future and therefore an impairment loss of approximately HK$1.4 million, HK$158,000 has been recognised against the carrying amount of property and equipment and right-of-use assets respectively during the year ended 31 December 2022 (year ended 31 December 2021: HK$141,000 and HK$6.5 million for carrying amount of property and equipment and right-of-use assets respectively for continuing operations).

## Rental and related expenses

Rental and related expenses was approximately HK$1.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 (year ended 31 December 2021: HK$1.0 million). As the rental expenses of the restaurants were recognized as the right-of-use assets, the rental and related expenses did not have significant changes.

## Utilities expenses

Utilities  expenses  increased  to  approximately  HK$176,000  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  due  to  the  new segments. The increase was mainly due to the set up of new restaurants.

## Finance costs

For continuing operations, finance costs increased from approximately HK$94,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021 to  approximately  HK$623,000  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.  Such  change  in  the  Group's  finance  costs  was mainly due to the interest expenses of lease liabilities incurred from the lease agreement entered.

## Other expenses

Other expenses was mostly representing the legal and professional fee, Entertainment, advertising, and the club security expenses.  The  increase  from  approximately  HK$4.4  million  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021  to  approximately HK$7.8 million was main due to the full-year effect of 'The Code' and 'MOW' and the contribution from new restaurants.

## Loss and total comprehensive expense

The  loss  and  total  comprehensive  expense  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  were  approximately  HK$8.8 million  and  HK$8.8  million  respectively.  (year  ended  31  December  2021:  loss  and  total  comprehensive  expenses  of approximately HK$3.1 million and HK$3.1 million respectively). The change was mainly attributable to the combination of the factors discussed above and the turning from profit to loss making status of the discontinued operations.

## Basic loss per share

In relation to continuing and discontinued operations, the Group has basic loss per share of approximately 0.54 HK cents for the year ended 31 December 2022 and basic loss per share of approximately 0.25 HK cents for the year ended 31 December 2021. Such change was in line with the change in loss and total comprehensive expenses for the year ended 31 December 2022 than that of 31 December 2021.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  total  assets  of  approximately  HK$10.1  million  (31  December  2021: approximately HK$16.7 million), which is financed by total liabilities and shareholders' deficit (comprising share capital and reserves) of approximately HK$25.9 million (31 December 2021: approximately HK$23.7 million) and approximately HK$15.8 million (31 December 2021: approximately HK$7.0 million), respectively. The current ratio of the Group as at 31 December 2022 was approximately 0.1 times (31 December 2021: approximately 0.8 times).

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had bank balances and cash of approximately HK$1.2 million (31 December 2021: approximately HK$3.0 million). The total interest-bearing loan of the Group as at 31 December 2022 was approximately HK$343,000 (31 December 2021: approximately HK$50,000). The gearing ratio (calculated based on interest bearing loan and the lease liabilities divided by total equity) of the Group as at 31 December 2022 was zero (31 December 2021: zero) due to negative owners equity.

## FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE

The Group operates in Hong Kong with majority of the transactions being settled in Hong Kong dollars. Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions, recognised assets and liabilities, which are denominated in a currency that is not the functional currency of the Group.

The transactions and monetary assets denominated in foreign currencies are minimal for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group considers there were no significant foreign exchange risks in respect of foreign currencies for both year/period.

## CAPITAL STRUCTURE

The Shares were successfully listed on GEM on the Listing Date. The share capital of the Group comprises only ordinary shares.

An aggregate of 230,400,000 subscription shares, with a total nominal value of HK$2,304,000, have been successfully subscribed on 15 October 2021 at the subscription price of HK$0.056 per subscription share pursuant to the terms and conditions of the subscription agreement dated 21 September 2021. The closing price quoted on the Stock Exchange per  ordinary  share  of  the  Company  as  at  the  date  of  the  subscription  agreement  was  HK$0.069. The  reason  for  the subscription  of  shares  was  that  it  provided  an  opportunity  to  raise  additional  funding  for  the  business  operations  of the Group and will strengthen the Group's financial position and providing working capital to the Group to improve the Group's cash flow status and relieve its liabilities burden. The gross proceeds and net proceeds from the subscription amounted to approximately HK$12.9 million and HK$12.6 million respectively and the net issue price was approximately HK$0.055 per subscription share. The net proceeds were intended as general working capital of the Group. For details of the subscription of shares, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 21 September 2021, 24 September 2021 and 15 October 2021.

As at 31 December 2022, the Company's issued share capital was HK$13,824,000 divided into 1,382,400,000 Shares of HK$0.01 each.

<!-- image -->

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## BORROWINGS

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  has  interest-bearing  borrowings  amounting  to  approximately  HK$343,000  (31 December 2021: approximately HK$50,000). Bank overdrafts carry interest at market rates at 14.13% per annum as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: 11.50%). The other bank borrowing carries interest at market rate. The effective interest  rate  on  the  Group's  other  bank  borrowing  was  14.12%  per  annum  as  at  31  December  2022.  No  financial instrument was being used for interest rate hedging purpose.

As at 31 December 2022, amounts due to related parties of the Group is Nil (31 December 2021: HK$99,000) and amount due to non-controlling interest of approximately HK$40,000 (31 December 2021: HK$40,000).

Save as disclosed in this report, the Group did not have other bank borrowings as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: nil).

## PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group did not have any pledge of assets.

## MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURE COMPANIES

Save as disclosed in this report, the Group did not have any material acquisition nor disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Group has been served a number of litigations and claims by various parties. These claims and litigations are in relation  to  arrears  rent  and  salaries  of  the  Group  and  has  been  recognised  in  the  other  payables  and  accrual  and salaries payables. Additional interest and penalty might be incurred due to the delay in settlement of such payables and the Group has several litigations related to arrears salaries and rent. The Group had obtained legal advice, and considers no additional interest and penalty is required apart from the amounts stated in the other payables and accruals, salaries payables and provisions. Details of the litigation and claims could be referred to Notes 39 and 41 to the consolidated financial statements.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group did not have any significant capital commitments.

## DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD BY THE GROUP AND PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

Save  as  disclosed  in  the  Prospectus  and  in  this  report,  the  Group  did  not  hold  any  significant  investments  as  at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 or have other plans for material investments and capital assets as at the date of this report.

## PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The  Group  would  be  affected  by  interest  rate  risk,  credit  risk,  currency  risk  and  liquidity  risk.  The  financial  risk management policies and practices of the Group are stated in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

## PROSPECT

The  catering  industry  of  the  whole  world  encountered  a  tough  challenge  amidst  the  continuous  weakened  market sentiment outbreak of COVID-19 since 2020. In view of the diminishing effect form the COVID-19, people start returning to  normal  life  and  the  dine-in  habits  is  expected  to  resume.  The  management  expects  that  the  overall  economic environment and food and beverage business would be improving and is in the hope that the Group could grab this opportunity to recover from its hard time in past years.

On  top  of  the  acquisition  of  a  bar  and  the  online  sales  platform  for  the  sales  of  food  and  beverage  products implemented in 2021, the Group set up a new Japanese restaurant 'Sushi MEW (HK)' in Hong Kong and have taken the first step to explore overseas market by setting up 'Sushi MEW (Singapore)' in Singapore. The increase in the revenue and decrease in the loss for the year from continuing operations exhibits a positive signal of its strategy to explore new business possibilities. Under the expectation of the resumption of living style and improvement in tourism, the Group would continue to maintain its market position and diversify and stabilize its source of income by seeking for potential expansion in Hong Kong and overseas.

Cost  control  was  an  essential  element  for  the  Group  to  survive  from  the  shadow  of  the  COVID-19  and  the  tight Government  measures. While  seeking  for  expansion,  the  management  would  still  continue  to  maintain  tight  control over the procurement of the raw materials and other costs incurred in our operations. As usual, the management also actively negotiates with the suppliers, landlords and other business partners to sort out mutually beneficial situations.

Being cautious optimistic, the Group will continue to explore new and stable business opportunities and believe that the Group could improve our profitability and competitiveness in foreseeable future.

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Chuk Stanley (formerly known as Mr. Chuk Stanley Cah Fai), aged 44, is the chairman of the Board, an executive Director and the chief executive officer of the Group. He was appointed as a Director on 11 February 2016. He was redesignated as the executive Director and appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company and the chairman of  the  Board  on  21  August  2017.  He  joined  the  Group  as  a  director  of  Great  Planner  Limited,  one  of  the  operating subsidiaries of the Group, on 15 February 2008. He is primarily responsible for overseeing and planning of our business strategies and responsible for the overall management of the Group. He is the chairman of nomination committee and a member of remuneration committee.

Mr. Chuk Stanley has over ten years of experience in the restaurant and catering business in Hong Kong. Prior to joining the Group, he worked as a building manager at Chuk's Development Company Limited from January 2000 to June 2004 in Canada. From June 2005 to July 2006, Mr. Chuk Stanley served as a property manager at Hing Fai Development (H.K.) Company Limited in Hong Kong.

Mr. Chuk Stanley graduated from Langara College in Vancouver, Canada with an associate of arts degree in May 2002.

Mr. Ying Kan Man , aged 48, holds a Bachelor of Business Administration Degree from The Chinese University of Hong Kong. He has more than 10 years of working experience in the green building solution industry. He served as executive director from 27 April 2004 to 1 December 2011 of RCG Holdings Limited (now known as China e-Wallet Payment Group Limited (stock code: 802)), a company listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange ').  He  was  the  chief  operating  officer  and  executive  director  of  Global  Solution  Engineering  Limited  from 30 August 2008 to 12 January 2010, (now known as Global Token Limited (stock code: 8192)), a company listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Wong Ching Wan ,  aged  55,  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director  on  24  January  2020.  He is  primarily  responsible  for  supervising  the  Group's  compliance  and  corporate  governance  matters  and  providing independent advice to the Board.

Mr. Wong has almost thirty years of experience in audit, internal control, financial control and capital markets. He has held  various  positions  in  different  companies  in  China,  U.S.  and  Hong  Kong  including  senior  position  in  multinational companies.  He  joined  China  Finance  Investment  Holdings  Limited  (stock  code:  875)  since  November  2018  as  the compliance officer.  Mr. Wong  also  holds  the  position  of  non-independent  CEO  of  One  Belt  One  Network  (HK)  Limited and  Universe Asia  Develop  Limited.  From  September  2017  to  August  2018,  Mr.  Wong  was  the  chief  financial  officer of  O  Media  Limited,  one  of  Macau's  largest  media  companies  in  gaming.  From  May  2015  to  June  2018,  he  was  an independent non-executive director, the chairman of the audit committee and remuneration committee, and a member of nomination committee of Huge China Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 428). He joined Prime Intelligence Solutions Group Limited (stock code: 8379), a company listed on the GEM of Stock Exchange, as independent non-executive director, and member of each of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee since June 2022.

## DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

<!-- image -->

Previously,  Mr.  Wong  was  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  Grand  Field  Group  Holdings  Limited,  a  company listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange  (stock  code:  115)  between  December  2008  to  January  2009;  the authorised representative and company secretary of China Oil Gangran Energy Group Holdings Limited, a company listed on the GEM of Stock Exchange (stock code: 8132) from December 2015 to November 2016 and continued acting as the authorised representative until January 2017; an independent non-executive director, chairman of audit committee, chairman of remuneration committee and a member of nomination committee of On Real International Holdings Limited (now known as Zhao Xian Business Ecology International Holdings Limited) (stock code: 8245), a company listed on the GEM of Stock Exchange between March 2016 to April 2022; and a director of Network CN, Inc. (stock code: NWCN) in U.S.A. between September 2015 and July 2017. From August 2016 to July 2017, he was the financial controller for Anucell Technology Holding Limited.

Mr. Wong obtained a Bachelor of Business and Administration from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in May 1989 and a Bachelor of Commerce from The University of Southern Queensland in April 1992. He attended the Professional Master of Business Administration course offered by the Troy University (formerly known as Troy State University), U.S. in  2000.  Mr. Wong  is  a  member  of  CPA Australia  since  October  1997,  Chartered  Professional Accountants  of  Canada since January 1999, the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since March 1999 and fellow member of The Taxation Institute of Hong Kong since October 2012.

Mr. Tang Chiu Ming, Jeremy ,  aged 49, has involved in the accounting and finance industry for more than 20 years, having started his career at an international accounting firm as an auditor. Thereafter, he shifted into the commercial sector and worked for some multi-national companies as a regional accountant. In October 1999, he joined a sizeable securities  company  as  a  research  analyst  to  develop  his  career  in  the  finance  industry.  From  September  2000  to September 2006, he focused more on the retail sales and dealing of securities and subsequently worked as a sales and marketing manager. Since September 2006 he has commenced a role as an associate director in China based securities companies, engaging in the duties of institutional sales relating to the dealing of securities for institutional clients, share placement, and underwriting of shares for new initial public offering.

Mr. Tang graduated with a bachelor of science in Economic and Accounting from Bristol University in United Kingdom in June 1995. He has been a member and a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountant since September 1999 and November 2004 respectively, and has also been a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since February 2002.

Mr. Yip Ki Chi, Luke , aged 57, is mainly responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to our Board. He was admitted as a solicitor of the High Court of Hong Kong in April 1994 and is currently a practising solicitor in Hong Kong with over 20 years of post-qualification experience in the legal profession. From May 1992 to September 1996, he worked at Messrs. P . C. Woo &amp; Co. as a trainee solicitor and subsequently a solicitor. He then joined Messrs. Siao, Wen &amp; Leung in October 1996 as a solicitor. From March 1997 to September 1999, Mr. Yip was a partner and subsequently a consultant at Messrs. Wong &amp; Yip. He has been a partner of Messrs. Cheung &amp; Yip since February 1999. Mr. Yip has been a  Notary  Public  and  Civil  Celebrant  in  Hong  Kong  since  2006.  He  has  been  a  China Appointed Attesting  Officer  since December 2015. Mr. Yip is an independent non-executive director of Indigo Star Holdings Limited listed on the GEM of Stock Exchange (stock code: 08373) since 24 October 2017.

## DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

For detailed biographies of Mr. Chuk Stanley , please see 'Executive Directors' above in this section.

Mr. Chu Pui Ki, Dickson , aged 38, was appointed as the company secretary of the Company on 22 June 2017 and the financial  controller  of  the  Group  with  effect  from  21 August  2017.  Mr.  Chu  is  primarily  responsible  for  overseeing  the company secretarial affairs and the financial matters of the Group.

Mr. Chu has over 10 years of relevant experience in accounting and auditing and has experience in tax, internal control matters  and  holding  the  positions  of  company  secretary  and  authorised  representative  in  other  companies  listed  on the Stock Exchange. He is currently serving as the company secretary and providing professional corporate services to companies listed in the main board and GEM of the Stock Exchange.

Mr.  Chu  graduated  from  the  Hong  Kong  Baptist  University  in  Hong  Kong  with  a  bachelor's  degree  of  business administration in accounting in November 2006 and he has been a member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since February 2011.

## REPORT OF DIRECTORS

<!-- image -->

The Board is pleased to present its report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company and the Group is principally engaged in the operation of full-service restaurants under our self-owned brands in Hong Kong. Analysis of the principal activities of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out in the note 38 to the consolidated financial statements.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

Details of business review are set out in the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis' on page 5 of this annual report. An analysis using financial key performance indicators can be found in the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis' on pages 5 to 9 of this annual report.

## SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Group previously has two operating and reportable segments, which includes (i) a bar restaurant 'The Code' and (ii)  online  sales  of  wines  under  the  brand  of  MOW  (' MOW ').  During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group's operating and reportable segments have the following changes to reflect the chief operating decision maker's current reviewing procedures:

- (a) The  Group  has  been  operating  new  restaurants  under  the  previous  operating  segment,  which  include  two restaurants 'Sushi MEW (HK)' and 'Sushi MEW (Singapore)'.

At the end of the reporting period, the Group has two operating and reportable segments: catering service and online sales of wines.

Details of segment information are set out in note 6 to the financial statement.

## RESULTS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 45 of this annual report.

## FINAL DIVIDENDS

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 (year ended 31 December 2021: nil).

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the Group's results, assets and liabilities for the last five financial years is set out on page 116 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.

## USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM PLACING AND SUBSCRIPTION OF SHARES

The aggregate net proceeds from the placing completed on 4 September 2020, subscription completed on 10 November 2020  and  the  subscription  completed  on  15  October  2021  were  approximately  HK$44.2  million.  Set  out  below  is  a breakdown of the planned use of the net proceeds and the unused amount thereof up to 31 December 2021:

| Intended  use of net  proceeds  Proceeds  utilized  up to year  ended  31 December  2021  Proceeds  utilized  during the  year ended  31 December  2022  Unutilized  net proceeds  as at  31 December  2022  Expected time  of full utilisation  of the remaining  balance  Repayment of bond and  finance costs payables  11,196  11,196  -  -  N/A  Repayment of bank loan and  other payables  4,278  4,278  -  -  N/A  Acquisition/setting up of  new restaurants  11,000  1,064  9,086  850  End of 2023  General working capital  17,717  13,734  3,983  -  N/A  44,191  30,272  13,069  850   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

## Major Customers

Due to the nature of our business, the majority of our customers consist of retail customers from the general public. As such, the Directors consider that it is not practicable to identify the five largest customers of the Group for year ended 31 December 2022 and we did not rely on any single customer during the year. For instance, none of our customers accounted for 5% or more of our revenue for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Major Suppliers

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group's five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 74.8% (year ended 31 December 2021: approximately 98.8%) of the Group's total purchases and our single largest supplier accounted for approximately 16.3% (year ended 31 December 2021: approximately 59.7%) of the Group's total purchases.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any shareholders of the Company (the ' Shareholders ') (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any interest in any of the Group's five largest suppliers.

## REPORT OF DIRECTORS

## PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Details  of  movements  in  the  property  and  equipment  of  the  Company  and  the  Group  during  the  year  ended 31 December 2022 are set out in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

## RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements and the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 49 of this annual report respectively.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

No distributable reserves was available for distribution as at 31 December 2021 and 2022.

## BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

Particulars  of  bank  loans  and  other  borrowings  of  the  Group  as  at  31  December  2022  are  set  out  in  note  26  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report are:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Chuk Stanley (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Mr. Ying Kan Man

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Wong Ching Wan Mr. Tang Chiu Ming, Jeremy Mr. Yip Ki Chi, Luke

<!-- image -->

## REPORT OF DIRECTORS

In  accordance  with  article  109  of  the  articles  of  association  of  the  Company  (the  ' Articles  of  Association '),  onethird of the Directors shall retire from office by rotation and be eligible for re-election at each annual general meeting provided that every Director shall retire at least once every three years.

In accordance with article 113 of the Articles of Association, any Director appointed to fill a casual vacancy by the Board shall hold office only until the first general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to re-election at  such meeting, or as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.

Accordingly, Mr. Ying Kan Man and Mr. Tang Chiu Ming, Jeremy shall retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the ' AGM '). All of the above retiring Directors, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.

## DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical  details  of  the  Directors  and  senior  management  of  the  Company  are  set  out  on  pages  10  to  12  of  this annual report.

## CHANGES TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS

Upon specific enquiry by the Company, save as disclosed in the section headed 'Directors and Senior Management' in  this  annual  report,  there  was  no  change  in  the  information  of  the  Directors  required  to  be  disclosed  pursuant  to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule 17.50(2) of the GEM Listing Rules during the year ended 31 December 2022 and remain so as at the date of this annual report.

## CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules from each of the independent non-executive Directors and the Company considers such Directors to be independent during the year ended 31 December 2022 and remain so as at the date of this annual report.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT

Each of the executive Directors has signed a service contract with the Company for a term of three years commencing from the Listing Date or the date of appointment for whom appointed subsequent to the Listing Date, and shall continue thereafter unless and until it is terminated by the Company or the Director giving to the other party not less than three months' prior notice in writing.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has signed a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three  years  commencing  from  the  Listing  Date  or  the  date  of  appointment  for  whom  appointed  subsequent  to  the Listing Date, which may be renewable subject to both parties' agreement.

None of the Directors has a service contract which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

<!-- image -->

## TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save as those interests set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements, (i) no other Director or an entity connected with a Director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party, (ii) there was no contract of significance for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by a controlling shareholder (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) or any of its subsidiaries, and (iii) there was no contract of significance between the Company or one of its subsidiaries and a controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries, during the nine months ended 31 December 2020 and up to the date of this annual report.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended and up to the date of this annual report.

## EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

A remuneration committee was set up for reviewing the Group's emolument policy and structure for all remuneration of  the  directors  and  senior  management  of  the  Group,  having  regard  to  the  Group's  operating  results,  individual performance of the directors and senior management and comparable market practices.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  total  number  of  full  time  and  casual  or  part  time  employees  of  the  Group  was  31 (31  December  2021:  20).  Total  staff  costs  (including  Directors'  emoluments)  were  approximately  HK$5.4  million  for  the year ended 31 December 2022 (year ended 31 December 2021: approximately HK$3.4 million). Details of the emoluments of the Directors, and five highest paid individuals during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.

Employees'  remuneration  is  commensurate  with  their  job  nature,  qualifications  and  experience.  Salaries  and  wages are normally reviewed annually based on performance appraisals and other relevant factors. The Group continues to offer competitive remuneration packages and bonus to eligible staff, based on the performance of the Group and the individual employee.

## RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SCHEME

The Group has also adopted other employee benefit including a provident fund scheme for its employees in Hong Kong, as required under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance.

## REPORT OF DIRECTORS

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the ' SFO ')) which have been notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules were as follows:

## (i) Interests  and  short  positions  in  the  Shares,  underlying  shares  and  debentures  of  the Company

<!-- image -->

| Name  Capacity/Nature of  Interest  Number of  Shares  Long/Short  Position  Approximate  Percentage of  Shareholding in  the Company  (%)  Mr. Chuk Stanley  ('  Mr. Stanley Chuk  ')  Interest in controlled  corporation (Note 1)  461,888,000  Short  33.41%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) 461,888,000 Shares were held by JSS Group Corporation (' JSS Group '), which is wholly owned by Mr. Stanley Chuk. As such, Mr. Stanley Chuk was deemed to be interested in all the shares held by JSS Group pursuant to Part XV of the SFO.

## (ii) Interests  and  short  positions  in  the  shares,  underlying  shares  and  debentures  of associated corporations

<!-- image -->

| Name  Name of  Associated  Corporation  Capacity/Nature  of Interest  Number of  Shares  Long/Short  Position  Approximate  Percentage of  Shareholding in  Associated  Corporation  (%)  Mr. Stanley Chuk  JSS Group  Beneficial owner  1,000  Short  100%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors or the chief executive of the Company had or was deemed to have any interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that was required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of the SFO), or required to be recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## REPORT OF DIRECTORS

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS' RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save  as  otherwise  disclosed  in  this  annual  report,  at  no  time  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  was  the Company or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  a  party  to  any  arrangement  that  would  enable  the  Directors  to  acquire  benefits by  means  of  acquisition  of  shares  in,  or  debentures  of,  the  Company  or  any  other  body  corporate,  and  none  of  the Directors or any of their spouses or children under the age of 18 were granted any right to subscribe for the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate or had exercised any such right.

## SUBSTANTIAL AND OTHER SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 31 December 2022, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons (not being a Director or chief executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

| Name  Capacity/Nature  of Interest  Number of  Shares  Long/Short  Position  Approximate  Percentage of  Shareholding in  the Company  (%)  Lazarus Securities Pty Ltd  Beneficial owner  461,888,000  Long  33.41%  JSS Group  Beneficial owner  461,888,000  Short  33.41%  Axis Motion Limited  Beneficial owner  230,400,000  Long  16.67%  Focus Dynamics Group  Berhad  Beneficial owner  192,000,000  Long  13.89%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, the Directors were not aware of any persons (who were not Directors or  chief  executive  of  the  Company)  who  had  an  interest  or  short  position  in  the  shares  or  underlying  shares  of  the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company or the Stock Exchange under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which would be required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

No equity-linked agreement that would or might result in the Company issuing shares, or that requiring the Company to enter into an agreement that would or might result in the Company issuing shares, was entered into by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022 or subsisted at the end of the year.

## REPORT OF DIRECTORS

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  neither  the  Company  nor  any  of  its  subsidiaries  had  purchased,  sold  or redeemed any of the Company's listed securities.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the relevant laws of the Cayman Islands that would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.

## TAX RELIEF

The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to Shareholders by reason of their holdings in the Shares.

## DIRECTORS' INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During the year ended 31 December 2022, none of the Directors or their respective close associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) had engaged in or had any interest in any business which competed or was likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group and any other conflicts of interest, as required to be disclosed under Rule 11.04 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## DONATIONS

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  and  the  year  ended  31  December  2021,  the  Group  did  not  make  any charitable and other donations.

## SIGNIFICANT LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Company  was  engaged  in  certain  litigation  or  arbitration  of  material importance. The details of the litigation could be referred to note 41 to the consolidated financial statements.

## COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

As far as the Directors are aware, the Group has complied in all material respects with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group. During the year, there was no material breach of or non-compliance with the applicable laws and regulations by the Group.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group is committed to providing an environmental friendly culture and atmosphere within the Group. The Group has undertaken environmental protection measures such as (i) reduction of use of papers; (ii) minimisation of electricity consumption outside business hours; and (iii) recycling of waste cooking oil. As a responsible corporation, to the best knowledge  of  the  Directors,  the  Group  has  complied  with  all  relevant  laws  and  regulations  regarding  environmental protection  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.  A  separate  environmental,  social  and  governance  report  is expected to be published on the website of the Stock Exchange and the Company no later than three months after the publication of this report.

<!-- image -->

## RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS, CUSTOMERS AND OTHER STAKEHOLDERS

The Group understands that the success of the Group's business depends on the support from its key stakeholders, including  employees,  customers,  suppliers,  banks,  regulators  and  shareholders.  The  Group  will  continue  to  ensure effective communication and maintain good relationship with each of its key stakeholders.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and has been in force throughout the year ended 31 December 2022. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential legal actions against the Directors.

## EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Directors are not aware of any significant event requiring disclosure that has taken place subsequent to 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this report.

## AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

The audit and risk management committee of the Company (the ' Audit and Risk Management Committee ') had, together with the management and external auditor of the Company (the ' Auditor '), reviewed the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group and the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The  Company  is  committed  to  maintaining  high  standards  of  corporate  governance  practices.  Information  on  the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 23 to 41 of this annual report.

The  compliance  officer  and  company  secretary  of  the  Company  are  Mr.  Chuk  Stanley  and  Mr.  Chu  Pui  Ki,  Dickson, respectively. Their biographical details are set out on pages 10 and 12 of this annual report.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on information publicly available to the Company and to the best knowledge of the Directors, at least 25% of the Company's total issued shares, the prescribed minimum percentage of public float approved by the Stock Exchange and permitted under the GEM Listing Rules, was held by the public at all times during the year ended 31 December 2022 and as at the date of this annual report.

## REPORT OF DIRECTORS

## AUDITOR

D &amp; PARTNERS CPA LIMITED has been appointed as the auditor of the Company since 26 April 2019 to fill the casual vacancy following the retirement of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the auditor of the Company on 26 April 2019. Save as disclosed above, there were no any other changes in auditor of the Company during the past three years.

The financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been audited by D &amp; PARTNERS CPA LIMITED. D &amp; PARTNERS CPA LIMITED will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution to re-appoint D &amp; PARTNERS CPA LIMITED as the auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

## PUBLICATION OF INFORMATION ON WEBSITES

This annual report is available for viewing on the website of Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk and on the website of the Company at topstandard.com.hk.

On behalf of the Board

## Chuk Stanley

Chairman and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 31 March 2023

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The  Group  is  committed  to  maintaining  high  standards  of  corporate  governance  to  safeguard  the  interests  of  the Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report (the ' CG Code ')  as  set  out  in  Appendix  15  to  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  as  its own code of corporate governance. The Company has complied with all applicable code provisions under the CG Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2022 save for code provision C.2.1. The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG Code.

## THE BOARD

## Responsibilities

The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, oversees the Group's strategic decisions and monitors business  and  performance.  The  Board  has  delegated  the  authority  and  responsibility  for  day-to-day  management and operation of the Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects of the Company's affairs,  the  Board  has  established  three  Board  committees  including  the Audit  and  Risk  Management  Committee, the remuneration  committee  (the  ' Remuneration  Committee ')  and  the  nomination  committee  (the  ' Nomination Committee ') (together, the ' Board Committees '). The Board has delegated to the Board Committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference.

All  Directors  have  carried  out  duties  in  good  faith  and  in  compliance  with  applicable  laws  and  regulations,  and  have acted in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders at all times.

The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance in respect of legal action against the Directors. The insurance coverage will be reviewed on an annual basis.

## Board Composition

As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprised two executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors:

## Executive Directors:

Mr. Chuk Stanley (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Mr. Ying Kan Man

Independent Non-executive Directors: Mr. Wong Ching Wan Mr. Tang Chiu Ming, Jeremy Mr. Yip Ki Chi, Luke

The biographies of the Directors are set out under the section headed 'Directors and Senior Management' of this annual report.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Board has met at all times the requirements under Rules 5.05(1) and 5.05(2) of the GEM Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors with at  least  one  independent  non-executive  Director  possessing  appropriate  professional  qualifications  or  accounting  or related financial management expertise.

The Company has also complied with Rule 5.05A of the GEM Listing Rules relating to the appointment of independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board.

As each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed his independence pursuant to Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules, the Company considers all of them to be independent parties.

Save as disclosed in  the  Directors'  biographies  set  out  in  the  section  headed 'Directors  and  Senior  Management'  in this  annual  report,  none  of  the  Directors  have  any  personal  relationship  (including  financial,  business,  family  or  other material or relevant relationship) with any other Director and chief executive of the Company.

All  Directors,  including  independent  non-executive  Directors,  have  brought  a  wide  spectrum  of  valuable  business experience,  knowledge  and  professionalism  to  the  Board  for  its  efficient  and  effective  functioning.  Independent non-executive  Directors  are  invited  to  serve  on  the  Audit  and  Risk  Management  Committee,  the  Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.

As  regards  the  CG  Code  provision  requiring  directors  to  disclose  the  number  and  nature  of  offices  held  in  public companies  or  organisations  and  other  significant  commitments  as  well  as  the  identity  of  the  public  companies  or organisations  and  the  time  involved  to  the  issuer,  the  Directors  have  agreed  to  disclose  their  commitments  and  any subsequent change to the Company in a timely manner.

## Induction and Continuous Professional Development

Each newly appointed Director is provided with necessary induction and information to ensure that he has a proper understanding of the Company's operations and businesses as well as his responsibilities under relevant statues, laws, rules  and  regulations.  The  Company  also  provides  regular  updates  on  latest  development  and  changes  in  the  GEM Listing  Rules  and  other  relevant  legal  and  regulatory  requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided with regular updates on the Company's performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties.

Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. The Company will continue to arrange training to the Directors in accordance with code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

<!-- image -->

According to the information provided by the Directors, a summary of training received by the Directors during the year ended 31 December 2022 is as follows:

| Name of Directors  Nature of  Continuous  Professional  Development  Programmes  (Notes)  ## Executive Directors  Mr. Chuk Stanley (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)  A and B  Mr. Ying Kan Man  A and B  ## Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. Wong Ching Wan  A and B  Mr. Tang Chiu Ming, Jeremy  A and B  Mr. Yip Ki Chi, Luke  A and B   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

A: Attending training courses and/or seminars and/or meetings and/or forums and/or briefings

B: Reading materials relevant to corporate governance, director's duties and responsibilities, listing rules and other relevant ordinances

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Under code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and performed by different individuals.

Mr. Stanley Chuk is the chairman and the chief executive officer of the Company. In view of Mr. Stanley Chuk being a founder of the Group and has been operating the main operating subsidiaries of the Company, the Board believes that it is in the best interest of the Group to have Mr. Stanley Chuk taking up both roles for effective operational management and strategic  business  development.  Further,  the  Board  believes  that  both  positions  require  in-depth  knowledge  and considerable  experience  of  the  Group's  business  and  Mr.  Stanley  Chuk  is  the  most  suitable  person  to  occupy  both positions for the Group and facilitating the implementation and execution of the Group's business strategy as disclosed in  the  Prospectus.  Therefore,  the  Directors  consider  that  the  deviation  from  code  provision  C.2.1  of  the  CG  Code  is appropriate, and Mr. Stanley Chuk being the chairman and the chief executive officer can preserve and enhance the philosophies  of  the  Group,  preserve  the  leadership  direction  of  the  Group,  and  allow  an  efficient  discharge  of  the executive functions of the chief executive as the decision maker. The Directors also believe that a balance of power and authority is adequately ensured by the operations of the Board which comprises individuals with diverse professional backgrounds and experiences including three independent non-executive Directors. The Board shall nevertheless review the structure from time to time in light of prevailing circumstances.

## Appointment and Re-election of Directors

Each of the executive Directors has signed a service contract with the Company for a term of three years commencing from the Listing Date or the date of appointment for whom appointed subsequent to the Listing Date and shall continue thereafter unless and until it is terminated by the Company or the Director giving to the other party not less than three months' prior notice in writing.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Each  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  has  signed  an  appointment  letter  with  the  Company  for  a  term  of three  years  commencing  from  the  Listing  Date  or  the  date  of  appointment  for  whom  appointed  subsequent  to  the Listing Date, which may be renewable subject to both parties' agreement.

None of the Directors has a service contract which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

The  procedures  and  process  of  appointment,  re-election  and  removal  of  Directors  are  set  out  in  the  Articles of  Association.  The  Nomination  Committee  is  responsible  for  reviewing  the  Board  composition  and  making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-election of Directors and succession planning for Directors.

## Board Meetings

The Company adopts the practice of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at approximately quarterly intervals. Notices of not less than fourteen days are given for all regular Board meetings to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a regular meeting.

For other Board and Board Committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given. The agenda and accompanying board papers are dispatched to the Directors or Board Committee members at least three days before the meetings to  ensure  that  they  have  sufficient  time  to  review  the  papers  and  are  adequately  prepared  for  the  meetings.  When Directors  or  Board  Committee  members  are  unable  to  attend  a  meeting,  they  will  be  advised  of  the  matters  to  be discussed  and  given  an  opportunity  to  make  their  views  known  to  the  chairman  of  the  Board  or  Board  Committees prior to the meeting. Minutes of meetings are kept by the company secretary with copies circulated to all Directors for information and records.

Minutes  of  the  Board  meetings  and  Board  Committee  meetings  are  recorded  in  sufficient  detail  about  the  matters considered by the Board and the Board Committees and the decisions reached, including any concerns raised by the Directors. Draft minutes of each Board meeting and Board Committee meeting are sent to the Directors for comments within  a  reasonable  time  after  the  date  on  which  the  meeting  is  held.  Minutes  of  the  Board  meetings  are  open  for inspection by Directors.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

During the year ended 31 December 2022, details of the attendance of the Board meetings, Audit and Risk Management Committee meetings, Remuneration Committee meetings, Nomination Committee meetings, and general meeting of the Company held are summarised as follows:

| Board meeting  Audit and Risk  Management  Committee  meeting  Remuneration  Committee  meeting  Nomination  Committee  meeting  General  meeting  EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS  Mr. Chuk Stanley  4/4  N/A  1/1  1/1  1/1  Mr. Ying Kan Man  4/4  N/A  N/A  N/A  1/1  INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE  DIRECTORS  Mr. Wong Ching Wan  4/4  5/5  1/1  1/1  1/1  Mr. Tang Chiu Ming, Jeremy  4/4  5/5  1/1  1/1  1/1  Mr. Yip Ki Chi, Luke  4/4  5/5  1/1  1/1  1/1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During year ended 31 December 2022, the Board also reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. Taking into account the following channels, the Board considered that the Company had in place mechanisms which remain effective to ensure a strong independent element on the Board:

- a sufficient number of three Independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board and all of them continue to devote adequate time contribution to the Company;
- the independent non-executive Directors have an equal status to other Board members;
- all independent non-executive Directors share their views and opinions through regular meetings;
- annual meeting between the Chairman and all Independent non-executive Directors without presence of other Directors providing effective platform for the Chairman to listen independent views on various issues concerning the Group;
- interaction  with  management  and  other  Board  members  including  the  Chairman  outside  the  boardroom  upon request by the Directors; and
- independent  professional  advice  would  be  provided  to  Independent  non-executive  Directors  upon  reasonable request to assist them to perform their duties to the Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Required Standard of Dealings for Securities Transactions

The Company has adopted the required standard of dealings set out in Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules as its own code of conduct regarding Directors' securities transactions. Having made specific enquiries of all the Directors, each of the Directors has confirmed that he/she has complied with the required standard of dealings during the year ended 31 December 2022.

The Company has also adopted its own code of conduct regarding employees' securities transactions with reference to the required standard of dealings for the compliance by its relevant employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company in respect of their dealings in the Company's securities.

## Delegation by the Board

The  Board  reserves  for  its  decision  on  all  major  matters  of  the  Company,  including  approval  and  monitoring  of  all policy  matters,  overall  strategies  and  budgets,  internal  control  and  risk  management  systems,  material  transactions (in  particular  those  that  may  involve  conflict  of  interests),  financial  information,  appointment  of  Directors  and  other significant financial and operational matters. Directors could have recourse to seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company's expense and are encouraged to access and to consult with the Group's senior management independently.

The  daily  management,  administration  and  operation  of  the  Group  are  delegated  to  the  senior  management.  The delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board. Approval has to be obtained from the Board prior to any significant transactions entered into by the Group.

## Corporate Governance Function

The Board recognises that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of the Directors, which includes:

- (a) to  review  and  monitor  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  compliance  with  legal  and  regulatory requirements;
- (b) to  review  and  monitor  the  training  and  continuous  professional  development  of  the  Directors  and  senior management;
- (c) to  develop,  review  and  monitor  the  code  of  conduct  and  compliance  manual  applicable  to  employees  and Directors;
- (d) to  develop  and  review  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  corporate  governance  and  make recommendations to the Board and report to the Board on such matters;
- (e) to review the Company's compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance report; and
- (f) to review and monitor the Company's compliance with the Company's whistleblowing policy.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## BOARD COMMITTEES

## Audit and Risk Management Committee

The  Audit  and  Risk  Management  Committee  comprises  three  members,  namely  Mr.  Wong  Ching  Wan  (chairman), Mr. Tang Chiu Ming, Jeremy and Mr. Yip Ki Chi, Luke, all of them are independent non-executive Directors.

The principal duties of the Audit and Risk Management Committee include the following:

1. to monitor the compliance with the laws and regulations that are applicable to the operations of the Group;
2. to review the report and findings submitted by the internal control consultant to ensure the effectiveness of our regulatory compliance procedures and system;
3. to review and monitor the financial reporting process, the risk management procedures as well as internal control system;
4. to review financial information; and
5. to consider issues relating to the external auditors and their appointment.

The written terms of reference of the Audit and Risk Management Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, there were five meetings held by the Audit and Risk Management Committee to (i)  review with external auditors the external audit findings, the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group,  and  the  Listing  Rules  and  statutory  compliance;  (ii)  discuss  auditing  and  financial  reporting  matters,  including the  review  of  the  audited  financial  statements  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021  and  the  unaudited  financial statements  for  the  three  months  ended  31  March  2022,  for  the  six  months  ended  30  June  2022  and  for  the  nine months ended 30 September 2022, with recommendations to the Board for approval; (iii) review the independence of the auditors; (iv) review and make recommendations to the Board on the auditors' re-appointment and remuneration; (v)  review  the  Group's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems;  and  (vi)  review  and  make  recommendations on  the  change  of  financial  year  end  date. All  members  of  the Audit  and  Risk  Management  Committee  attended  the said meetings. Subsequent to 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, a meeting of the Audit and Risk  Management  Committee  was  held  in  which  the  Audit  and  Risk  Management  Committee,  among  other  things, reviewed  and  considered  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022 and  recommended  the  re-appointment  of  the  auditor.  Details  of  the  attendance  of  the  Audit  and  Risk  Management Committee meetings are set out above.

The  Company  will  comply  with  the  CG  Code  to  hold  at  least  four  meetings  of  the  Audit  and  Risk  Management Committee annually for the year ending 31 December 2023 onwards.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee currently comprises four members, namely Mr. Chuk Stanley (executive Director), Mr. Wong Ching  Wan  (independent  non-executive  Director),  Mr.  Tang  Chiu  Ming,  Jeremy  (independent  non-executive  Director) and  Mr.  Yip  Ki  Chi,  Luke  (independent  non-executive  Director).  Mr.  Chuk  Stanley  is  the  chairman  of  the  Nomination Committee.

The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include the following:

1. to  review  the  structure,  size  and  composition  (including  the  skills,  knowledge  and  experience)  of  the  Board annually  and  make  recommendations  on  any  proposed  changes  to  the  Board  to  complement  the  Company's corporate strategy;
2. to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Directors and select or make recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;
3. to assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors; and
4. to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and the succession planning for Directors, in particular the chairman of the Board and the executive director.

The  Nomination  Committee  assesses  the  candidate  or  incumbent  on  criteria  such  as  integrity,  experience,  skill  and ability to commit time and effort to carry out the duties and responsibilities. The recommendations of the Nomination Committee will then be put to the Board for decision. The written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  there  was  one  meeting  held  by  the  Nomination  Committee  to  (i)  review  the structure,  size,  composition  and  diversity  of  the  Board;  (ii)  assess  the  independence  of  independent  non-executive directors  with  reference  to  the  requirements  under  the  Listing  Rules;  and  (iii)  nominate  the  retiring  directors  for re-election at the annual general meeting held on 24 June 2022. Subsequent to 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, one meeting of the Nomination Committee was held in which the Nomination Committee, among other  things,  (i)  reviewed  and  considered  that  the  structure,  size  and  composition  of  the  Board  are  appropriate,  (ii) assessed the independence of independent non-executive Directors, and (iii) recommended the re-elections of Directors at the annual general meeting to be held. Details of the attendance of the Nomination Committee meetings are set out above.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee comprises four members, namely Mr. Chuk Stanley (executive Director), Mr. Wong Ching Wan (independent non-executive Director), Mr. Tang Chiu Ming, Jeremy (independent non-executive Director) and Mr. Yip Ki  Chi,  Luke  (independent  non-executive  Director).  Mr.  Tang  Chiu  Ming,  Jeremy  is  the  chairman  of  the  Remuneration Committee.

The principal duties of the Remuneration Committee include the following:

1. to make recommendations to the Board on the Company's overall policy and structure for the remuneration of the Directors and senior management and establish a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy;
2. to  review  and  approve  the  management's  remuneration  proposals  with  reference  to  the  Board's  goals  and objectives;
3. as  the  Board  shall  direct,  to  make  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  remuneration  packages  of  individual executive  Directors  and  senior  management.  These  include  benefits  in  kind,  pension  rights  and  compensation payments, including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment;
4. to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;
5. to  consider  salaries  paid  by  comparable  companies  in  the  industry  in  which  the  Company  operates,  time commitment and responsibilities and employment conditions elsewhere in the Group;
6. to  review  and  approve  compensation  payable  to  Directors  (executive,  non-executive  or  independent non-executive), executive officers and senior management for any loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is otherwise fair and in line with market practice;
7. to  review  and  approve  compensation  arrangements  relating  to  dismissal  or  removal  of  Directors  (executive, non-executive or independent non-executive) for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and appropriate;
8. to reviewed and approved matters relating to share schemes under chapter 23 of the GEM Listing Rules; and
9. to ensure that no Director or any of his associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) is involved in deciding his own remuneration.

The written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  there  was  one  meeting  held  by  the  Remuneration  Committee  to  review  and make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration package of the directors and senior management for the year  ended  31  December  2022  and  discussed  and  reviewed  the  remuneration  packages  for  the  proposed  Directors of  the  Company.  Subsequent  to  31  December  2022  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  one  meeting  of  the Remuneration Committee was held in which the Remuneration Committee, among other things made recommendations to  the  Board  on  the  remuneration  packages  of  individual  Directors  and  senior  management  for  the  year  ending  31 December 2023. Details of the attendance of the Remuneration Committee meetings are set out above.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management

Details  of  the  remuneration  by  band  of  the  members  of  the  Board  and  senior  management  of  the  Company,  whose biographies are set out on pages 10 to 12 of this annual report, for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out below:

| Remuneration band(s)  Number of individuals   |
|-----------------------------------------------|

## Nil to HK$1,000,000

6

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING IN RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 which give a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of the Group's results and cash flows.

The management has provided to the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable the Board to carry out an informed assessment of the Company's financial statements, which are put to the Board for approval. The  Company  provides  all  members  of  the  Board  with  monthly  updates  on  Company's  performance,  positions  and prospects.

The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Group's ability to continue as a going concern.

The  statement  by  the Auditor  regarding  its  reporting  responsibilities  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the Company is set out in the Independent Auditor's Report on pages 42 to 44 of this annual report.

## DETAILS OF THE AUDIT MODIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT'S POSITION, VIEW AND ASSESSMENT ON THE AUDIT MODIFICATION

As  disclosed  in  this  annual  report,  given  the  conditions  as  detailed  in  the  basis  for  disclaimer  of  opinion  ('Audit Modification') and note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 therein, the auditor considered that material uncertainties exist that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, which is dependent on the successful and favourable outcome of certain plans and measures, that are subject to multiple uncertainties, including (a) the successful of improvement on its catering business and online sales business; (b) the ability to obtain continuous financial support; and (c) the outcomes of claims against the Group.

As at  31  December  2022,  the  Group's  current  liabilities  exceeded  its  current  assets  by  HK$18,542,000  (31  December 2021:  HK$3,396,000),  the  Group's  total  liabilities  exceeded  its  total  assets  by  HK$15,773,000  (31  December  2021: HK$6,984,000)  as  of  that  date,  and  that  the  Group  incurred  a  loss  of  HK$8,783,000  (year  ended  31  December  2021: HK$12,058,000) from continuing operations for the year ended 31 December 2022.

In view of such circumstances, the management of the Group had assessed the Group's current liquidity, performance and available sources of financing in considering the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. The management has  also  taken  and  will  continue  to  implement  plans  and  measures  to  mitigate  the  Group's  liquidity  pressure  and improve the conditions of cash flow. After taking into account the Group's cash flow projections, the management and also the Board are satisfied that it is appropriate to prepare the Group's consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

<!-- image -->

## ACTION PLAN OF THE GROUP TO ADDRESS THE AUDIT MODIFICATION AND IMPACT OF THE AUDIT MODIFICATION ON THE COMPANY'S FINANCIAL POSITION

In order to address the uncertainties which may cast doubt regarding the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, and with a view to removing the Audit Modification, the Company has taken and intends to continue to implement the measures, including but not limited to:

- (i) Management  of  the  Company  believes  the  catering  businesses  will  be  recovered  upon  the  COVID-19  is  being properly managed. The Group takes active initiative to re-organise its operations by reducing the heavy financial burden  on  unperforming  subsidiaries.  During  the  year  ended  31  December  2021  and  2022,  the  management discontinued the operations of certain subsidiaries, to reduce the Group's liabilities and cash outflows.
- (ii) During the year, the Company has started up its restaurants business thought it's subsidiary, Xxperience Lifestyle in Singapore, and has contributed of approximately of HK$1.2 million to the Group's revenue.
- (iii) Management of the Company is working closely with the Group's lawyers to settle  the  claims  for  the  benefits of  the  Group.  As  at  the  date  of  this  report,  the  progress  of  these  cases,  as  disclosed  in  notes  39  and  41,  are considered favourable to the Group.
- (iv) The Group will continue to seek for alternative financing solutions and/or group re-organisation to turnaround the difficulties encountered by the Group and the Company.

## REMOVAL OF THE AUDIT MODIFICATION

The  management  considered  that  the  proposed  actions  mentioned  above,  if  successful,  could  improve  the  Group's liquidity  and  therefore  could  help  to  address  the  Audit  Qualification.  However,  as  the  management's  assessment  of the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern  for  the  purposes  of  preparing  the  Group's  consolidated  financial statements  for  the  year  ending  31  December  2023  has  to  take  into  consideration  of  the  then  conditions  and circumstances  and  could  only  be  made  at  the  end  of  the  relevant  reporting  period,  the  management  is  unable  to ascertain at this moment whether the Audit Qualification can be removed in the next financial year purely based on the Company's action plan above.

## AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE'S VIEW ON THE AUDIT MODIFICATION

The audit and risk management committee of the Company (the 'Audit and Risk Management Committee') had critically reviewed the Audit Qualification, the Cash Flow Forecast and also the management's position and action plan of the Group to address the Audit Qualification. In light of the above, the Audit Committee concurs with the management's view  with  respect  to  the  Audit  Qualification,  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern  and  the  actions  or measures  to  be  implemented  by  the  Group.  The  Audit  Committee  is  also  of  the  view  that  the  management  should continue its efforts in implementing the actions and measures set out in the action plan with the intention of mitigating the Group's liquidity pressure and removing the Audit Qualification.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

## Responsibility

Our Board of Directors has the overall responsibility to ensure that sound and effective risk management and internal control  systems  are  maintained,  while  management  is  responsible  for  designing  and  implementing  risk  management and internal control systems to manage risks. Sound and effective systems of risk management and internal control are designed to identify and manage the risk of failure to achieve business objectives.

## Risk Management and Internal Controls Framework

The  Audit  and  Risk  Management  Committee  shall  be  responsible  for  monitoring  compliance  with  the  laws  and regulations that are applicable to the operation of the Group, as well as assessing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's regulatory compliance procedures and system. Other than reviewing and monitoring our financial reporting process and the risk management procedures, our Audit and Risk Management Committee shall, on an annual basis:

- (a) review the reports and findings submitted by the internal control consultant to ensure the effectiveness of our regulatory compliance procedures and system;
- (b) advise the Board on the adoption of the recommendation (if any) proposed by the internal control consultant;
- (c) assess and review the adequacy of resources and training provided to our management and staff in relation to our regulatory compliance functions; and
- (d) receive  the  recommendations  and  reports  of  the  Group's  internal  audit  function,  review  and  approve  the organisation, responsibilities, plans, results, budget and resources of the internal audit team to ensure the quality of the Group's internal control measures are maintained.

The Audit and Risk Management Committee shall also supervise the Group's internal audit team in handling actual or potential non-compliance matters (if any).

## Risk Management

The Group has established a risk management policy and formal risk assessment system. The Group's risk management framework comprises the following key elements:

1. Identify risks;
2. Analyse risks;
3. Evaluate risks; and
4. Treat risks.

Senior  management  identifies  the  key  risks  that  potentially  impact  the  key  business  processes  of  their  operations on  an  annual  basis. The  identified  risks  are  analysed  and  evaluated  using  established  risk  assessment  criteria  which include appropriate qualitative and quantitative techniques, these identified risks are scored based on their likelihood of occurring and the impact on business should they occur. Such risk evaluation system helps to rank the risks and to prioritise  risk  management efforts to determine the appropriate risk mitigation plans (i.e. accept, reduce, transfer and avoid). Results of the annual risk assessment are reported to the Audit and Risk Management Committee, including the significant  risks  of  the  Group  and  the  associated  control  activities  to  mitigate  or  transfer  the  identified  risks. The  risk assessment results indicated limited changes in the nature and extent of significant risks identified by the Group since the Listing Date. To provide assurance over the effectiveness of the risk mitigating controls, the Group has formulated a risk-based, 3-year internal audit plan which covers the identified risk mitigating controls and key business processes of the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Internal Controls

The  Group  has  established  policies  and  procedures  including  defined  levels  of  responsibilities  and  reporting  lines. Controls have been designed and established to ensure that assets are safeguarded against improper use or disposal, financial  and  accounting  records  are  maintained  in  accordance  with  relevant  accounting  standards  and  regulatory reporting requirements, and key risks that may impact on the Group's performance are identified and assessed.

To assist the Audit and Risk Management Committee in discharging its duties, the Company has engaged an internal control  consultant  to  conduct  an  annual  review  on  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  the  Group's  internal  control system in respect of its compliance with licensing laws and regulations in Hong Kong for each financial year and submit a report. In particular, the internal control consultant shall set out in its report regarding the Group's compliance status with the applicable laws and regulations for the Group's licensing matters and the effectiveness of the Group's internal control  system  in  ensuring  the  Group's  compliance  with  the  applicable  licensing  requirements  for  its  restaurants.  No material  deficiency  was  noted  by  the  internal  control  consultant  regarding  licensing  matters  of  the  Group  during  the year ended 31 December 2022.

The  Group  has  established  an  independent  internal  audit  function,  which  is  headed  by  the  company  secretary  and financial controller and supported by the head of the Group's accounting department. The internal audit function shall be  responsible  for  implementing  and  supervising  the  Group's  internal  control  system,  reporting  to  the  Directors  at least  annually  on  the  effectiveness  of  the  Group's  internal  control  system,  and  devising  any  improvements  needed to the Group's internal control system. In carrying out its duties, the Group's internal audit team shall receive reports from  the  Group's  management  team  and  its  employees  regarding  any  actual  or  potential  non-compliance,  report such  non-compliance  matters  to  the  Group's Audit  and  Risk  Management  Committee,  where  appropriate,  and  make recommendation to the Audit and Risk Management Committee and/or the Board for rectifying such non-compliances. The Group has also engaged an external consultant to assist in its internal audit efforts in the coming financial year.

## Review of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems

In  respect  of  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Board  conducted  a  review  of  the  effectiveness  of  the  risk management and internal control systems and considers the systems to be effective and adequate. No significant areas of concern that may affect the financial, operational, compliance controls, and risk management functions of the Group have been identified. The systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. A review on the risk management and internal control systems will be conducted on an annual basis.

During  the  review,  the  Board  also  considered  the  resources,  qualification/experience  of  staff  of  the  Group's  internal control, accounting and financial reporting function, and their training and budget to be adequate.

## Disclosure of Inside Information

The Group is aware of its obligation of handling and dissemination of inside information under the GEM Listing Rules and the SFO. The Group has established an inside information management policy for identifying, monitoring and reporting inside information to our shareholders, investors, analysts and media. The internal policy is updated whenever required and adopted accordingly to guide its stakeholder communications and the determination of inside information in order to ensure consistent and timely disclosure. The Group conducts its affairs in accordance with the disclosure requirement under the GEM Listing Rules as well as the 'Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information' published by the Securities and Futures Commission in June 2012.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## EXTERNAL AUDITOR AND AUDITOR'S REMUNERATION

The statement of the external auditor of the Company on their reporting responsibilities and opinion on the Group's consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out in the section headed 'Independent Auditor's Report' in this annual report.

The Audit and Risk Management Committee is responsible for considering the appointment of the external auditor and reviewing any non-audit functions performed by the external auditor, including whether such non-audit functions could lead to any potential material adverse effect on the Company.

There was no disagreement between the Board and the Audit and Risk Management Committee on the selection and appointment of the external auditors for the year ended 31 December 2022.

The remuneration for the audit and non-audit services provided by the Auditor to the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 was approximately as follows:

| Type of Services  Amount  (HK$'000)  Audit services  660   |
|------------------------------------------------------------|

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr.  Chu  Pui  Ki,  Dickson,  the  company  secretary  of  the  Company,  is  responsible  for  advising  the  Board  on  corporate governance  matters  and  ensuring  that  the  Board  policies  and  procedures,  as  well  as  the  applicable  laws,  rules  and regulations are followed.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  Mr.  Chu  has  undertaken  not  less  than  15  hours  of  relevant  professional training in compliance with Rule 5.15 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## BOARD DIVERSITY

The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the ' Board Diversity Policy ')  which sets out the objective and approach of which the Board could achieve and maintain a high level of diversity. The Company recognises the benefits of having a diversified Board, as such the Group will ensure that members of the Board have the appropriate balance of  skills,  experience  and  diversity  of  perspectives  that  are  required  to  support  the  Group's  business  strategies  and sustainable development. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Group seeks to achieve Board diversity by setting measurable objectives, including age, skills, know-how, regional and industry experience, background, race, gender, other qualities etc. Such objectives will be reviewed from time to time to ensure their appropriateness and the progress made towards achieving those objectives will be ascertained.

The Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of the Board Diversity Policy on an annual basis to ensure its  continued  effectiveness. The  Group  will  also  ensure  that  there  is  gender  diversity  when  recruiting  staff  at  mid  to senior level and engage more resources in career development and training female staff with the aim of promoting them to  the  senior  management  or  directorship  of  the  Company;  and  will  continue  to  apply  the  principle  of  appointments based on merits with reference to the Board Diversity Policy as a whole.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board places emphasis on diversity (including gender diversity) across all levels of the Group. The employee gender ratio of the Group as at 31 December 2022 is 1 male: 0.72 female and the Group is in the view that the existing gender ratio is satisfactory to our operations. The Group when hiring employees considers a number of factors, including but not  limited  to  gender,  age,  cultural  and  education  background,  qualification,  ethnicity,  professional  experience,  skills, knowledge and length of service, and the Group will make sure achieving gender diversity across the workforce. The gender ratio in the workforce (including senior management) demonstrating a balanced gender ratio achieved by the Group. Yet,  the  Group  will  still  (i)  periodically  review  internal  records  on  gender  diversity;  (ii)  identify  suitable  female candidates for relevant positions within the Company; and (iii) try to ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff  at  mid-senior level and engage more resources in career development and training female staff with the aim of promoting them to the senior management or directorship of the Company.

The Board currently comprised of 5 male Directors. To achieve Board diversity, the Company is contemplating to include a female director to join the Board by December 2024.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Nomination  Committee  has  reviewed  the  independence  of  the independent  non-executive  Directors,  to  consider  the  qualifications  of  the  retiring  directors  standing  for  election  at the 2022 annual general meeting, to review the structure, size and composition of the Board and to review the Policy. In  identifying  and  selecting  suitable  candidates  for  directorships,  the  Nomination  Committee  would  consider  the candidate's character, qualifications, experience, independence and other relevant criteria necessary to complement the corporate strategy and achieve Board diversity, where appropriate, before making recommendation to the Board.

## WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY

The whistleblowing policy has been put in place for all employees and those who have business dealings with the Group (including customers and suppliers) to deal with concerns related to fraudulent or unethical acts or non-compliances with laws and the Group's policies that have or could have significant adverse financial, legal or reputational impacts on the Group. They may raise concerns about the possible improprieties in any matters related to the Group, in person or in writing to the company secretary who shall report to the chairman of the Audit Committee in confidence and anonymity. The Chairman of the Audit Committee shall then determine the course of action to pursue, with power to delegate, with respect to the report.

## ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY

The  Group  has  formulated  its  own  anti-corruption  policy  to  ensure  the  Directors  and  employees  within  the  Group comply with the Hong Kong Prevention of Bribery Ordinance, the Criminal Law of the PRC, the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the PRC and the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the PRC, where applicable. The policy sets out the integrity and conduct requirements and policies or controls in place which applies to all Directors and employees of the Group at all  levels,  and  external  parties  doing  business  with  the  Group  and  those  acting  in  an  agency  or  fiduciary  capacity  on behalf of the Group (e.g., agents, consultants and contractors). The policy is reviewed from time to time to ensure that it remains appropriate.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## NOMINATION POLICY

The  Board  adopted  a  nomination  policy  (the  ' Nomination  Policy ')  on  27  December  2018.  A  summary  of  the Nomination Policy, together with the selection criteria and the nomination procedures made towards achieving those objectives are disclosed below:

## Summary of the Nomination Policy

The Nomination Policy provides the key selection criteria and general principles of the Nomination Committee in making any recommendation on the appointment and re-appointment of the Directors. It aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience, knowledge and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Group's business.

## Selection criteria

When  making  recommendation(s)  regarding  the  appointment  of  any  proposed  candidate(s)  for  directorships  to  the Board or re-appointment of any existing member(s) of the Board, the Nomination Committee shall consider a number of criteria including but not limited to the followings:

- (a) Character and integrity;
- (b) Qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and diversity aspects under the Board Diversity Policy that are relevant to the Company's business and corporate strategy;
- (c) Measurable objectives adopted for achieving diversity on the Board;
- (d) Requirements of the Board to have independent directors in accordance with the Rules (' GEM Listing Rules ') Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  the  GEM  of The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  and  whether  the candidate would be considered independent with reference to the independence guidelines set out in the GEM Listing Rules.
- (e) Potential contributions he/she will bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills, experience, independence and gender diversity;
- (f) Willingness  and  ability  to  devote  adequate  time  to  discharge  duties  as  a  member  of  the  Board  and/or  Board committee(s) of the Company; and
- (g) Other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company's business and succession plan and where applicable, may  be  adopted  and/or  amended  by  the  Board  and/or  the  Nomination  Committee  from  time  to  time  for nomination of directors and succession planning.

The appointment of any proposed candidate to the Board or re-appointment of any existing member(s) of the Board shall be made in accordance with the Articles and other applicable rules and regulations. The progress made towards achieving  the  objectives  set  out  in  the  Nomination  Policy  will  be  disclosed  periodically  in  the  corporate  governance report of the Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Nomination procedures

The  Nomination  Committee  will  recommend  to  the  Board  for  the  appointment  of  a  Director  in  accordance  with  the following procedures and process:

## (a) Appointment of new director

- (i) The Nomination Committee and/or the Board may select candidates for directorship from various channels, including but not limited to internal promotion, re-designation, referral by other member of the management and external recruitment agents;
- (ii) The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new director  and  the  biographical  information  (or  relevant  details)  of  the  candidate,  evaluate  such  candidate based on the criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship;
- (iii) The Nomination Committee should then recommend to the Board to appoint the appropriate candidate for directorship, as applicable;
- (iv) For  any  person  that  is  nominated  by  a  shareholder  for  election  as  a  director  at  the  general  meeting  of the Company, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship;

Where  appropriate,  the  Nomination  Committee  and/or  the  Board  should  make  recommendation  to  shareholders  in respect of the proposed election of director at the general meeting.

## (b) Re-election of Director at General Meeting

- (i) The  Nomination  Committee  and/or  the  Board  should  review  the  overall  contribution  and  service  to  the Company of the retiring director and the level of participation and performance on the Board;
- (ii) The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should also review and determine whether the retiring director continues to meet the criteria as set out above;
- (iii) The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to shareholders in respect of the proposed re-election of director at the general meeting.

Where  the  Board  proposes  a  resolution  to  elect  or  re-elect  a  candidate  as  director  at  the  general  meeting,  the relevant  information  of  the  candidate  will  be  disclosed  in  the  circular  to  shareholders  and/or  explanatory  statement accompanying the notice of the relevant general meeting in accordance with the GEM Listing Rules and/or applicable laws and regulations.

## Review of Nomination Policy

The  Nomination  Committee  will  conduct  regular  reviews  on  the  structure,  size  and  composition  of  the  Board  and this  Policy  and  where  appropriate,  make  recommendations  on  changes  to  the  Board  to  complement  the  Company's corporate strategy and business needs.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DIVIDEND POLICY

Under the Dividend Policy, the declaration and payment of dividends shall be determined by the Board and subject to all  the applicable requirements under, including but not limited to, the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and the articles of association of the Company.

The Company do not have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. In deciding whether to propose a dividend and in  determining  an  appropriate  basis  for  dividend  distribution,  the  Board  will  take  into  account,  inter  alia,  the  Group's results  of  operations,  cashflows  and  financial  condition,  general  business  conditions  and  strategies,  operating  and capital  requirements,  future  prospects,  legal  and  tax  considerations  and  other  factors  the  Board  deems  appropriate. Our Directors will consider as to whether if there is any material adverse impact on our Group's financial and liquidity position arising out of the dividend payments. Dividends may be paid out by way of cash or by other means that our Group considers appropriate.

The Company will continually review the Dividend Policy from time to time. There is no guarantee that any particular amount of dividends will be distributed for any specific periods.

## COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

The  Company  considers  that  effective  communication  with  the  Shareholders  is  essential  for  enhancing  investor relations  and  understanding  of  the  Group's  business,  performance  and  strategies. The  Company  also  recognises  the importance of timely and non-selective disclosure of information, which will enable Shareholders and investors to make the informed investment decisions.

The AGM of the Company provides opportunity for the Shareholders to communicate directly with the Directors. The chairman  of  the  Board  and  the  chairmen  of  the  Board  Committees  will  attend  the  AGMs  to  answer  Shareholders' questions. The Auditor will also attend the AGMs to answer questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the Auditor's report, the accounting policies and auditor independence.

To  promote  effective  communication,  the  Company  adopts  a  shareholders'  communication  policy  which  aims  at establishing a two-way relationship and communication between the Company and the Shareholders and maintains a website of the Company at topstandard.com.hk, where up-to-date information on the Company's business operations and developments, financial information, corporate governance practices and other information are available for public access.

The Company has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholder communication policy during the year ended 31 December 2022 and conclude that it is effective because some minority shareholders have personally approached the company and for relevant news.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

To  safeguard  Shareholders'  interests  and  rights,  a  separate  resolution  will  be  proposed  for  each  issue  at  general meetings, including the election of individual Directors.

All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted by poll pursuant to the GEM Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange in a timely manner after each general meeting.

## Convening of extraordinary general meeting and putting forward proposals

Shareholders  may  put  forward  proposals  for  consideration  at  a  general  meeting  of  the  Company  according  to  the Articles  of  Association.  Any  one  or  more  members  holding  as  at  date  of  deposit  of  the  requisition  not  less  than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the secretary of the Company, to require an extraordinary general  meeting  of  the  Company  to  be  called  by  the  Board  for  the  transaction  of  any  business  specified  in  such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

As regards proposing a person for election as a Director, the procedures are available on the website of the Company.

## Enquiries to the Board

Shareholders  who  intend  to  put  forward  their  enquiries  about  the  Company  to  the  Board  could  send  their  enquiries to the headquarters of the Company by mail to Unit 3C, 3/F ., Yue Xiu Industrial Building, 87 Hung To Road Kwun Tong, Kowloon,  Hong  Kong  or  by  email  via  ir@topstandard.com.hk.  Share  registration  matters  shall  be  handled  for  the Shareholders by the Company's branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited at 2103B, 21st Floor, 148 Electric Road, North Point, Hong Kong.

## CHANGE IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

The memorandum and articles of association of the Company have been amended and restated with effect from the Listing  Date. There  was  no  change  on  the  memorandum  and  articles  of  association  of  the  Company  during  the  year ended 31 December 2022.

In order (i) conform to the Core Standards set out in Appendix 3 of the GEM Listing Rules; (ii) allowing the Company to hold hybrid and electronic meetings; and (iii) reflecting certain updates in relation to the applicable laws of the Cayman Islands and the GEM Listing Rules and make other housekeeping amendments, the Company would amend the Articles and adopt the new Articles incorporating the said proposed amendments in substitution for, and to the exclusion of, the existing Articles  (the ' Proposed Amendments ').  The  Company  would  publish  an  announcement  and AGM  Circular to disclose the details of the Proposed Amendments in due course and the Proposed Amendments are subject to the approval of the Shareholders by way of a special resolution at the Company's forthcoming annual general meeting.

## CONCLUSION

The  Company  believes  that  good  corporate  governance  could  ensure  an  effective  distribution  of  the  resources  and shareholders' interests. The senior management will continue endeavors in maintaining, enhancing and increasing the Group's corporate governance level and quality.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

## TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF TOP STANDARD CORPORATION

(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## DISCLAIMER OF OPINION

We were engaged to audit the consolidated financial statements of Top Standard Corporation (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (together the 'Group') set out on pages 45 to 115, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

We do not express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements of the Group. Because of the significance of the matters described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion section of our report, we have not been able to obtain sufficient appropriate  audit  evidence  to  provide  a  basis  for  an  audit  opinion  on  these  consolidated  financial  statements.  In  all other respects, in our opinion the consolidated financial statements have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR DISCLAIMER OF OPINION

## Multiple Uncertainties Relating to Going Concern

As described in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group has encountered a number of circumstances giving use to material fundamental uncertainties. The Group is principally sustained in its daily operations by the financial support  from  shareholders.  The  Group  is  pursuing  certain  finance  measures  set  out  in  note  2  to  the  consolidated financial statements.

The  directors  of  the  Company  have  been  undertaking  a  number  of  measures  to  improve  the  Group's  liquidity  and financial position, to enable the Group to meet its financial obligations as and when they fall due for the foreseeable future.  The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  a  going  concern  basis,  the  validity  of  which depends, among others, on the successful and favourable outcome of these measures, which are subject to multiple uncertainties,  including  (a)  the  successful  of  improvement  on  its  catering  business  and  online  sales  business;  (b)  the ability to obtain continuous financial support; and (c) the outcomes of claims against the Group.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## BASIS FOR DISCLAIMER OF OPINION (Continued)

## Multiple Uncertainties Relating to Going Concern (Continued)

We were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the use of going concern assumption in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. In particular, we have not been provided with sufficient appropriate documentary  evidence  to  enable  us  to  assess  successfulness  of  the  measures  undertaking  by  the  Group.  If  one  or more of the measures undertaken by the Group fails, the Group would be unable to meet its financial obligations as and when they fall due and it might not be able to continue as a going concern. Should the going concern assumption be inappropriate, adjustments may have to be made to reflect the situation that assets and liabilities may need to be realised at the amounts other than which they are currently recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position at 31 December 2022. In addition, the Group may have to recognise further liabilities which might arise, and to reclassify non-current assets and non-current liabilities as current assets and current liabilities  respectively. The  effect  of  these adjustments has not been reflected in the consolidated financial statements.

Any adjustments that would be required may have a consequential significant effect on the financial performance and the elements making up the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and the related disclosures thereof in the consolidated financial statements.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  are  responsible  for  assessing  the  Group's  ability  to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our  responsibility  is  to  conduct  an  audit  of  the  Group's  consolidated  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  Hong Kong Standards on Auditing issued by the HKICPA and to issue an auditor's report. However, because of the matters described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion section of our report, we were not able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on these consolidated financial statements.

This  report  is  made  solely  to  you,  as  a  body,  and  for  no  other  purpose. We  do  not  assume  responsibility  towards  or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor's report is Wong Ho Fung.

## D &amp; PARTNERS CPA LIMITED

Certified Public Accountants

Wong Ho Fung Practising Certificate Number: P07542 Hong Kong 31 March 2023

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Continuing operations  Revenue  6  12,480  6,647  Other incomes  7  1,147  217  Other gain/(loss)  8  31  (1,715)  Raw materials and consumables used  (4,171)  (1,248)  Staff costs  (5,372)  (3,355)  Depreciation of property and equipment  (972)  (29)  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  (822)  (446)  Impairment loss on:  - property and equipment  (1,388)  (141)  - right-of-use assets  (158)  (6,472)  Rental and related expenses  (989)  (977)  Utilities expenses  (176)  (87)  Other expenses  (7,770)  (4,358)  Finance costs  10  (623)  (94)  Loss before taxation  (8,783)  (12,058)  Income tax expense  11  -  -  Loss for the year from continuing operations  13  (8,783)  (12,058)  Discontinued operations  (Loss)/profit for the year from discontinued operations  12  (36)  8,936  Loss for the year  (8,819)  (3,122)  Other comprehensive income for the year  Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss  Exchange differences arising on translation of a foreign operation  30  2  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  30  2  Total comprehensive expense for the year  (8,789)  (3,120)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss)/profit for the year attributable to  the owners of the Company  - from continuing operations  (7,469)  (11,965)  - from discontinued operations  (36)  8,936  (7,505)  (3,029)  Loss attributable to non-controlling interests  - from continuing operations  (1,314)  (93)  - from discontinued operations  -  -  (1,314)  (93)  Total comprehensive (expense)/income for the year  attributable to the owners of the Company  - from continuing operations  (7,439)  (11,963)  - from discontinued operations  (36)  8,936  (7,475)  (3,027)  Total comprehensive expense for the year attributable to:  - owners of the Company  (7,475)  (3,027)  - non-controlling interests  (1,314)  (93)  (8,789)  (3,120)  Basic and diluted loss per share (Hong Kong cents)  15  - from continuing and discontinued operations  (0.54)  (0.25)  - from continuing operations  (0.54)  (1.00)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

At 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Property and equipment  16  3,480  -  Right-of-use assets  17  2,237  -  Goodwill  18  109  109  Deposits  21  1,275  1,041  7,101  1,150  Current assets  Inventories  20  582  246  Trade receivables, deposits and prepayments  21  1,161  516  Amounts due from related parties  24  89  -  Restricted bank balances  22  -  11,812  Cash and cash equivalents  22  1,179  2,983  3,011  15,557  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables and accruals  23  14,682  11,945  Bank borrowings  26  343  50  Lease liabilities  27  3,001  1,907  Provisions  28  3,487  4,912  Amounts due to related parties  24  -  99  Amount due to non-controlling interest  25  40  40  21,553  18,953  Net current liabilities  (18,542)  (3,396)  Total assets less current liabilities  (11,441)  (2,246)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

At 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current liabilities  Lease liabilities  27  4,111  4,588  Provisions  28  221  150  4,332  4,738  Net liabilities  (15,773)  (6,984)  Capital and reserves  Share capital  29  13,824  13,824  Reserves  (28,187)  (20,712)  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  (14,363)  (6,888)  Non-controlling interests  (1,410)  (96)  Total deficit  (15,773)  (6,984)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  consolidated  financial  statements  on  pages  45  to  115  were  approved  and  authorised  for  issue  by  the  Board  of Directors on 31 March 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:

| YING Kan Man DIRECTOR  CHUK Stanley DIRECTOR   |
|------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Attributable to owners of the Company  Reserves  Share  capital  Share  premium  Capital  reserves  Other  reserve  Translation  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Subtotal  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (note)  At 1 January 2021  11,520  88,377  566  3,686  -  (120,602)  (16,453)  -  (16,453)  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  (3,029)  (3,029)  (93)  (3,122)  Exchange differences arising on translation  of a foreign operation  -  -  -  -  2  -  2  -  2  Other comprehensive income for the year  -  -  -  -  2  -  2  -  2  Total comprehensive income/(expense)  for the year  -  -  -  -  2  (3,029)  (3,027)  (93)  (3,120)  Release upon de-consolidation of a subsidiary  -  -  -  (3,686)  -  3,686  -  -  -  Acquisition of subsidiaries  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (15)  (15)  Acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary  -  -  -  -  -  (26)  (26)  12  (14)  Issue of shares, net of transaction costs  2,304  10,314  -  -  -  -  12,618  -  12,618  At 31 December 2021  13,824  98,691  566  -  2  (119,971)  (6,888)  (96)  (6,984)  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  (7,505)  (7,505)  (1,314)  (8,819)  Exchange differences arising on translation  of a foreign operation  -  -  -  -  30  -  30  -  30  Other comprehensive income for the year  -  -  -  -  30  -  30  -  30  Total comprehensive income/expense for the year  -  -  -  -  30  (7,505)  (7,475)  (1,314)  (8,789)  At 31 December 2022  13,824  98,691  566  -  32  (127,476)  (14,363)  (1,410)  (15,773)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Other  reserve  represents  the  difference  between  the  share  capital  of  group  entities  and  that  of  the  Company  issued  pursuant  to  the  group reorganisation and shareholder's contribution upon the group reorganisation.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Loss before taxation  (8,819)  (3,122)  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of property and equipment  972  29  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  822  446  Finance costs  623  556  Gain on de-consolidation/disposal of subsidiaries  of part of the discontinued operations  -  (3,461)  Gain on lease modification  -  (8,231)  Gain on termination of lease  (23)  -  Interest income  (90)  (71)  Impairment loss on property and equipment  1,388  141  Impairment loss on right-of-use assets  158  6,472  Exchange differences  (38)  3  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital  (5,007)  (7,238)  Increase in inventories  (336)  (69)  (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables, deposits and prepayments  (976)  431  Increase in trade and other payables and accruals and provisions  1,378  3,936  Decrease/(increase) in restricted bank balances  11,812  (11,812)  NET CASH FROM/(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES  6,871  (14,752)  INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Interest received  1  -  Advance to related parties  (89)  -  Net cash outflow on de-consolidation/disposal of subsidiaries  -  (15)  Net cash outflow on acquisition of a subsidiary  -  (42)  Purchases of property and equipment  (5,766)  (116)  NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES  (5,854)  (173)  FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Proceed from issuance of shares  -  12,618  Acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary  -  (15)  Repayment to related parties  (99)  (25)  Repayment of lease liabilities  (2,386)  (3,176)  New borrowings raised  88  348  Repayment of bank borrowings  (38)  (310)  Interest paid  (623)  (556)  NET CASH (USED IN)/FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  (3,058)  8,884   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (2,041)  (6,041)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  2,971  9,012  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes  (6)  -*  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS END OF THE YEAR  represented by bank balances and cash  924  2,971  Analysis of cash and cash equivalents  Bank balances and cash  1,179  2,983  Bank overdrafts  (255)  (12)  924  2,971  Analysis of (loss)/profit before taxation  Loss before taxation from continuing operations  (8,783)  (12,058)  (Loss)/profit before taxation from discontinued operations  (36)  5,475  Gain on de-consolidation/disposal of part of the discontinued operations  -  3,461  (8,819)  (3,122)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* less than HK$1,000

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 1. GENERAL

Top  Standard  Corporation  (the  'Company')  was  incorporated  and  registered  as  an  exempted  company  with limited liability in the Cayman Islands under the Companies Law, Chapter 22 of the laws of the Cayman Islands on 11 February 2016. The Company's shares have been listed on GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange') on 13 February 2018.

The  addresses  of  the  registered  office  and  principal  place  of  business  of  the  Company  are  disclosed  in  the corporate information to the annual report.

The immediate and ultimate holding company is JSS Group Corporation ('JSS Group'). JSS Group is a limited liability company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the 'BVI') and wholly-owned by Mr. Chuk Stanley ('Mr. Stanley Chuk'), who is an executive director of the Company.

The Company is an investment holding company. The activities of its subsidiaries are set out in note 38.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  are  presented  in  Hong  Kong  dollars  ('HK$'),  which  is  also  the  functional currency of the Company.

## 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Basis of Preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include the applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Listing Rules') and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes  in  these  consolidated  financial  statements  is  determined  on  such  a  basis,  except  for  share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 2 Share-based payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 Inventories or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of assets.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

## Basis of Preparation (Continued)

In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

- Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;
- Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly; and
- Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the assets or liabilities.

## Going Concern assumption

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company have given careful consideration to the future liquidity and performance of the Group and the Company in light of the fact that:

- (i) The Group's current liabilities exceeded its current assets by HK$18,542,000 (2021: HK$3,396,000) as at 31 December 2022, the Group's total liabilities exceeded its total assets by HK$15,773,000 (2021: HK$6,984,000) as of that date, and that the Group incurred a loss of HK$8,783,000 (2021: HK$12,058,000) from continuing operations for the year ended 31 December 2022.
- (ii) Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 in January 2020, the Group's operations are significantly affected by the prevention and control policies imposed by the local government. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the  Group's  restaurants  were  recorded  continued  operating  losses  and  negative  cash  flows. As  such,  the Group is unable to settle its staff salaries, rental expenses and other accruals incurred in the course of its daily operations.

Since the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group had discontinued the operation of the restaurant under the brand of San Xi Lou CWB as it had ceased to operate at the leased premise in Causeway Bay.

- (iii) As at 31 December 2022, the Group has cash and cash equivalents of HK$1,179,000 (2021: HK$2,983,000) which is insufficient to settle all the current liabilities, which includes lease liabilities of HK$3,001,000 (2021: HK$1,907,000),  salary  payables  of  HK$3,320,000  (2021:  HK$3,595,000),  accruals  and  other  payables  of HK$9,212,000 (2021: HK$6,806,000) and provisions of HK$3,487,000 (2021: HK$4,912,000).
- (iv) As disclosed in note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, as at 31 December 2022, restricted bank balances of HK$ Nil (2021: HK$11,812,000) of the Company represented bank balances that are frozen due to the court case HCCW417/2021 and the case has been settled as at 31 December 2022).
- (v) As disclosed in notes 39, 40 &amp; 41 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group served a number of claims by various parties as a result of arrears rent and salaries. These claims are legal proceedings and the outcomes might have a significant impact on the continuity of the Group and the Company.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

## Going Concern assumption (Continued)

In  view  of  such  circumstances,  which  indicate  the  existence  of  uncertainties  that  may  cast  doubt  about  the Group's and the Company's ability to continue as a going concern and therefore, the Group and the Company may be unable to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business, the directors of the Company have given careful consideration to the future liquidity and performance of the Group and the Company, and  the  available  sources  of  financing  in  assessing  whether  the  Group  and  the  Company  will  have  sufficient financial  resources  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  Certain  measures  have  been  taken  to  mitigate  the  liquidity pressure and to improve the Group's and the Company's financial position which include, but are not limited to, the followings:

- (a) Management  of  the  Company  believes  the  catering  businesses  will  be  recovered  upon  the  COVID-19  is being  properly  managed.  The  Group  takes  active  initiative  to  re-organise  its  operations  by  reducing  the heavy financial burden on unperforming subsidiaries. During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the management discontinued the operations of certain subsidiaries, as disclosed in Note 32, to reduce the Group's liabilities and cash outflows.
- (b) During  the  year,  the  Company  has  started  up  its  restaurants  business  thought  it's  subsidiary,  Xxperience Lifestyle in Singapore, and has contributed of approximately of HK$1.2million to the Group's revenue.
- (c) Management  of  the  Company  is  working  closely  with  the  Group's  lawyers  to  settle  the  claims  for  the benefits of the Group. As at the date of this report, provision has been recorded in relation to the claims, and details of the claims are disclosed in notes 39 &amp; 41.
- (d) The Group will continue to seek for alternative financing solutions and/or group re-organisation to turnround the difficulties encountered by the Group and the Company.

The directors of the Company, based on a cash flow forecast of the Group covering a period up to 31 December 2022 which has taken into account the abovementioned plans and measures, consider that the Group would have sufficient working capital to finance its operations and to meet its financial obligations as and when they fall due within the next twelve months from the date of the consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, the directors of the Company are of the opinion that it is appropriate to prepare the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 on a going concern basis of accounting.

However, the appropriateness of the going concern basis of accounting is dependent on the assumption that (i) the management of the Group will be able to achieve its plans and measures as described above; (ii) the Group is able to obtain continuous external financial support; (iii) the Group will be able to improve its business operations; and (iv) the Group is able to generate sufficient cash flow and implement exercises to control costs. Should the going  concern  basis  of  accounting  become  inappropriate,  adjustments  might  have  to  be  made  to  reflect  the situation  that  assets  may  need  to  be  realised  at  the  amounts  other  than  which  they  are  currently  recorded  in the consolidated statement of financial position at 31 December 2022, to provide for any further liabilities which might arise, and to reclassify non-current assets and non-current liabilities as current assets and current liabilities, respectively. The effects of these adjustments have not been reflected in these consolidated financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs')

## Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA') for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group's annual period beginning on 1 January 2022 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

Amendments to HKFRS 3

Amendment to HKFRS 16

Amendments to HKAS 16

Amendments to HKAS 37

Amendments to HKFRSs

Reference to the Conceptual Framework Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020

The  application  of  the  amendments  to  HKFRSs  in  the  current  year  has  had  no  material  impact  on  the  Group's financial  positions  and  performance  for  the  current  and  prior  years  and/or  on  the  disclosures  set  out  in  these consolidated financial statements.

## New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective:

HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020 and February 2022 Amendments to HKFRS 17) Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28

Amendments to HKFRS 16 Amendments to HKAS 1

Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Amendments to HKAS 8 Amendments to HKAS 12

Insurance Contracts 1

Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 2 Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 3 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) 1 Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1

Definition of Accounting Estimates 1 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 1

1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or 1 January 2024.

The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The significant accounting policies adopted are set out below:

## Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

- has power over the investee;
- is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
- has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and  to  the  non-controlling  interests. Total  comprehensive  income  of  subsidiaries  is  attributed  to  owners  of  the Company  and  to  the  non-controlling  interest  even  if  this  results  in  non-controlling  interests  having  a  deficit balance.

Where  necessary,  adjustments  are  made  to  the  financial  statements  of  subsidiaries  to  bring  their  accounting policies in line with the Group's accounting policies.

All  intra-group  assets,  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash  flows  relating  to  transactions  between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

Non-controlling  interests  in  subsidiaries  are  presented  separately  from  the  Group's  equity  therein,  which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

## Changes in the Group's interests in existing subsidiaries

Changes in the Group's interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiaries are  accounted  for  as  equity  transactions.  The  carrying  amounts  of  the  Group's  relevant  components  of  equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-controlling interests according to the Group's and the non-controlling interests' proportionate interests.

Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Changes in the Group's interests in existing subsidiaries (Continued)

When  the  Group  loses  control  of  a  subsidiary,  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  that  subsidiary  and  non-controlling interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the difference between  (i)  the  aggregate  of  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  received  and  the  fair  value  of  any  retained interest  and  (ii)  the  carrying  amount  of  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  subsidiary  attributable  to  the  owners  of the  Company. All  amounts  previously  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  in  relation  to  that  subsidiary are  accounted for as if  the  Group  had  directly  disposed  of  the  related  assets  or  liabilities  of  the  subsidiary  (i.e. reclassified  to  profit  or  loss  or  transferred  to  another  category  of  equity  as  specified/permitted  by  applicable HKFRSs). The  fair  value  of  any  investment  retained  in  the  former  subsidiary  at  the  date  when  control  is  lost  is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments  or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.

## Business combinations

Acquisitions  of  businesses  are  accounted  for  using  the  acquisition  method.  The  consideration  transferred  in  a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the  equity  interests  issued  by  the  Group  in  exchange  for  control  of  the  acquiree.  Acquisition-related  costs  are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

Except  for  certain  recognition  exemptions,  the  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  must  meet the  definitions  of  an  asset  and  a  liability  in  the  Framework  for  the  Preparation  and  Presentation  of  Financial Statements (replaced by the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued in October 2010).

At  the  acquisition  date,  the  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  the  liabilities  assumed  are  recognised  at  their  fair value, except that:

- deferred  tax  assets  or  liabilities,  and  assets  or  liabilities  related  to  employee  benefit  arrangements  are recognised  and  measured  in  accordance  with  HKAS  12  Income  Taxes  and  HKAS  19  Employee  Benefits respectively;
- liabilities  or  equity  instruments  related  to  share-based  payment  arrangements  of  the  acquiree  or  sharebased payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment at the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);
- assets  (or  disposal  groups)  that  are  classified  as  held  for  sale  in  accordance  with  HKFRS  5  Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and
- lease  liabilities  are  recognised  and  measured  at  the  present  value  of  the  remaining  lease  payments  (as defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low value. Right-of use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Business combinations (Continued)

Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration  transferred,  the  amount  of  any  non-controlling  interests  in  the  acquiree  and  the  fair  value  of  the acquirer's previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of  the  relevant  subsidiary's  net  assets  in  the  event  of  liquidation  are  initially  measured  at  the  non-controlling interests' proportionate share of the recognized amounts of the acquiree's identifiable net assets or at fair value.

When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that  qualify  as  measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during the 'measurement period' (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

The  subsequent  accounting  for  the  contingent  consideration  that  do  not  qualify  as  measurement  period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that is classified as  equity  is  not  remeasured  at  subsequent  reporting  dates  and  its  subsequent  settlement  is  accounted  for within  equity.  Contingent  consideration  that  is  classified  as  an  asset  or  a  liability  is  remeasured  to  fair  value  at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.

## Goodwill

Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units ('CGUs') (or group of CGUs) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level  at  which  the  goodwill  is  monitored  for  internal  management  purposes  and  not  larger  than  an  operating segment.

A cash-generating unit ('CGU') (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of CGUs).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Goodwill (Continued)

On disposal  of  the  relevant  CGU  or  any  of  the  CGU  within  the  group  of  cash-generating  units,  the  attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the CGU (or a CGU within a group of CGUs), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the CGU) disposed of and the portion of the CGU (or the group of CGUs) retained.

## Revenue from contracts with customers

The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when 'control' of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

Control  is  transferred  over  time  and  revenue  is  recognised  over  time  by  reference  to  the  progress  towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

- the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group's performance as the Group performs;
- the Group's performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or
- the Group's performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

## Revenue from catering service

Revenue from restaurant operation is recognised at the point in time when the catering services to the customers are completed.

## Revenue from online sales of wines

Revenue from online sales of wines is recognised at the point in time when the goods have been shipped to the customer's specific location.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases

## Definition of a lease

A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

For  contracts  entered  into  or  modified  or  arising  from  business  combinations  on  or  after  the  date  of  initial application, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

## The Group as a lessee

## Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.

## Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The  Group  applies  the  short-term  lease  recognition  exemption  to  leases  of  premises  that  have  a  lease  term of  12  months  or  less  from  the  commencement  date  and  do  not  contain  a  purchase  option.  It  also  applies  the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over the lease term.

## Right-of-use assets

The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

- the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liabilities;
- any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
- any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
- an  estimate  of  costs  to  be  incurred  by  the  Group  in  dismantling  and  removing  the  underlying  assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment loss, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use  assets  are  depreciated  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  shorter  of  its  estimated  useful  life  and  the lease term.

The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## Refundable rental deposits

Refundable  rental  deposits  paid  are  accounted  under  HKFRS  9  Financial  Instruments  ('HKFRS  9')  and  initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

## Lease liabilities

At  the  commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liabilities at the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

The lease payments include:

- fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
- variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date;
- amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;
- the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option; and
- payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option to terminate the lease.

After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets) whenever:

- the  lease  term  has  changed  or  there  is  a  change  in  the  assessment  of  exercise  of  a  purchase  option,  in which case the related lease liabilities are remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.
- the  lease  payments  change  due  to  changes  in  expected  payment  under  a  guaranteed  residual  value,  in which cases the related lease liabilities are remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.

The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## Lease modifications

The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

- the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and
- the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liabilities based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

The  Group  accounts  for  the  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities  by  making  corresponding  adjustments  to  the relevant right-of-use assets.

When  the  modified  contract  contains  a  lease  component  and  one  or  more  additional  lease  or  non-lease components,  the  Group  allocates  the  consideration  in  the  modified  contract  to  each  lease  component  on  the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the nonlease components.

## Covid-19-related rent concessions

In relation to rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group has elected  to  apply  the  practical  expedient  not  to  assess  whether  the  change  is  a  lease  modification  if  all  of  the following conditions are met:

- the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;
- any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022; and
- there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in lease payments resulting from rent concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying HKFRS 16 if the changes are not a lease modification. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for as variable lease payments. The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a corresponding adjustment recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Foreign currencies

In  preparing  the  financial  statements  of  each  individual  group  entity,  transactions  in  currencies  other  than  the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in  foreign  currencies  are  retranslated  at  the  rates  prevailing  on  the  date  when  the  fair  value  was  determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

For  the  purposes  of  presenting  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Group's foreign  operations  are  translated  into  the  presentation  currency  of  the  Group  (i.e.  Hong  Kong  dollars)  using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve.

On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group's entire interest in a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an interest  in  a  joint  arrangement  or  an  associate  that  includes  a  foreign  operation  of  which  the  retained  interest becomes a financial  asset),  all  of  the  exchange  differences  accumulated  in  equity  in  respect  of  that  operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing  costs  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition,  construction  or  production  of  qualifying  assets,  which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale are added to  the  cost  of  those  assets  until  such  time  as  the  assets  are  substantially  ready  for  their  intended  use  or  sale. Investment  income  earned  on  the  temporary  investment  of  specific  borrowings  pending  their  expenditure  on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## Government grants

Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under 'other income'.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Employment benefits

## Retirement benefits costs

Payments to defined contribution scheme are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

## Short-term and other long-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another HKFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

A liability  is  recognised  for  benefits  accruing  to  employees (such as wages and salaries and annual leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

Liabilities  recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present value of the estimated future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting date. Any changes in the liabilities' carrying amounts resulting from service cost, interest and remeasurements are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that another HKFRS requires or permits their inclusion in the cost of an asset.

## Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of the income tax expense currently payable and deferred tax.

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from 'loss before taxation' as reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

Deferred tax is recognised on, temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  corresponding  tax  bases  used  in  the  computation  of  taxable  profits. Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  generally  recognised  for  all  taxable  temporary  differences.  Deferred  tax  assets  are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business consolidation) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from initial recognition of goodwill.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Taxation (Continued)

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  for  taxable  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the assets be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

The measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of each reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

For  leasing  transactions  in  which  the  tax  deductions  are  attributable  to  the  lease  liabilities,  the  Group  applies requirements of HKAS 12 Income Taxes to the leasing transaction as a whole. Temporary differences relating to right of-use assets and lease liabilities are assessed on a net basis. Excess of depreciation on right-of-use assets over the lease payments for the principal portion of lease liabilities results in net deductible temporary differences.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Property and equipment

Property  and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost  less  subsequent  accumulated  depreciation  and  subsequent accumulated impairment loss, if any.

Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of items of property and equipment over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for a prospective basis.

An  item  of  property  and  equipment  is  derecognised  upon  disposal  or  when  no  future  economic  benefits  are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

## Impairment loss on property and equipment and right-of-use assets other than financial assets

At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property and equipment and right-of-use assets to determine whether there is any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).

The recoverable amount of property and equipment and right-of-use assets are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.

In  testing  a  cash-generating  unit  for  impairment,  corporate  assets  are  allocated  to  the  relevant  cash-generating unit  when  a  reasonable  and  consistent  basis  of  allocation  can  be  established,  or  otherwise  they  are  allocated to  the  smallest  group  of  cash  generating  units  for  which  a  reasonable  and  consistent  allocation  basis  can  be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If  the  recoverable  amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a CGU, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of CGUs, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of CGUs, with the recoverable amount of the group of CGUs. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of CGUs. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of CGUs. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Impairment loss on property and equipment and right-of-use assets other than financial assets (Continued)

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or CGU or a group of CGUs) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a CGU or a group of CGUs) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

- (a) cash, which comprises of cash on hand, excluding bank balances that are subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash; and
- (b) cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months or less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.

For  the  purposes  of  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows,  cash  and  cash  equivalents  consist  of  cash  and cash  equivalents  as  defined  above,  net  of  outstanding  bank  overdrafts  which  are  repayable  on  demand  and form an integral part of the Group's cash management. Such overdrafts are presented as bank borrowings in the consolidated statement of financial position.

## Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost of inventories are determined on a first-in, first-out method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all costs necessary to make the sale. Cost necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sales and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

## Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligations, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The  amount  recognised  as  a  provision  is  the  best  estimate  of  the  consideration  required  to  settle  the  present obligation  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  taking  into  account  the  risks  and  uncertainties  surrounding  the obligation.  When  a  provision  is  measured  using  the  cash  flows  estimated  to  settle  the  present  obligation,  its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

## Reinstatement provisions

Provision for the costs to restore leased assets to their original condition, as required by the terms and conditions of the lease, are recognised at the date of inception of the lease at the directors' best estimate of the expenditure that  would  be  required  to  restore  the  assets,  estimates  are  regularly  reviewed  and  adjusted  as  appropriate  for new circumstances.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities  are  recognised  when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions  of  the  instrument.  All  regular  way  purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets  are  recognised  and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss ('FVTPL')) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of  calculating  the  amortised  cost  of  a  financial  asset  or  financial liability  and  of  allocating  interest  income  and  interest  expense  over  the  relevant  period.  The  effective  interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid  or  received  that  form  an  integral  part  of  the  effective  interest  rate,  transaction  costs  and  other  premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

## Financial assets

## Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
- the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial  assets  that  meet  the  following  conditions  are  subsequently  measured  at  fair  value  through  other comprehensive income ('FVTOCI'):

- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and collecting contractual cash flows; and
- the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

All  other  financial  assets  are  subsequently  measured  at  FVTPL,  except  that  at  initial  recognition  of  a  financial asset  the  Group  may  irrevocably  elect  to  present  subsequent  changes  in  fair  value  of  an  equity  investment  in other  comprehensive  income  if  that  equity  investment  is  neither  held  for  trading  nor  contingent  consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations  applies.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued) A financial asset is held for trading if:

- it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
- on  initial  recognition  it  is  a  part  of  a  portfolio  of  identified  financial  instruments  that  the  Group  manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
- it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.
- (i) Amortised cost and interest income

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If  the  credit  risk  on  the  credit  impaired  financial  instrument  improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit impaired.

## Impairment of financial assets

The  Group  performs  impairment  assessment  under  Expected  Credit  Loss  ('ECL')  model  on  financial  assets (including trade receivables, amounts due from related parties, deposits and bank balances) which are subject to impairment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

Lifetime  ECL  represents  the  ECL  that  will  result  from  all  possible  default  events  over  the  expected  life  of  the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL ('12m ECL') represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to  result  from  default  events  that  are  possible  within  12  months  after  the  reporting  date. Assessment are done based on the Group's historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic  conditions  and  an  assessment  of  both  the  current  conditions  at  the  reporting  date  as  well  as  the forecast of future conditions.

The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables.

For  all  other  instruments,  the  Group  measures  the  loss  allowance  equal  to  12m  ECL,  unless  there  has  been  a significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition,  the  Group  recognises  lifetime  ECL. The  assessment  of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

- (i) Significant increase in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the  date  of  initial  recognition.  In  making  this  assessment,  the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

In  particular,  the  following  information  is  taken  into  account  when  assessing  whether  credit  risk  has increased significantly:

- an  actual  or  expected  significant  deterioration  in  the  financial  instrument's  external  (if  available)  or internal credit rating;
- significant  deterioration  in  external  market  indicators  of  credit  risk,  e.g.  a  significant  increase  in  the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
- existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations;
- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
- an  actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  change  in  the  regulatory,  economic,  or  technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

Despite  the  aforegoing,  the  Group  assumes  that  the  credit  risk  on  a  debt  instrument  has  not  increased significantly  since  initial  recognition  if  the  debt  instrument  is  determined  to  have  low  credit  risk  at  the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has a low risk of default, ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

- (i) Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)

The  Group  regularly  monitors  the  effectiveness  of  the  criteria  used  to  identify  whether  there  has  been  a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

## (ii) Definition of default

For  internal  credit  risk  management,  the  Group  considers  an  event  of  default  occurs  when  information developed  internally  or  obtained  from  external  sources  indicates  that  the  debtor  is  unlikely  to  pay  its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

## (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets

A  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  when  one  or  more  events  of  default  that  have  a  detrimental  impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

- (a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
- (b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
- (c) the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower's financial difficulty,  having  granted  to  the  borrower  a  concession(s)  that  the  lender(s)  would  not  otherwise consider; or
- (d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.

## (iv) Write-off policy

The  Group  writes  off  a  financial  asset  when  there  is  information  indicating  that  the  counterparty  is  in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has  been  placed  under  liquidation  or  has  entered  into  bankruptcy  proceedings,  or  in  the  case  of  trade receivables,  when  the  amounts  are  over  two  years  past  due,  whichever  occurs  sooner.  Financial  assets written  off  may  still  be  subject  to  enforcement  activities  under  the  Group's  recovery  procedures,  taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

- (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL

The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss  given  default  is  based  on  historical  data  adjusted  by  forward-looking  information.  Estimation  of  ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

Generally,  the  ECL  is  the  difference  between  all  contractual  cash  flows  that  are  due  to  the  Group  in accordance  with  the  contract  and  the  cash  flows  that  the  Group  expects  to  receive,  discounted  at  the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when formulating the grouping:

- Past-due status;
- Nature, size and industry of debtors; and
- External credit ratings where available.

The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their  carrying  amount,  with  the  exception  of  trade  and  other  receivables  where  the  corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Derecognition of financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or  when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.

On derecognition  of  a  financial  asset,  the  difference  between  the  asset's  carrying  amount  and  the  sum  of  the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

## Financial liabilities and equity

## Classification as debt or equity

Debt  and  equity  instruments  issued  by  a  group  entity  are  classified  as  either  financial  liabilities  or  as  equity  in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definition of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An  equity  instrument  is  any  contract  that  evidences  a  residual  interest  in  the  assets  of  a  group  entity  after deducting  all  of  its  liabilities.  Equity  instruments  issued  by  the  group  entities  are  recognised  at  the  proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## Financial liabilities at amortised cost

The Group's financial liabilities including trade and other payables, amounts due to related parties, amount due to non-controlling interest and bank borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

The  Group  derecognises  financial  liabilities  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group's  obligations  are  discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

## 5. KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In the application of the Group's accounting policies, which are described in note 4, the directors of the Company are required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that  are  not  readily  apparent  from  other  sources.  The  estimates  and  underlying  assumptions  are  based  on historical  experience  and  other  factors  that  are  considered  to  be  relevant. Actual  results  may  differ  from  these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are  recognised  in  the  period  in  which  the  estimates  is  revised  if  the  revision  affects  only  that  period,  or  in  the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

The  following  are  the  key  assumptions  concerning  the  future,  and  other  key  sources  of  estimation  uncertainty at the end of each reporting period that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets within the next financial year.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 5. KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

## Estimated impairment of property and equipment and right-of-use assets

Property  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  are  stated  at  costs  less  accumulated  depreciation  and impairment, if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to exercise judgment and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable amounts including cash flow projections and an appropriate discount rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset (including right-of-use assets), the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the assets belongs. Changing the assumptions and estimates, including the discount rates, the growth rate or the budgeted gross margins in the cash flow projections, could materially  affect  the  net  present  value  used  in  the impairment test. Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 16 and 17.

## Provision of ECL for trade and other receivables

The Group uses provision matrix to calculate ECL for the trade and other receivables. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various debtors that have similar loss patterns. The provision matrix is based on the  Group's  historical  default  rates  taking  into  consideration  forward-looking  information  that  is  reasonable  and supportable available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.

The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group's trade and other receivables are disclosed in note 21.

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Group is principally engaged in the provision of food catering services through restaurants and online sales of wines. The following is revenue and segment information analysis:

## (i) Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Continuing operations  Catering service income (including services provided and food and  beverage served)  12,259  6,625  Online sales of wines  221  22  12,480  6,647  Timing of revenue recognition  A point in time  12,480  6,647   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## (ii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers

Revenue from catering  service  income  is  recognised  when  control  of  the  goods  and  services  have  been transferred  to  the  customers,  being  at  the  point  the  goods  are  delivered  and  the  related  services  are rendered to the customers. Payment of the transaction price is due immediately to 60 days at the point the Group provides the services and serves the foods and beverage to the customers.

For  online  sales  of  wines,  revenue  is  recognised  when  control  of  the  goods  has  transferred  to  the customers, being at the point the goods are delivered to the customers. Delivery occurs when the goods have been shipped to the customer's specific location. When the customers initially purchases the goods online, the transaction price received by the Group is recognised as a contract liability until the goods have been delivered to the customers.

## (iii)  Segment informations

The consolidated financial statements reported to the management of the Group, being the chief operating decision maker ('CODM'), for the purpose of assessment of segment performance and resources allocation focusing  on  different  restaurants  of  the  Group.  No  operating  segments  identified  by  the  chief  operating decision maker have been aggregated in arriving at the reportable segments of the Group.

The Group previously has two operating and reportable segments, which includes (i) a bar restaurant under the brand of Code ('Code') and (ii) online sales of wines under the brand of MOW ('MOW'). During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group's operating and reportable segments have the following changes to reflect the CODM's current reviewing procedures:

- (a) The Group has been operating new restaurants under the previous operating segment, which include two restaurants under the brand of MEW ('Sushi MEW (HK)') and Xxperience Lifestyle ('Sushi MEW (Singapore)').

At the end of the reporting period, the Group has two operating and reportable segments: catering service and online sales of wines.

The  CODM  reviews  the  Group's  result  by  the  brand  of  each  restaurant  in  order  to  assess  performance  and allocation  of  resources.  Other  than  segment  results,  no  segment  assets  and  liabilities  are  available  for  the assessment of performance and allocation of resources for the year as in the opinion of the directors, the cost to develop it would be excessive. The CODM reviews the segment results of the Group as a whole to make decisions.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

Segment revenue and results

| Catering  service  income  Online sales  of wine  Sub-total  Discontinued  operation  San Xi Lou CWB  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Year ended 31 December 2022  Revenue  12,259  221  12,480  -  12,480  Segment result  (5,519)  (1,289)  (6,808)  (36)  (6,844)  Other income  1,147  Other gains and losses, net  31  Finance cost  (623)  Unallocated other expenses  (2,530)  Loss before tax  (8,819)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Continuing operations  Discontinued  operation  Catering  service  income  Online sales  of wine  Sub-total  San Xi Lou  CWB  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Year ended 31 December 2021  Revenue  6,625  22  6,647  16,127  22,774  Segment result  (4,038)  (195)  (4,233)  (1,514)  (5,747)  Other incomes  771  Other gains and losses, net  5,182  Finance costs  (556)  Unallocated other expenses  (2,772)  Loss before tax  (3,122)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## Segment revenue and results (Continued)

The accounting policies of the operating and reportable segments are the same as the Group's accounting policies described in note 4. Segment (loss)/profit represents the (loss)/profit incurred by each segment without allocation of other incomes, certain unallocated other gains and losses, finance costs, other expenses (including head office staff costs, rental and other corporate expenses during the year) and taxation.

## Geographical information

The following table presents revenue from external customers for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, by geographical area.

## Revenue from external customers

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Continuing operations  Hong Kong  11,290  6,647  Singapore  1,190  -  12,480  6,647   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The revenue information above is based on the location of goods delivered and services provided for the year.

There is no single customers who contributes over 10% of the total revenue of the Group.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 7. OTHER INCOMES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Continuing operations  Bank interest income  1  -  Imputed interest income  89  17  Government grants  655  -  Sundry income  402  200  1,147  217   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. OTHER GAIN/(LOSS)

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Continuing operations  Provision for corporate guarantee  -  (1,715)  Exchange gain, net  8  -  Gain on termination of lease  23  -  31  (1,715)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 9. DIRECTORS' AND EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS

## (a) Directors' and chief executive's emoluments

The  emoluments  paid  or  payable  to  the  directors  of  Company  (including  emoluments  for  services  as employee/directors  of  the  group  entities  prior  to  becoming  the  directors  of  the  Company)  by  entities comprising the Group during the year as follows:

| Directors'  fee  Salaries  and other  benefits  Retirement  benefits  scheme  contributions  Total  emoluments  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  For the year ended  31 December 2022  Executive directors  Mr. Chuk Stanley (note i)  -  -  -  -  Mr. Ying Kan Man  -  238  12  250  Independent non-executive  directors  Mr. Wong Ching Man  120  -  -  120  Mr. Tang Chiu Ming, Jeremy  120  -  -  120  Mr. Yip Ki Chi, Luke  120  -  -  120  Total  360  238  12  610  For the year ended  31 December 2021  Executive directors  Mr. Chuk Stanley (note i)  -  105  5  110  Mr. Ying Kan Man  -  238  12  250  Independent non-executive  directors  Mr. Wong Ching Wan  120  -  -  120  Mr. Tang Chiu Ming, Jeremy  120  -  -  120  Mr. Yip Ki Chi, Luke  120  -  -  120  Total  360  343  17  720   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

i. Mr. Chuk Stanley is also the chairman and chief executive officer of the Company.

ii. The  emoluments  of  executive  directors  stated  above  were  for  their  services  in  connection  with  management  of  the  affairs  of the  Company  and  subsidiaries.  The  emoluments  of  independent  non-executive  directors  state  above  were  for  their  services  in connection with their roles as directors of the Company.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 9. DIRECTORS' AND EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Employees' emoluments

Of  the  five  individuals  with  the  highest  emoluments  in  the  Group,  none  for  both  year  was  director  of Company whose emolument is included in the disclosures  above. The  emoluments  of  the  remaining  five (2021: five) individuals are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries and other benefits  2,450  2,389  Retirement benefits scheme contributions  169  48  2,619  2,437   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Their emoluments are within the following band:

| 2022  2021  Number of  employees  Number of  employees  HK$ Nil to HK$1,000,000  5  4  HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000  -  1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 10.  FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Continuing operations  The finance costs represent interest on:  - Bank borrowings  3  1  - Lease liabilities  620  93  623  94   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Continuing operations  Hong Kong Profits Tax:  Current tax  -  -  Singapore Corporate Income Tax:  Current tax  -  -  -  -  Deferred taxation charge (note 19)  -  -  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made as the Group has no assessable profits from its continuing operations for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 11.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill 2017 (the 'Bill') which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28 March 2018 and  was  gazetted  on  the  following  day.  Under  the  two-tiered  profits  tax  rates  regime,  the  first  HK$2  million  of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

Singapore Corporate Income Tax has been provided at 17% (2021: 17%) on the estimated assessable profits arising in Singapore during the year.

The income tax expense for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 can be reconciled to the loss before taxation as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Continuing operations  Loss before taxation from continuing operations  (8,783)  (12,058)  Tax at the domestic income tax rate  (1,449)  (1,990)  Tax effect of expense not deductible for tax purpose  749  2,154  Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose  (74)  (3)  Tax effect of tax losses/deductible temporary differences not recognised  1,054  (17)  Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised  (257)  (144)  Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in other jurisdictions  (23)  -  Income tax expense from continuing operations  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of deferred tax are set out in note 19.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 12.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

As disclosed in note 32 and note 41, a winding up order of Sky Honour Consultants Limited ('Sky Honour') was granted by the court and Sky Honour is in compulsory winding up process by its provisional liquidators during the year ended 31 December 2021. The sky Honour total assets and liabilities has been deconsolidated from the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021.

Furthermore, the Group discontinued the San Xi Lou CWB segment during the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

The (loss)/profit  for  the  year  from  the  discontinued  operations  is  set  out  below. The  comparative  figures  in  the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income have been restated to re-present part of the restaurant operations as discontinued operations.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss)/profit from the discontinued operations for the year  (36)  5,475  Gain on de-consolidation/disposal of part of the discontinued operations  (note 32)  -  3,461  (36)  8,936   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 12.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Continued)

The results of the discontinued operations, which have been included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, were as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  -  16,127  Other incomes  -  554  Other gains and losses, net  -  6,897  Raw materials and consumables used  -  (4,763)  Staff costs  -  (7,654)  Rental and related expenses  -  (1,366)  Utilities expenses  -  (2,233)  Other expenses  (36)  (1,625)  Finance costs  -  (462)  (Loss)/profit before taxation  (36)  5,475  Income tax expense  -  -  (Loss)/profit for the year  (36)  5,475  Other comprehensive income for the year:  Items that maybe reclassified subsequently to profit or loss  Exchange differences arising on translation of a foreign operation  -  -  Release of translation reserve upon disposal of a subsidiary  -  -  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  -  -  Total comprehensive (expense)/income for the year  (36)  5,475   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 12.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Continued)

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss)/profit for the year from discontinued operations  has been arrived after charging:  Auditor's remuneration  -  36  Staff costs (including directors' emoluments)  Salaries and other benefits  -  7,341  Retirement benefits scheme contributions  -  313  -  7,654  Short-term lease payment in respect of  - land and buildings  -  215  - catering equipment  -  17  -  232   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  carrying  amounts  of  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  subsidiaries  de-consolidated/disposed  at  the  date  of disposal are disclosed in note 32.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 13.  LOSS FOR THE YEAR

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Continuing operations  Loss before taxation has been arrived at after charging:  Depreciation of property and equipment  972  29  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  822  446  Impairment loss on:  - property and equipment  1,388  141  - right-of-use assets  158  6,472  Auditor's remuneration  660  624  Staff costs (including directors' emoluments)  Salaries and other benefits  5,127  3,263  Retirement benefits scheme contributions  245  92  5,372  3,355  Short-term lease payment in respect of  - land and buildings  103  444  - catering equipment  19  11  122  455   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 14.  DIVIDENDS

No dividend was paid or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, nor has any dividend been proposed since the end of the reporting periods.

## 15.  (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE

## For continuing operations

The calculation of the basic and diluted (loss)/earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the following data:

(Loss)/earnings figures are calculated as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss for the year attributable to owners of the Company  (7,505)  (3,029)  Less:  (Loss)/profit for the year from discontinued operations  (36)  8,936  Loss for the purpose of basic and diluted loss per share  from continuing operations  (7,469)  (11,965)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Number of shares

| '000  '000  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of  basic and diluted (loss)/earnings per share  1,382,400  1,200,605   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 15.  (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)

## Number of shares (Continued)

For the year ended 31 December 2021, the weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic (loss)/earnings per share has been adjusted for the share subscription completed on 15 October 2021 as disclosed in note 29. There are no potential dilutive shares in issue during both years.

## From continuing and discontinued operations

The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share from continuing and discontinued operations attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the following data:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss for the purpose of basic and diluted loss per share  Loss for the year attributable to owners of the Company  (7,505)  (3,029)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The denominators used are the same as those detailed above for basic and diluted loss per share.

## From discontinued operations

Basic and diluted earnings per share for the discontinued operations is HK$0.00 cents per share (2021: HK$0.75 cents per shares), based on the loss for the year from the discontinued operations of approximately HK$36,000 (2021:  profit  of  approximately  HK$8,936,000)  and  the  denominators  detailed  above  for  both  basic  and  diluted earnings per share.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 16.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

| Leasehold  improvements  Furniture  and  fixtures  Catering  and other  equipment  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  COST  At 1 January 2021  13,210  3,199  1,777  18,186  Acquired on acquisition of a subsidiary  -  -  54  54  Additions  -  22  94  116  Disposals  (12,499)  (2,852)  (1,019)  (16,370)  Eliminated on disposals of subsidiaries (note 32)  (711)  (347)  (758)  (1,816)  At 31 December 2021  -  22  148  170  Additions  3,259  1,505  1,002  5,766  Exchange alignment  52  29  9  90  At 31 December 2022  3,311  1,556  1,159  6,026  DEPRECIATION AND IMPAIRMENT  At 1 January 2021  13,210  3,199  1,777  18,186  Provided for the year  -  2  27  29  Impairment loss  -  20  121  141  Eliminated on disposals  (12,499)  (2,852)  (1,019)  (16,370)  Eliminated on disposals of subsidiaries (note 32)  (711)  (347)  (758)  (1,816)  At 31 December 2021  -  22  148  170  Provided for the year  673  175  124  972  Impairment loss  866  230  292  1,388  Exchange alignment  12  3  1  16  At 31 December 2022  1,551  430  565  2,546  CARRYING VALUES  At 31 December 2022  1,760  1,126  594  3,480  At 31 December 2021  -  -  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 16.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

The  above  items  of  property  and  equipment  are  depreciated  on  a  straight-line  basis  at  the  following  rates  per annum:

| Leasehold improvements  Over the shorter of lease terms and useful life  Furniture and fixtures  10%-25%  Catering and other equipment  10%-25%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  certain  restaurants  did  not  perform  as  expected,  the  management  of  the  Group  concluded  there  was  an indication  for  impairment  and  conducted  impairment  assessment  on  recoverable  amounts  of  property  and equipment and right-of-use assets of relevant restaurants. The Group estimates the recoverable amount of these restaurants, each represents an individual CGU, to which the asset belongs when it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually.

The recoverable amount of CGUs has been determined based on a value in use calculation.

Furthermore,  since  the  Group  estimates  certain  restaurants  with  impairment  indicators  would  not  generate  a net cash inflow in the future, an impairment loss of HK$1,388,000 and HK$158,000 has been recognised against the  carrying  amount  of  property  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  respectively  during  the  year  ended 31 December 2022 (2021: HK$141,000 and HK$6,472,000 respectively).

The remaining lease term of the restaurant is to end within two years from the end of the reporting year.

## 17.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

| Leased  properties  HK$'000  As at 31 December 2022  Carrying amount  2,237  As at 31 December 2021  Carrying amount  -  For the year ended 31 December 2022  Depreciation provided for the year  822  Impairment loss  158  For the year ended 31 December 2021  Depreciation provided for the year  446  Impairment loss  6,472   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 17.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Expense relating to short-term leases and other leases with lease terms  end within 12 months of the date of initial application of HKFRS 16  103  659  Expense relating to leases of low-value assets, excluding short-term leases  of low value assets  19  28  Total cash outflow of leases  2,386  3,176  Additions to right-of-assets  3,217  6,918  Gain on lease modification  -  8,231  Gain on termination of lease  23  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  both  years,  the  Group  leases  various  properties  for  its  restaurant  operations.  Lease  contracts  are  entered into the following ranges of fixed terms of 2 years to 5 years, but may have extension and termination options as described below.

In  determining  the  lease  term  and  assessing  the  length  of  the  non-cancellable  period,  the  Group  applies  the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term is depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. The remaining right-of use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases.

## Extension and termination options

The  Group  has  extension  and  termination  options  in  a  number  of  leases  for  various  properties  for  restaurant. These are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group's operations. The  majority  of  extension  and  termination  options  held  are  exercisable  only  by  the  Group  and  not  by  the respective lessors.

The  Group  assesses  at  lease  commencement  date  whether  it  is  reasonably  certain  to  exercise  the  extension options  or  not  to  exercise  the  termination  options. The  potential  exposures  to  these  future  lease  payments  for extension options in which the Group is not reasonably certain to exercise and termination options in which the Group is not reasonably certain not to exercise are summarised below:

| 2022  Potential  future lease  payments  not included  in lease  liabilities  (undiscounted)  2021  Potential  future lease  payments  not included  in lease  liabilities  (undiscounted)  HKD'000  HKD'000  HKD'000  HKD'000  Restaurants  6,170  6,783  6,495  6,781   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 17.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)

## Extension and termination options (Continued)

The  following  table  summarised  the  additional  lease  liabilities  recognised  during  the  year  ended  31  December 2022 and 2021 as a result of (i) exercising extension option that the Group was not reasonably certain to exercise and (ii) not exercising termination option that the Group was not reasonably certain not to exercise:

| Extension  option  exercisable  2022  Extension  option  exercised  Termination  option  exercisable  2022  Termination  option not  exercised  No. of leases  No. of leases  No. of leases  No. of leases  Restaurants  1  -  -  -  Additional lease liabilities recognised  during the year ended 31 December 2022 (HK$'000)  -  -  Extension  option  exercisable  2021  Extension  option  exercised  Termination  option  exercisable  2021  Termination  option not  exercised  No. of leases  No. of leases  No. of leases  No. of leases  Restaurants  1  -  -  -  Additional lease liabilities recognised  during the year ended 31 December 2021 (HK$'000)  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  addition,  the  Group  reassesses  whether  it  is  reasonably  certain  to  exercise  an  extension  option,  or  not  to exercise  a  termination  option,  upon  the  occurrence  of  either  a  significant  event  or  a  significant  change  in circumstances that is within the control of the lessee. During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, there is no such triggering event.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 17.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)

## Extension and termination options (Continued)

Leases of restaurants are either with only fixed lease payments or contain variable lease payment that are based on  a  certain  percentage  of  sales  and  minimum  annual  lease  payment  that  are  fixed  over  the  lease  term.  The overall  financial  effect  of  using  variable  payment  terms  is  that  higher  rental  costs  are  incurred  by  stores  with higher revenue.

The  Group  has  extension  options  for  certain  leases  in  Hong  Kong.  These  are  used  to  maximise  operational flexibility  in  terms  of  managing  the  assets  used  in  the  Group's  operations.  The  extension  options  held  are exercisable only by the Group.

## 18.  GOODWILL

| Acquisition of  Xxperience  Lifestyle  Pte. Ltd.  ('Xxperience  Lifestyle')  HK$' 000  COST  At 1 January 2021  -  Arising on acquisition of a subsidiary  109  At 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022  109  CARRYING VALUES  At 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022  109   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to one CGU, comprising one subsidiary for its initial set-up cost of the potential new restaurant business. The carrying amount of goodwill (net of accumulated impairment losses) allocated to the unit is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Initial set-up cost of the potential new restaurant business  109  109   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the management of the Group determines that there is no impairment on goodwill.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 19.  DEFERRED TAXATION

The Group has unused tax losses of approximately HK$12,669,000 (2021: HK$10,916,000) and deductible temporary differences  of  HK$366,000  (2021:  HK$2,211,000)  available  for  offset  against  future  profits  as  at  31  December 2022. No deductible temporary difference as at 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil) has been recognised as deferred tax assets. No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of the entire unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 due to the unpredictability of future profit. Unused tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

## 20.  INVENTORIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Food and beverage and other consumables for restaurant operations  582  246   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21.  TRADE RECEIVABLES, DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables  223  30  Rental deposits  1,361  1,020  Other deposits  436  317  Prepayments and other receivables  416  190  Total  2,436  1,557  Analysed for reporting purposes as:  Non-current assets  1,275  1,041  Current assets  1,161  516  2,436  1,557   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There was no credit period granted to individual customers for the restaurant operations.

The Group's trading terms with its customers are mainly by cash, credit card, electronic and mobile payments. The settlement terms of credit card, electronic and mobile payments companies are usually 7 days after the service rendered date.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 21.  TRADE RECEIVABLES, DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS (Continued)

However,  the  Group  allows  a  credit  period  of  30  days  to  its  VIP  members  which  include  certain  corporate customers for consumption in the Group's restaurants. The credit period provided to customers can vary based on a number of factors including nature of operations, the Group's relationship with the customer and the customer's credit profile. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit  enhancements  over  its  trade  receivable  balances.  Trade  receivables  are  non  interest-bearing.  They  are stated after netting the loss allowance.

No interest is charged on the trade receivables on the outstanding balance.

During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, there is no impairment loss under ECL model from continuing operations recognised in the profit or loss.

The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables net of allowance for credit losses presented based on the invoice date, which approximated the respective revenue recognition date, at the end of the reporting periods.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0 to 30 days  205  30  31 to 60 days  18  -  223  30   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022, included in the Group's trade receivables balance, no debtors (2021: Nil) are past due as at the reporting date. None of the balances (2021: Nil) has been past due 30 days or more and is not considered as in default as these balances are mainly due from customers of good credit quality. The Group does not hold any collateral over the balances.

Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are set out in note 34.

## 22.  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS/RESTRICTED BANK BALANCES

As  at  31  December  2022,  bank  balances  carry  interest  at  prevailing  market  rate  of  0.01%  (31  December  2021: 0.01%) per annum.

As  at  31  December  2022,  none  of  the  bank  balances  (2021:  HK$11,812,000)  out  of  the  total  cash  and  cash equivalents are frozen by a bank and considered as a restricted bank balances.

Details of impairment assessment of bank balances and restricted bank balances are set out in note 34.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 23.  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade payables  2,150  1,544  Salaries payables  3,320  3,595  Accruals and other payables  9,212  6,806  14,682  11,945   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The salaries payables represent the portion of staff costs incurred during both years that remains overdue as at 31 December 2022 and 2021. As disclosed in note 28 and note 41, the Group had incurred surcharge and penalty for the overdue salaries and retirement benefits scheme contribution of the Group's employees due to the breach of certain laws and regulations during the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

The credit period granted to the Group by suppliers normally ranges from 0 to 60 days.

The  following  is  an  aged  analysis  of  trade  payables  presented  based  on  the  invoice  date  at  the  end  of  the reporting periods:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0-30 days  390  183  31-60 days  39  5  61-90 days  72  1  Over 90 days  1,649  1,355  2,150  1,544   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 24.  AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) RELATED PARTIES

Details of amounts due to related parties as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are stated as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amount due from related party  Mr. Wong Kwong Sum (note i)  89  -  Amounts due to related parties  Mr. Wong Kwong Sum (note i)  -  (98)  Mr. Ying King Man  -  (1)  -  (99)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

(i) Mr. Wong Kwong Sum is a director of a subsidiary of the Company.

The amount due from related party was non-trade, unsecured and interest free as at 31 December 2022.

The amounts due to related parties were non-trade, unsecured and interest free as at 31 December 2021.

## 25.  AMOUNT DUE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST

The balance is non-trade, unsecured and interest free as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## 26.  BANK BORROWINGS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Bank overdrafts  255  12  Other bank borrowing  88  38  343  50  Unsecured  343  50   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 26.  BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Carrying amount (shown under current liabilities) that contains  a repayment on demand clause based on scheduled repayment terms:  - Within one year  343  50   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Bank overdrafts carry interest at market rates at 14.13% per annum as at 31 December 2022 (2021: 11.50%).

The  other  bank  borrowing  carry  interest  at  market  rate.  The  effective  interest  rate  on  the  Group's  other  bank borrowing was 14.12% per annum as at 31 December 2022 (2021: 6.25%).

None of the bank borrowings are secured and guaranteed as at 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil).

## 27.  LEASE LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Lease liabilities payable:  Within one year  3,001  1,907  Within a period of more than one year but not more than two years  2,849  2,050  Within a period of more than two years but not more than five years  1,262  2,538  7,112  6,495  Less: Amount due to settlement with 12 months shown under current  liabilities  (3,001)  (1,907)  Amount due to settlement after 12 months shown under  non-current liabilities  4,111  4,588   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 28.  PROVISIONS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Analysis for reporting purpose as:  Current liabilities  3,487  4,912  Non-current liabilities  221  150  3,708  5,062   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Corporate  guarantee  provision  Surcharge  and penalty  provisions  Reinstatement  provisions  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  945  342  500  1,787  Provision recognised  1,715  2,132  1,440  5,287  Provision released  -  (297)  (500)  (797)  Provision utilized  (1,200)  (15)  -  (1,215)  At 31 December 2021  1,460  2,162  1,440  5,062  Provision recognised  -  35  71  106  Provision utilized  (1,460)  -  -  (1,460)  At 31 December 2022  -  2,197  1,511  3,708   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 28.  PROVISIONS (Continued)

The  corporate  guarantee  provision  related  to  the  corporate  guarantee  for  the  disposed  subsidiaries  of  the Company.

- i) The  Company,  as  a  guarantor,  had  provided  corporate  guarantee  to  the  landlord  for  the  lease  entered between its previous subsidiary, Higher Top Limited ('Higher Top') and the landlord on 27 August 2018. A provision of HK$1,820,000 was recognised for this guarantee during the period ended 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2021, the net outstanding amount payable by Higher Top to the landlord is HK$1,460,000 (31 December 2020: HK$945,000). The amount had been fully settled in February 2022.
2. ii) The  surcharge  and  penalty  provisions  mainly  related  to  surcharge  and  penalty  on  overdue  salaries  and retirement benefits scheme contribution of the Group's employees.
3. iii) The provision for reinstatement works related to the estimated cost of reinstating the rented premises to be carried out at the end of respective lease periods. These amounts have not been discounted for the purpose of measuring the provision for reinstatement works as the effect is not significant.

## 29.  SHARE CAPITAL

The share capital as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 represented the share capital of the Company with the details as follows:

| Number  of shares  Amount  HK$'000  Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each  Authorised:  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022  2,000,000,000  20,000  Issued and fully paid:  At 1 January 2021  1,152,000,000  11,520  Issue of shares  230,400,000  2,304  At 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022  1,382,400,000  13,824   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All issued shares of the Company rank pari passu in all respects with each other.

On 21 September 2021, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with a subscriber in respect of the allotment and issuance of up to 230,400,000 new shares at an issue price of HK$0.056 per share. On 15 October 2021,  the  subscription  was  completed  and  230,400,000  new  shares  were  issued  and  allotted  to  the  subscriber at  an  issue  price  of  HK$0.056  per  share  resulting  in  raising  proceeds,  with  net  proceeds  of  approximately HK$12,618,000.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 30.  BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

- (i) In  June  2021,  The  Group  acquired  a  90%  shares  in  Code  Entertainment,  which  is  principally  engaged  in operation of a bar restaurant, at a consideration of HK$130,000. After that, the Group had further acquired the remaining 10% shares at HK$15,000 in August 2021.
- (ii) In  November  2021,  the  Group  acquired  70%  equity  interest  in  Xxperience  Lifestyle  at  a  consideration  of HK$40,000.

The acquisitions were made as part of the Group's strategy to explore new and sustainable business opportunities.

The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquired subsidiaries as the date of acquisition were as follows:

| Code  Entertainment  Xxperience  Lifestyle  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Consideration for acquisition of subsidiaries  Cash consideration paid/payable:  130  40  170  Add: Non-controlling interests  14  (29)  (15)  144  11  155  Less: assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the  date of acquisition:  Property, plant and equipment  54  -  54  Inventories  80  -  80  Trade receivables, deposits and prepayments  433  -  433  Cash and cash equivalents  31  57  88  Trade payables, other payables and accruals  (82)  (155)  (237)  Amounts due to related parties  (124)  -  (124)  Lease liability  (248)  -  (248)  Total identifiable net assets/(liabilities)  144  (98)  46  Goodwill arising on acquisitions  -  109  109  An analysis of cash and cash equivalents included in  cash flows from investing activities:  Cash and cash equivalents in subsidiaries acquired  31  57  88  Consideration for acquisition settled in cash  (130)  -  (130)  Cash (paid)/received on acquisitions  (99)  57  (42)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 30.  BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)

The  consideration  paid  for  the  combination  effectively  included  amounts  in  relation  to  the  benefit  of  expected synergies, revenue growth, future market development and the assembled workforce of the acquired subsidiaries. These benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

None  of  the  goodwill  arising  on  the  acquisition  of  Xxperience  Lifestyle  is  expected  to  be  deductible  for  tax purposes.

Acquisition-related costs have been excluded from the consideration transferred and have been recognised as an expense in the current year, within the 'other expenses' line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

## 31.  RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES

The  MPF  Scheme  is  registered  with  the  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Schemes  Authority  ('MPFSA')  under  the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of  the  Group  in  funds  under  the  control  of  an  independent  trustee.  Under  the  MPF  Scheme,  the  employer  and its  employees  are  both  required  to  make  contributions  to  the  MPF  Scheme  at  rates  specified  in  the  rules. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the MPF Scheme is to make the required contributions. Except for voluntary  contribution,  no  forfeited  contribution  under  the  MPF  Scheme  is  available  to  reduce  the  contribution payable in future years. The cap of contribution amount is HK$1,500 per employee per month.

The Taiwan defined contribution scheme was established under trust with the assets of the funds held separately from  those  of  the  Group  by  independent  trustees.  Under  the  Taiwan  defined  contribution  scheme,  the  rate  of contribution by an employer should not be less than 6% of the employees' monthly salaries and the employees may also voluntarily contribute up to 6% of the monthly salaries to the provision fund account under the Labor Pension Act of Taiwan.

The  employees  of  the  Group's  subsidiaries  in  Singapore  are  members  of  a  national  pension  scheme.  The subsidiary is required to contribute 10% of payroll costs to the Central Provident Fund to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make the specified contributions.

The  retirement  benefits  schemes  contributions  arising  from  the  MPF  Scheme  and  the  Taiwan  and  Singapore defined contribution schemes charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income represent contributions paid or payable to the funds by the Group at rates specified in the rules of the schemes.

The contributions paid and payable to the schemes by the Group are disclosed in note 9 and note 13.

## 32.  DE-CONSOLIDATION/DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

As  disclosed  in  note  41,  a  winding  up  order  of  Sky  Honour  was  granted  by  the  court  and  Sky  Honour  is  in compulsory winding up process by its provisional liquidators during the year ended 31 December 2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 32.  DE-CONSOLIDATION/DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

The  following  table  summarises  the  net  assets  being  de-consolidated/disposed  of  during  the  year  ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 and the financial impacts are summarised as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:  Bank balances and cash  -  15  Trade payables, other payables and accruals  -  (3,476)  Net liabilities disposed of  -  (3,461)  Gain on disposal of subsidiaries:  Net liabilities de-consolidated/disposed of  -  3,461  Gain on de-consolidation/disposals  -  3,461  Net cash outflow arising on de-consolidation/disposals:  Consideration received  -  -  Less: cash and cash equivalents de-consolidated/disposed of  -  (15)  -  (15)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 33.  CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while  maximising  the  return  to  owners  through  the  optimisation  of  the  debt  and  equity  balance.  In  order  to maintain  or  adjust  the  capital  structure,  the  Group  may  raise  loan  from  shareholders  and  issue  new  shares  to reduce debts.

The capital  structure  of  the  Group  consists  of  debt,  which  includes  bank  borrowings  as  disclosed  in  respective notes, and equity of the Group, comprising issued share capital and reserves.

The management of the Group reviews the capital structure regularly. As part of this review, the management of the Group considers the cost of capital and the risks associates with each class of capital, and takes appropriate actions through issue of new shares and raising debts to adjust the Group's capital structure.

## 34.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Categories of financial instruments

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  3,704  16,352  At amortised cost  Financial liabilities - At amortised cost  11,745  8,539  Lease liabilities  7,112  6,495   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial risk management objectives and policies

The Group's financial instruments include trade and other receivables, deposits and prepayments, bank balances and cash, amounts due from related parties, trade and other payables, leases liabilities, bank borrowings, amount due  to  non-controlling  interest  and  amounts  due  to  related  parties.  Details  of  these  financial  instruments  are disclosed  in  respective  notes. The  risks  associated  with  these  financial  instruments  and  the  policies  on  how  to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management of the Group manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 34.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Currency risk

The Group's exposure to foreign currency risk is arising mainly from the bank balances and cash of the Singapore subsidiary  which  is  denominated  in  foreign  currency  of  the  relevant  group  entity.  Except  for  the  bank  balances and cash denominated in foreign currency of the relevant group entity, the group entity did not have any other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in foreign currency as at the end of the reporting periods.

The carrying  amounts  of  the  bank  balances  and  cash  denominated  in  foreign  currency,  representing  Singapore Dollars ('SGD'), as at 31 December 2022 is HK$429,000 (2021: HK$974,000).

The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging policy but the directors of the Company monitor foreign  exchange  exposure  by  closely  monitoring  the  foreign  exchange  risk  profile  and  will  consider  hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.

## Sensitivity analysis

This sensitivity analysis details the Group's sensitivity to a 5% appreciation and depreciation in the relevant foreign currency (SGD) against functional currency, HK$. 5% is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk  internally  to  key  management  personnel  and  represents  management's  assessment  of  the  reasonably possible  change  in  foreign  exchange  rate.  The  sensitivity  analysis  includes  only  outstanding  foreign  currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the year end for a 5% change in foreign currency rate. A positive number below indicates a decrease in loss for the year and a negative number below indicates an increase in loss for the year where the relevant foreign currency fluctuate 5% against HK$.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$ impact  - HK$ strengthens against SGD by 5%  (21)  (49)  - HK$ weakens against SGD by 5%  21  49   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Interest rate risk

The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable rate bank balances and bank borrowings (note 22 and 26). The Group is also exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate lease liabilities (note  27).  The  Group  currently  does  not  have  any  interest  rate  hedging  policy.  The  management  of  the  Group monitors the Group's exposure on an ongoing basis and will consider hedging interest rate risk should the need arises.

The  Group's  cash  flow  interest  rate  risk  is  mainly  concentrated  on  the  fluctuation  of  prevailing  market  interest rates arising from the Group's bank balances and HK$ Best Lending Rate, HK$ Prime Rate and prevailing market interest rate arising from the Group's variable-rate bank borrowings.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 34.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued) Interest rate risk (Continued)

## Sensitivity analysis

The  sensitivity  analysis  below  has  been  determined  based  on  the  exposure  to  interest  rates  for  its  variablerate  bank  borrowings. The  analysis  is  prepared  assuming  the  variable-rate  bank  borrowings  at  the  end  of  each reporting period were outstanding for the whole year and 50 basis points increase or decrease are used. The bank balances are excluded from the sensitivity analysis as the management of the Group considers that the interest rate fluctuation is not significant.

If  interest rates have been 50 basis points higher/lower for variable-rate bank borrowings and all other variables were held constant, the Group's loss for the year ended 31 December 2022 would decrease/increase by HK$1,170 (2021: loss for the year decrease/increase by HK$250).

## Credit risk and impairment assessment

The Group's credit risk is principally attributable to trade and other receivables, deposits and bank balances.

The maximum exposure to credit risk of the Group which will cause a financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising from the carrying amount of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position.

The Group trades with a large number of individual customer and trading terms are mainly on cash and credit card settlement. In view of the Group's operations, the Group does not have significant credit risk exposure to any single individual customer.

The credit risk for bank balances is considered as not material as such amounts are placed in banks with good reputation. Included in the balance of cash and cash equivalents, none of it (31 December 2021: HK$ Nil) is held under an escrow account of a financial service provider as at 31 December 2022. The credit risk associated with these balances are considered as not material as such amount is placed in an separate account of bank with good reputation.

The  Group  recognises  lifetime  ECL  as  prescribed  by  HKFRS  9  under  simplified  approach  on  trade  receivables; and recognises 12-month ECL on other receivables. To measure the ECL of trade receivables, they are assessed collectively  using  provision  matrix  based  on  shared  characteristics  including  historical  credit  loss  experience, industry specific factors to the debtors, general economic conditions and the available and supportive forwardlooking information, including time value of money where appropriate. To measure the ECL of other receivables, they are assessed individually on the recoverability based on historical settlement records, past experience, and also the available and supportive forward-looking information.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 34.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued) Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

The management of the Group believes that there is no material credit risk inherent in the Group's outstanding balance of trade and other receivables.

The Group's internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

| Internal credit rating  Description  Trade receivables  Other financial  assets/other items  Low risk  The counterparty has a low risk of default and  does not have any past-due amounts.  Lifetime ECL -  not credit-impaired  12-month ECL  Watch list  Debtor frequently repays after due dates  but usually settle after due date.  Lifetime ECL -  not credit-impaired  12-month ECL  Doubtful  There have been significant increases in credit  risk since initial recognition through  information developed internally or external  resources.  Lifetime ECL -  not credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL -  not credit-impaired  Loss  There is evidence indicating the asset is  credit-impaired.  Lifetime ECL -  credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL -  credit-impaired  Write-off  There is evidence indicating that the debtor  is in severe financial difficulty and the Group  has no realistic prospect of recovery.  Amounts is written off  Amounts is written off   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  31  December  2022  and  2021,  for  trade  receivables,  the  Group  has  applied  the  simplified  approach  in HKFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL and determined that the trade receivables is not credit impairment. For other financial assets, the Group measures the loss allowance at 12-month ECL.

## Liquidity risk

In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed  adequate  by  management  to  finance  the  Group's  operations  and  mitigate  the  effects  of  unexpected fluctuations in cash flows.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 34.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued) Liquidity risk (Continued)

The following table details the Group's remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. Specially, bank borrowings with a repayment on demand clause are included in the earliest time band regardless of the probability of the banks choosing to exercise their rights.

The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

| Weighted  average  effective  interest rate  Repayable  on demand  Within  3 months  3 months  to  1 year  1-5  years  Total  undiscounted  cash flows  Total  carrying  amount  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 31 December 2022  Non-derivative financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  N/A  -  11,055  307  -  11,362  11,362  Amount due to non-controlling interest  N/A  40  -  -  -  40  40  Bank borrowings  7.60  343  -  -  -  343  343  Lease liabilities  10.19  -  1,306  2,725  3,805  7,836  7,112  383  12,361  3,032  3,805  19,581  18,857  Weighted  average  effective  interest rate  Repayable  on demand  Within  3 months  3 months  to  1 year  1-5  years  Total  undiscounted  cash flows  Total  carrying  amount  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 31 December 2021  Non-derivative financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  N/A  -  8,350  -  -  8,350  8,350  Amounts due to related parties  N/A  99  -  -  -  99  99  Amount due to non-controlling interest  N/A  40  -  -  -  40  40  Bank borrowings  7.60  50  -  -  -  50  50  Lease liabilities  6.25  -  624  1,632  4,912  7,168  6,495  189  8,974  1,632  4,912  15,707  15,034   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 34.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Liquidity risk (Continued)

Bank borrowings with a repayment on demand clause are included in the 'Repayable on demand' time band in the above maturity analysis. As at 31 December 2022, the aggregate carrying amount of these bank borrowings was HK$343,000 (2021: HK$50,000). Taking into account the Group's financial position, management of the Group does not believe that it is probable that the banks will exercise their discretionary rights to demand immediate repayment. The management of the Group believes that such bank borrowings of the Group will be repaid after the end of reporting period in accordance with the scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.

For  the  purpose  of  managing  liquidity  risk,  the  management  of  the  Group  reviews  the  expected  cash  flow information  of  the  Group's  bank  borrowings  based  on  the  scheduled  repayment  dates  set  out  in  the  bank borrowing agreements as set out in the table below:

| Weighted  Average  effective  interest rate  Within  3 months  Total  undiscounted  cash flows  Total  carrying  amount  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Bank borrowings:  As at 31 December 2022  7.60  343  343  343  As at 31 December 2021  7.60  50  50  50   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Fair value

The management of the Group estimates the fair value of its financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost using the discounted cash flows analysis.

The  management  of  the  Group  considers  that  the  carrying  amounts  of  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 35.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Save as disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following transactions with its related parties during the year:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Catering income from:  - Mr. Chuk Stanley  -  37  - Mr. Ying Kan Man  4  -  4  37   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the balances with related parties are disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position and note 24.

## Compensation of key management personnel

The remuneration of executive directors and other members of key management during the year were as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Short-term benefits  774  1,538  Post-employment benefits  33  29  807  1,567   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 36.  RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

The table below details changes in the Group's liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group's consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

| Amounts  due to  related  parties  Amount  due to  non-  controlling  interest  Bank  borrowings  Bank  overdrafts  Lease  liabilities  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  -  -  -  12  14,873  14,885  Financing cash flows (note)  (25)  -  36  -  (7,903)  (7,892)  Finance costs recognised  -  -  2  -  554  556  Acquisition of subsidiaries  124  40  -  -  248  412  New lease entered/lease modified  -  -  -  -  (1,277)  (1,277)  At 31 December 2021  99  40  38  12  6,495  6,684  Financing cash flows (note)  (99)  -  47  -  (3,006)  (3,058)  Finance costs recognised  -  -  3  -  620  623  Bank overdrafts raised  -  -  -  243  -  243  New lease entered/lease modified  -  -  -  -  3,003  3,003  At 31 December 2022  -  40  88  255  7,112  7,495   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The financing cash flows represented the net amount of proceeds from bank borrowings, payment of finance costs, advance from related parties, repayment to related parties, bank borrowings and lease liabilities.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 37.  INFORMATION ABOUT THE STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  NON-CURRENT ASSET  Investments in subsidiaries  4  4  CURRENT ASSETS  Other receivables, deposits and prepayments  238  -  Restricted bank balances  -  11,812  Cash and cash equivalents  171  -  409  11,812  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Other payables and accruals  1,929  1,111  Bank borrowing  -  12  Amounts due to related parties  55  55  Provision  -  1,460  1,984  2,638  Net current (liabilities) assets  (1,575)  9,174  Total assets less current liabilities and net (liabilities)/assets  (1,571)  9,178  CAPITAL &amp; RESERVES  Share capital  13,824  13,824  Reserves (note)  (15,395)  (4,646)  (Deficit)/equity attributable to owners of the Company  (1,571)  9,178   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

## Reserves

| Share  premium  Accumulated  losses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  88,377  (93,216)  (4,839)  Loss and comprehensive expense for the year  -  (10,121)  (10,121)  Issue of shares, net of transaction costs  10,314  -  10,314  At 31 December 2021  98,691  (103,337)  (4,646)  Loss and comprehensive expense for the year  -  (10,749)  (10,749)  At 31 December 2022  98,691  (114,086)  (15,395)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 38.  PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company's principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| Name of subsidiary  Place of  establishment  Place of  operation  Issued and  full paid  share capital  Attributable equity  interest of the Group as  at 31 December  2022  2021  Principal activities  Indirectly held  Leading Win Limited  ('Leading Win')  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  HK$500,000  100%  100%  Restaurant operation  Sky Honour  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  HK$1,500,000  -  -*  Restaurant operations  Code Entertainment Limited  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  HK$100,000  100%  100%  Bar operation  MOW Limited  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  HK$100  100%  100%  Online sales of wine  MEW HK Limited  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  HK$100  100%  100%  Restaurant operation  #^  Bounce Club Limited  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  HK$100  100%  100%  Club operation  #  Xxperience Lifestyle  Singapore  Singapore  SGD10,000  70%  70%  Restaurant operation  #^   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The Company de-consolidated the subsidiary during the year ended 31 December 2021 as disclosed in note 32.

# The subsidiaries have not yet commenced business as at 31 December 2021. The management plans to start the operation in mid or late of the year ending 31 December 2022.

^ The subsidiaries started restaurant operations in late of the year ending 31 December 2022.

The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at end of the year or at any time during both years.

## 39.  CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Group has been served a number of litigations and claims by various parties. These claims and litigations are in relation to arrears rent and salaries of the Group and has been recognised in the other payables and accrual and salaries payables. Additional interest and penalty might be incurred due to the delay in settlement of such payables and the Group has several litigations related to arrears salaries and rent. Nevertheless, the management of the Company had obtained legal advice, and considers no additional interest and penalty is required apart from the amounts stated in the other payables and accruals, salaries payables and provisions.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 40.  EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

There were no significant events occurrings after the year ended 31 December 2022.

## 41.  LITIGATION

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has been involved in several claims in relation to arrears rent and salaries, the management and the legal advisors of the Company, is of the opinion that the cases may be discontinued or become dormant because the parties involved did not proceed with the cases further.

The below table summarised the other material litigations filed against the Group or remain active during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Material Litigations filed against the Group

| Action Number  Filing Date/court order date  Status as at  31 December  2022  (a)  HCCW403/2020  25 November 2020  Live  (b)  DCCJ684/2021 and HCA1527/2021  16 February 2021 and 6 October 2021  Live  (c)  SCTC2767/2021  24 August 2021  Live  LBTC2707/2021  23 August 2021  Live  LBTC2725/2021  23 August 2021  Live  LBTC2949/2021  13 September 2021  Live  LBTC2950/2021  13 September 2021  Live  LBTC2951/2021  13 September 2021  Live  LBTC2952/2021  13 September 2021  Live  LBTC2958/2021  13 September 2021  Live  LBTC2983/2021  13 September 2021  Live  LBTC3093/2021  20 September 2021  Live  DCCJ2589/2021  3 June 2021  Live  DCCJ3578/2021  28 July 2021  Live  SCTC28624/2021  30 August 2021  Live  SCTC031048/2021  20 September 2021  Live  DCCJ4538/2021  24 September 2021  Live  SCTC039664/2021  6 December 2021  Live  SCTC043639/2021  11 January 2022  Live  SCTC044353/2021  17 January 2022  Live   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 41.  LITIGATION (Continued)

## Material Litigations filed against the Group (Continued)

Details of the litigations are set out as follows:

## (a) HCCW403/2020

On  25  November  2020,  Goldford  Limited  petitioned  for  the  winding  up  of  Sky  Honour  for  outstanding amounts of HK$2,646,863 in  relation  to  unpaid  rent,  service  charges,  rates  and  interest  in  the  amount  of HK$1,672,172 under the tenancy agreement dated 4 July 2019 and mesne profits, service charges, rates, and costs until vacant possession of the leased premise.

On  24  March  2021,  a  winding  up  order  of  Sky  Honour  was  granted  by  the  court  and  Sky  Honour  is  in compulsory winding up process by its provisional liquidator during the year ended 31 December 2021.

All its assets will be distributed to creditors, including recovery by Goldford Limited for the amounts owing under the case under LEDP373/2020. The Company had obtained legal advice, that the maximum liability of the Group is limited to the assets of Sky Honour.

All  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  Sky  Honour  has  been  de-consolidated  from  the  Group's  consolidation statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021.

The winding up procedures are still in progress as at 31 December 2022.

## (b) DCCJ684/2021 and HCA1527/2021

On  16  February  2021,  Times  Square  Limited  claimed  Leading  Win  under  DCCJ684/2021  for  HK$2,777,566 and interest at 8% per annum from 1 February 2021 to judgment date and thereafter at judgment rate until payment, plus damages being the costs of the auction under the tenancy agreement dated 20 September 2017.

On 6 October 2021, Times Square Limited brought a new claim against Leading Win under HCA1527/2021 for HK$3,978,896 and interest at 8% per annum on HK$2,997,118 from 1 July 2020 to 11 June 2021, damages and further relief.

Times Square Limited may petition for the winding up of Leading Win if it continues to default the payments to Times Square Limited, and all the assets of Leading Win will be subject to distribution to Times Square Limited and other creditors.

As at 31 December 2022, there is no any further update on these litigations.

- (c) During  the  year  ended  31  December  2021,  there  were  several  legal  claims  filed  against  the  Leading Win for  total  amount  of  HK$3,271,000  which  are  related  to  overdue  salaries,  MPF  contribution,  surcharge  and related expenses. Based on the court orders being granted, Leading Win is liable to pay the above amount. The Company had obtained legal advice from its legal advisers that the director of Leading Win may subject to imprisonment given that Leading Win had failed to comply with the Employment Ordinance and the MPF Schemes Ordinance, and had failed to pay the debts pursuant to the court orders. Leading Win may also subject to further surcharge and penalty for the above offences.

The Group had recorded provision for the above as disclosed in note 28.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements and the Prospectus, is set out below:

| For the  year ended  31 March  For the  year ended  31 March  For the  nine months  period ended  31 December  2020  For the  year ended  31 December  2021  For the year  ended  31 December  2022  2019  2020  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Restated)  (Loss)/Profit attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (37,654)  (94,195)  14,275  (3,029)  (7,505)  Non-controlling interests  -  -  -  (93)  (1,314)  As at  31 March  As at  31 March  As at  31 December  As at  31 December  As at  31 December  2019  2020  2020  2021  2022  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Restated)  ## ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  Total assets  65,045  8,979  12,710  16,707  10,112  Total liabilities  (53,122)  (73,957)  (29,163)  (23,691)  (25,885)  11,923  (64,978)  (16,453)  (6,984)  (15,773)  Equity/(deficit) attributable to  owners of the Company  11,923  (64,978)  (16,453)  (6,984)  (15,773)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|