## PEOPLE MATTER

2022 ANNUAL REPORT

Jaime Robinson &amp; Lisa Clunie Founders &amp; Co-CEOs JOAN Creative

<!-- image -->

José A. Quiñonez Founder &amp; CEO Mission Asset Fund

<!-- image -->

Dr. Harvey Karp Founder &amp; CEO Happiest Baby

<!-- image -->

Every day, dedicated people of small and medium size business get up to do incredible things.

Brook Parker-Bello PhD. Founder &amp; CEO More Too Life

<!-- image -->

(Mark One)

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the year ended December 31, 2022

or

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from                      to

Commission File Number: 001-36373

<!-- image -->

TRINET GROUP, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

One Park Place,  Suite 600 Dublin,  CA

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (510) 352-5000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock par value $0.000025 per share

TNET

New York Stock Exchange

Common stock par value $0.000025 per share

TNET

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes

☒

No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  Yes

☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).    Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of 'large accelerated filer,' 'accelerated filer,' 'smaller reporting company,' and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

☒ Accelerated filer

☐

Non-accelerated filer

☐

Smaller reporting company

☐ Emerging growth company

☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.     Yes ☐ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes ☐ No

☒

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on The New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022, was $3.1 billion.

The number of shares of Registrant's Common Stock outstanding as of February 8, 2023 was 59,984,137.

## UNITED STATES

## SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

## FORM 10-K

95-3359658

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

94568

(Zip Code)

Portions of the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement to be issued in connection with its Annual Meeting of Stockholders, scheduled to be held on May 25, 2023, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.

## TRINET GROUP, INC. Form 10-K - Annual Report

## For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| Form 10-K  Cross Reference  Page  Glossary  1  Business  Part I, Item 1.  5  Risk Factors  Part I, Item 1A.  20  Unresolved Staff Comments  Part I, Item 1B.  38  Properties  Part I, Item 2.  38  Legal Proceedings  Part I, Item 3.  38  Mine Safety Disclosures  Part I, Item 4.  38  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of  Equity Securities  Part II, Item 5.  39  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  Part II, Item 7.  42  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  Part II, Item 7A.  69  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  Part II, Item 8.  70  Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income  Consolidated Balance Sheets  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  Part II, Item 9.  108  Controls and Procedures  Part II, Item 9A.  108  Other Information  Part II, Item 9B.  109  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections  Part II, Item 9C.  109  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  Part III, Item 10.  110  Executive Compensation  Part III, Item 11.  110  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder  Part III, Item 12.  110  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  Part III, Item 13.  110  Principal Accountant Fees and Services  Part III, Item 14.  110  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  Part IV, Item 15.  111  Form 10-K Summary  Part IV, Item 16.  111  Signatures  115   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

[This page intentionally left blank]

## Glossary of Acronyms and Abbreviations

Acronyms and abbreviations are used throughout this report, particularly in Part I, Item 1. Business; Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors; Part II, Item 7. MD&amp;A; Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

2018 Term Loan

Our $425 million term loan A executed in June 2018 and repaid in 2021

2021 Credits

Our announced 2021 credits, which provided eligible clients with discretionary credits, subject to certain predefined conditions.

2022 Credits

Includes both of our announced 2022 credits, each of which provides eligible clients with discretionary credits, subject to certain predefined conditions.

2021 Credit

Agreement

Our credit agreement dated February 26, 2021, including our $500 million revolving line of credit.

2029 Notes

Our $500 million senior unsecured notes maturing in March 2029

AB5

California Assembly Bill 5

ACA

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act

ACH

Automated Clearinghouse Transaction

AFS

Available-for-sale

ARPA

American Rescue Plan Act

ASC

Accounting Standards Codification

ASO

Administrative Services Organization

ASU

Accounting Standards Update

CARES Act

Coronavirus Aid Relief and Economic Security Act

CCPA

California Consumer Privacy Act

CEO

Chief Executive Officer

CFO

Chief Financial Officer

Clarus R+D

Clarus R+D Solutions, LLC

COBRA

Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act

colleague

TriNet's internal employees (as distinguished from WSEs and HRIS Users)

COPS

Cost of providing services

COVID-19

Novel coronavirus

CPRA

California Privacy Rights Act

D&amp;A

Depreciation and amortization expenses

DOL

U.S. Department of Labor

EBITDA

Earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization of intangible assets

EPLI

Employment Practices Liability Insurance

EPS

Earnings Per Share

ERISA

Employee Retirement Income Security Act

ERP

Enterprise Resource Planning

ESPP

Employee stock purchase plan

ETR

Effective tax rate

FASB

Financial Accounting Standards Board

FFCRA

Families First Coronavirus Response Act

FLSA

Fair Labor Standards Act

G&amp;A

General and administrative

GAAP

Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States

HCM

Human capital management

HIPAA

Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act

HITECH Act

Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act

HR

Human Resources

HRIS

Human resources information system

HRIS User

A client employee who is not co-employed by a TriNet PEO (for example,

employees of a TriNet Zenefits client)

IBNP

Incurred but not yet paid

IBNR

Incurred but not yet reported

ICR

Insurance cost ratio

IGP

Indemnity Guarantee Payment

IOM

Integrated Open Market brokered benefit offering

IRS

Internal Revenue Service

ICR

Insurance cost ratio

ISR

Insurance service revenues

LDF

Loss development factor

LIBOR

London Inter-bank Offered Rate

MCT

Medical cost trend

MD&amp;A

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of

Operations

OE

Operating expenses

PCAOB

Public Company Accounting Oversight Board

PEO

Professional Employer Organization

PFC

Payroll funds collected

PHI

Protected Health Information

PPP

Paycheck Protection Program, a loan program administered by the U.S. Small

Business Administration

PPPFA

Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act

PSR

Professional service revenues

R&amp;D

Research and Development

Recovery Credit

Our 2020 Recovery Credit to provide eligible clients with one-time reductions against fees for future services

Recovery Credits

Collectively, our Recovery Credit, 2021 Credits, and 2022 Credits

Reg FD

Regulation Fair Disclosure

ROU

Right-of-use

RSA

Restricted Stock Award

RSU

Restricted Stock Unit

SBA

U.S. Small Business Administration

SBC

Stock Based Compensation

S&amp;M

Sales and marketing

S&amp;P

Standard &amp; Poor's

SD&amp;P

Systems development and programming

SEC

U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission

SMB

Small and medium-size business

TCJA

Tax Cuts and Jobs Act

U.S.

United States

WSE

A worksite employee who is co-employed by a TriNet PEO

YTD

Year to date

Zenefits

YourPeople, Inc. (dba Zenefits) and its subsidiaries

## Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

For purposes of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (Form 10-K), the terms 'TriNet,' 'the Company,' 'we,' 'us' and 'our' refer to TriNet Group, Inc., and its subsidiaries. This Form 10-K contains statements that are not historical in nature, are predictive in nature, or that depend upon or refer to future events or conditions or otherwise contain forwardlooking statements within the meaning of Section 21 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to, 'ability,' 'anticipate,' 'believe,' 'can,' 'continue,' 'could,' 'design,' 'estimate,' 'expect,' 'forecast,'  'hope,'  'impact,'  'intend,'  'may,'  'outlook,'  'plan,'  'potential,'  'predict,'  'project,'  'seek,'  'should,' 'strategy,' 'target,' 'value,' 'will,' 'would' and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, TriNet's expectations regarding: market response to new support, service and product offerings, including our Enrich, IOM and tax credit products; the impact of the Zenefits and Clarus R+D acquisitions on our business; our ability to successfully diversify our overall service and technology offerings to support SMBs throughout their lifecycle; our plans and ability to grow our client base; the impact of our annual TriNet PeopleForce conference; our expectations regarding medical utilization rates by our WSEs; the effect that our stock repurchase and tender offer programs will have on our business; the impact of our vertical approach; our ability to leverage our scale and industry HR experience to deliver vertical focused offerings; planned improvements to our technology platform and HRIS software; the implementation of our ERP system and its impact on our internal financial controls and operations; our ability to improve operating efficiencies; the impact of our client service initiatives and whether they enhance client experience and satisfaction; our continued ability to provide access to a broad range of benefit programs on a cost-effective basis; our expectations regarding the volume and severity of insurance claims and insurance claim trends; the effectiveness of our risk strategies for, and management of, workers' compensation, health benefit insurance costs and deductibles, and EPLI risk; the metrics that may be indicators  of  future  financial  performance;  the  relative  value  of  our  benefit  offerings  versus  those  SMBs  can independently obtain; the impact that our benefit offerings have for SMBs seeking to attract and retain employees; the principal competitive drivers in our market; our plans to grow net new clients, and manage client attrition; our investment strategy and its impact on our ability to generate future interest income, net income, and Adjusted EBITDA; seasonal trends and their impact on our business; fluctuations in the period-to-period timing of when we incur certain operating  expenses;  the  estimates  and  assumptions  we  use  to  prepare  our  financial  statements;  and  other expectations, outlooks and forecasts on our future business, operational and financial performance.

Important factors that could cause actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements are discussed above and throughout this Form 10-K, including under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, and Part II, Item 7. MD&amp;A, and in the other periodic filings we make with the SEC, and including risk factors associated with: our ability to manage unexpected changes in workers' compensation  and  health  insurance  claims  and  costs  by  worksite  employees;  our  ability  to  mitigate  the  unique business risks we face as a co-employer; the effects of volatility in the financial and economic environment on the businesses that make up our client base; loss of clients for reasons beyond our control and the short-term contracts we typically  use  with  our  clients;  the  impact  of  regional  or  industry-specific  economic  and  health  factors  on  our operations; the impact of failures or limitations in the business systems and centers we rely upon; the impact of our Recovery  Credits  on  our  business  and  client  loyalty  and  retention;  changes  in  our  insurance  coverage  or  our relationships  with  key  insurance  carriers;  our  ability  to  improve  our  services  and  technology  to  satisfy  client  and regulatory expectations; our ability to effectively integrate businesses we have acquired or may acquire in the future; our ability to effectively manage and improve our operational effectiveness and resiliency; our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the effects of increased competition and our ability to compete effectively; the impact on our business of cyber-attacks, breaches, disclosures and other data-related incidents; our ability to protect against and  remediate  cyber-attacks,  breaches,  disclosures  and  other  data-related  incidents,  whether  intentional  or inadvertent and whether attributable to us or our service providers; our ability to comply with evolving data privacy

and security laws; our ability to manage changes in, uncertainty regarding, or adverse application of the complex laws and regulations that govern our business; changing laws and regulations governing health insurance and employee benefits; our ability to be recognized as an employer of worksite employees and for our benefits plans to satisfy all requirements under federal and state regulations; changes in the laws and regulations that govern what it means to be an employer, employee or independent contractor; the impact of new and changing laws regarding remote work; our ability to comply with the licensing requirements that govern our HCM solutions; the outcome of existing and future legal and tax proceedings; fluctuation in our results of operations and stock price due to factors outside of our control; our  ability  to  comply  with  the  restrictions  of  our  credit  facility  and  meet  our  debt  obligations;  and  the  impact  of concentrated ownership in our stock by Atairos and other large stockholders. Any of these factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from our anticipated results.

Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, but are based on management's expectations as of the date of this Form 10-K and assumptions that are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from our current expectations and any past results, performance or achievements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.

The information provided in this Form 10-K is based upon the facts and circumstances known as of the date of this Form 10-K, and any forward-looking statements made by us in this Form 10-K speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any of the information provided in this Form 10-K, except as required by law.

The MD&amp;A of this Form 10-K includes references to our performance measures presented in conformity with GAAP and other non-GAAP financial measures that we use to manage our business, to make planning decisions, to allocate resources  and  to  use  as  performance  measures  in  our  executive  compensation  plans.  Refer  to  the  Non-GAAP Financial Measures within our MD&amp;A for definitions and reconciliations from GAAP measures.

## Website Disclosures

We use our website (www.trinet.com) to announce material non-public information to the public and to comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure (Reg FD). We also use our website to communicate with the public about our Company, our services, and other matters. Our SEC filings, press releases and recent public conference calls and webcasts can also be found on our website. The information we post on our website could be deemed to be material information under Reg FD. We encourage investors and others interested in our Company to review the information we post on our website. Information contained in or accessible through our website is not a part of this report.

## Item 1. Business

TriNet is a leading provider of comprehensive and flexible HCM solutions designed to address a wide range of SMB needs as they change over time. Our flexible HCM solutions free SMBs from HR complexities and empower SMBs to focus on what matters most - growing their business and enabling their people.

TriNet  offers  access  to  human  capital  expertise,  benefits,  payroll,  risk  mitigation  and  compliance,  all  enabled  by industry leading technology c apabilities. TriNet's suite of products also includes services and software -based solutions to help streamline workflows by connecting HR, benefits, payroll, time and attendance, and employee engagement. Clients can use our industry tailored PEO services and technology platform to receive the full benefit of our HCM services enabling their WSEs to participate in our TriNet-sponsored employee benefit plans. Clients can alternatively choose to use our self-directed, cloud-based HRIS software solution and add HR services such as payroll and access to benefits management as needed. By providing PEO and HRIS services, we believe that we can support a wider range of SMBs and create a pipeline of HRIS clients that may be able to benefit from and transition to TriNet's highertouch PEO services at future points in their business lifecycle.

Since our founding in 1988, TriNet has served, and continues to serve, thousands of SMBs. In 2022, we processed $73 billion in payroll and payroll taxes for our clients and ended the year with approximately 22,000 clients, 348,700 WSEs and 248,500 HRIS Users primarily in the U.S.

## Our Service Models

We deliver a comprehensive suite of HCM services that help our clients administer and manage various HR-related needs and functions, such as compensation, benefits, payroll processing, tax credit support, employee data, health insurance, workers' compensation,  EPLI and other  employment risk mitigation  programs,  employee performance management and training, on-boarding and off-boarding, and other transactional HR needs using our PEO and HRIS technology platforms and our HCM, benefits and compliance expertise.

We deliver our services through two primary models, higher-touch PEO services and our more self-directed HRIS services.

## PEO Services

TriNet has focused almost exclusively on the PEO business since its formation and PEO services remain our core business. Our PEO services offer clients our most complete HCM solution generally including all of the services described below, including providing their WSEs with access to our TriNet-sponsored employee benefits plans. We leverage our scale and industry HR experience to deliver our PEO service offerings tailored for SMBs in specific industry verticals. We believe our vertical approach is a key differentiator for us and creates additional value for our clients by addressing their industry-specific HR needs. We offer six industry-tailored vertical PEO services: TriNet Financial Services, TriNet Life Sciences, TriNet Main Street, TriNet Nonprofit, TriNet Professional Services, and TriNet Technology.

## HRIS Services

Our HRIS services primarily consist of our TriNet Zenefits solutions, which offer clients access to our self-directed, cloud-based HRIS software solution to manage their HR needs and the option to add additional services such as payroll processing and benefits management tools to provide HCM solutions that grow dynamically over time based on the needs of our clients. Our HRIS services do not include access to our co-employment services, or access to our TriNet sponsored health benefit plans. These services can also include tax credit support via our Clarus R+D

## PART I

team and cloud-based software.

## Our Services

Our comprehensive HR solutions include the following capabilities:

<!-- image -->

HR CONSULTING EXPERTISE

<!-- image -->

BENEFIT OPTIONS

<!-- image -->

## HR Consulting Expertise

We  use  the  collective  knowledge  and  experience  of  our  teams  of  HR,  benefits,  payroll,  risk  management  and compliance professionals to help  our PEO and HRIS clients manage many of the administrative, regulatory and practical requirements associated with being employers. We do this by incorporating our knowledge and experience into our services and our technology platforms and by making our professionals available to consult with clients on a variety of HR needs, including talent management, retention and terminations, benefits enrollment, immigration and visas, payroll tax credits, employment compliance and regulatory developments and many other industry-specific and general HR topics. Depending on their needs, our clients, WSEs and HRIS Users have access to varying levels of service  and  support  from  our  professionals,  ranging  from  call  center  support  to  pooled  HR  resources.  Our professionals also provide additional specialized HR consulting services upon request.

<!-- image -->

## Benefit Options

In our PEO business, we utilize our scale to provide our WSEs access to a broad range of TriNet-sponsored employee benefit and insurance programs with choice and at costs that we believe most of our clients would be unable to obtain on their own. We believe that our TriNet-sponsored programs help our PEO clients compete for talent against larger businesses. Our benefit and insurance programs are designed to comply with federal, state and local regulations, and our benefit and insurance service offerings include plan selection and administration, enrollment management, leave management, plan document distribution and WSE and client communications.

Under these benefit and insurance programs, we pay third-party insurance carriers for WSE insurance benefits and reimburse insurance carriers or third-party administrators for claims payments within our insurance deductible layer, where applicable.

We sponsor and administer several employee benefit plans for our WSEs through a broad range of carriers, including group health, dental, vision, short- and long-term disability, and life insurance as an employer plan sponsor under Section 3(5) of ERISA. We also provide for other benefit programs to be made available to WSEs, including flexible spending  accounts,  health  savings  accounts,  retirement  benefits,  COBRA  benefits , supplemental  insurance, commuter benefits, home insurance, critical illness insurance, accident insurance, hospital indemnity, pet insurance, and auto insurance. For further discussion of our insurance programs, including policies where we reimburse our carriers  for  certain  amounts  relating  to  claims,  refer  to  Note  1  in  Part  II,  Item  8.  Financial  Statements  and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K.

We also offer PEO clients the option to obtain their own client-sponsored benefits through our IOM product. Our IOM clients receive PEO services like HR, payroll, payroll tax, and risk management from TriNet while obtaining clientsponsored health benefits from a third-party broker.

<!-- image -->

PAYROLL SERVICES

RISK MITIGATION

<!-- image -->

TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM

<!-- image -->

Our HRIS clients use our HRIS software solution to manage their own selected group health plans. For our HRIS clients, we provide access to benefit programs for HRIS Users where we are not an employer plan sponsor under ERISA,  such  as  flexible  spending  accounts,  health  savings  accounts,  retirement  benefits,  COBRA  benefits , supplemental insurance, commuter benefits, critical illness insurance, accident insurance, and hospital indemnity.

## Payroll Services

We help our PEO and HRIS clients manage their employee compensation by providing multi-state payroll processing, tax  administration  and  tax  credit  services  and  other  payroll-related  services,  such  as  time  and  attendance management, time off and overtime tracking, and expense management solutions. Our clients, WSEs, and HRIS Users can access payroll and tax information using our various online and mobile tools. Our payroll tax administration and tax credit services include calculating, withholding, remitting and reporting certain federal, state and local payroll and unemployment taxes on behalf of clients, WSEs, and HRIS Users. While all of our PEO clients receive payroll and  payroll  tax  administration  tax  services,  our  HRIS  clients  can  choose  whether  to  manage  these  services themselves.

Through our recently acquired Clarus R+D business, we also help SMBs take advantage of federal and state payroll tax credits, particularly PATH Act R&amp;D tax credits, one of the largest payroll tax incentives available to US businesses. Clarus R+D uses its own software solution and payroll tax experts to support clients and help them determine their tax credits. SMBs do not need to use TriNet's PEO or HRIS services to use Clarus R+D.

## Risk Mitigation

We monitor employment-related legal and regulatory developments at the federal, state, and local levels to help our PEO and  HRIS  clients  comply  with  employment  laws  and  mitigate  many  of  the  risks  associated  with  being  an employer. We provide HR guidance on employment laws and regulations, such as those relating to minimum wage, unemployment insurance, family and medical leave and anti-discrimination. For our PEO clients, we also ensure that our  TriNet-sponsored  benefit  plans  comply  with  applicable  laws  and  regulations,  like  the  ACA,  reducing  this compliance burden to our clients.

Our PEO services provide fully-insured workers' compensation insurance coverage for our clients and WSEs through insurance  policies  that  we  negotiate  with  third-party  insurance  carriers.  We  manage  the  deductible  risk  that  we assume in connection with these policies by being selective in the types of businesses that we take on as new clients, and  by  monitoring  claims  data  and  the  performance  of  our  carriers  and  third-party  claims  management  service providers. In addition, we advise clients on workers' compensation best practices, including by performing workplace assessment  consultations  and  assisting  with  client  efforts  to  identify  conditions  or  practices  that  might  lead  to employee injuries.

We also provide EPLI coverage for our PEO clients through an insurance policy that we obtain from a third-party EPLI carrier. This policy provides coverage for certain claims that arise in the course of the employment relationship, such as discrimination, harassment, and certain other employee claims, with a per-claim retention amount. The retention amount under this policy, which functions like a deductible, is allocated on a pre-determined basis between the client and TriNet. Our professionals assist our clients in implementing HR best practices to help avoid and reduce the cost of employment-related liabilities. Our preferred outside employment law firms defend covered EPLI claims.

<!-- image -->

We use separate technology platforms for our PEO and HRIS clients. Our PEO technology platform includes online and mobile tools that allow our clients and WSEs to store, view, and manage HR information and administer a variety of HR transactions, such as payroll processing, tax administration, tax credits, employee onboarding and termination, employee  performance,  time  and  attendance,  compensation  reporting,  expense  management,  and  benefits enrollment and administration. Our online tools also incorporate workforce analytics, allowing PEO clients to generate HR data, payroll, total compensation and other custom reports.

Our HRIS software allows our HRIS clients to manage most of the same functions as our PEO technology platform and it is optimized to provide HRIS clients with customizable and flexible reporting tools and analytics to fit specific client needs. Clarus R+D uses its own cloud-based software platform to simplify and support various state and federal tax credits for SMBs.

We continually invest time and resources to improve and expand all of our technology platforms and the products and services that we offer to our PEO and HRIS clients.

## Our PEO Co-Employment Model

Our  PEO  services  operate  using  a  co-employment  model,  under  which  employment-related  responsibilities  are allocated by contract between us and our PEO clients. The co-employment model allows WSEs to receive the full benefit of our services, including providing WSEs with access to TriNet-sponsored employee benefit plan offerings. Each of our PEO clients enters into a client service agreement with us that defines the suite of services and benefits to be provided by us, the fees payable to us, and the division of responsibilities between us and our clients as coemployers. WSEs also separately acknowledge the co-employment relationship and the allocation of employmentrelated  responsibilities  between  TriNet  and  our  clients.  The  division  of  responsibilities  under  our  client  service agreements is typically as follows:

## TriNet Responsibilities

We generally assume responsibility for, and manage certain risks associated with:

- payments of salaries, wages and certain other compensation to WSEs from our own bank accounts (based on client reports and payments), including the processing of garnishment and wage deduction orders,
- reporting of wages, withholding and deposit of associated payroll taxes as the employer of record,
- provision and maintenance of workers' compensation insurance and workers' compensation claims processing,
- access to, and administration of, group health, welfare, and retirement benefits to WSEs under TriNet-sponsored benefit plans,
- compliance with applicable law for certain TriNet-sponsored employee benefits offered to WSEs,
- administration of unemployment claims, and
- provision  of  various  HR  policies  and  agreements,  including  employee  handbooks  and  worksite  employee agreements describing the co-employment relationship.

## Client Responsibilities

Our clients  are  responsible  for  employment-related  responsibilities  that  we  do  not  specifically  assume,  generally including:

- day-to-day management of their worksites and WSEs,
- compliance with laws associated with the classification of employees as exempt or non-exempt, such as overtime pay and minimum wage law compliance,
- accurate and timely reporting to TriNet of compensation and deduction information, including information relating to hours worked, rates of pay, salaries, wages and other compensation, and work locations,
- accurate  and  timely  reporting  to  TriNet  of  information  relating  to  workplace  injuries,  employee  hires  and termination, and certain other information relevant to TriNet's services,
- provision and administration of any employee benefits not provided by TriNet, such as equity incentive plans,
- compliance  with  all  laws  and  regulations  applicable  to  the  clients'  workplace  and  business,  including  work eligibility laws, laws relating to workplace safety or the environment, laws relating to family and medical leave, laws  pertaining  to  employee  organizing  efforts  and  collective  bargaining  and  employee  termination  notice requirements,
- payment of TriNet invoices, which include salary, wages and other relevant compensation to WSEs and applicable employment taxes and service fees, and
- all other matters for which TriNet does not assume responsibility under the client service agreement, such as intellectual property ownership and protection and liability for products produced and services provided by the client company to its own clients.

As a result of co-employment relationships for PEO services, we are liable for payment of salary, wages and certain other compensation to the WSEs as reported and paid to us by our client, and we are responsible for providing specified employee benefits to such persons to the extent provided in each client service agreement and under federal and state law. In most instances, clients are required to remit payment prior to the applicable payroll date by wire transfer or ACH.

For our PEO services, we also assume responsibility for payment and liability for the withholding and remittance of federal and state income and employment taxes with respect to salaries, wages and certain other compensation paid to  WSEs, although we reserve the right to seek recourse against our clients for any liabilities arising out of their conduct. We perform these functions as the statutory employer for federal employment tax purposes, since our clients transfer legal control over these payroll functions to us. The laws that govern the payment of salaries, wages and related  payroll  taxes  for  our  WSEs  are  complex  and  the  various  federal,  state  and  local  laws  that  govern  such payments can vary significantly. Based on applicable law in any jurisdiction, we or our client may be held ultimately liable for those obligations if we fail to remit taxes.

Our HRIS services do not involve co-employment, and this reduces the responsibility and liability that we assume when providing these services. For example, while our software may facilitate payroll processing for HRIS clients, TriNet  is  not  the  employer  of  record  and  acts  only  in  a  software  provider  role.  HRIS  clients  generally  remain responsible for, among other things, payroll funding, workers' compensation insurance, obtaining and administering group health, welfare and retirement benefits, administering unemployment claims, and in some cases payroll tax reporting. The higher level of responsibility that our PEOs assume, and risks that our PEOs manage, for our PEO clients is a key differentiator between our PEO and HRIS services.

## Market Trends and Developments Affecting Our Business in 2022

The U.S. economy experienced significantly slower growth in 2022 than 2021. While the economic disruption of the COVID-19  pandemic  waned,  higher  interest  rates,  intended  to  slow  inflation,  began  to  make  an  impact  on  the economy. In addition, 2022 saw a decrease in federal and state legislative efforts to help businesses and employees impacted from the pandemic along with increase in federal and state legislative  efforts  in  areas  that  impact  our business, such as data privacy, employer status and PEO benefit plans. We observed the following industry trends in 2022:

- SMB Economic Performance . While U.S. economic growth slowed, SMB's continued to hire, albeit at significantly lower levels than in 2021. The extent of hiring differed based on industry and geographic region. For example, SMBs  in  the  leisure  and  hospitality  industries  generally  experienced  greater  rebounds  in  hiring  than  other industries in 2022 as they recovered from the significant headcount freezes, furloughs and terminations in 2020 and 2021. In addition, relatively low unemployment rates created difficulties in finding qualified candidates.
- Continued Insurance Cost Variability and Volatility . While our health insurance plans experienced an increased amount of medical claims in 2022, our insurance costs remained below our projections. We believe this occurred in part as a result of constraints on access to medical services and systems early in 2022, particularly in regions that  saw  shortages  in  active  medical  personnel.  We  set  our  fees  based  in  part  on  our  projections  regarding insurance costs, and the claims experience of our health insurance plans did not develop at the same rate as our fee increases in 2022.
- Increase in Severity and Frequency of Workers' Compensation Claims . In 2022, we experienced a slight increase in both the severity and frequency of workers' compensation claims as more worksite employers returned to inperson work. Workers' compensation claims may have also been impacted by state regulations and laws as many states extended workers' compensation coverage to remote employees and to COVID-19 claims.
- Tax Credit Backlogs . Many of the key economic assistance programs that SMBs relied on during the COVID-19 pandemic expired before 2022, including FFCRA paid leave and tax credit programs, CARES Act employee retention  tax  credit  programs,  and  PPP  loan  programs. Although  these  programs  have  expired,  processing backlogs at the IRS have resulting in many SMBs, including some of our clients, continuing to wait to receive their tax credits. In some cases, SMB may also still participate in these programs retroactively via payroll tax filing amendments. As a result, we expect to continue to devote substantial time and resources to helping our clients file and recover these tax credits.
- Privacy Laws and Regulations . We have seen increased focus at every level of government inside and outside of the United States on regulating the collection, storage, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of confidential, sensitive and personal information, such as the California CCPA and CPRA and new data privacy rules in Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah, all of which become effective in 2023. As the patchwork of state privacy laws becomes increasingly complex, we expect the cost of complying with all of the requirements and the likelihood of compliance failures to rise.
- Joint  Employer  and  Independent  Contractor  Regulations .  We  also  saw  continued  significant  litigation  and uncertainty  relating  to  the  current  federal  rules  and  guidelines  around  both  independent  contractor  and  joint employer status. Recently, the DOL proposed a new rule for determining independent contractor status and the DOL also indicated that it may propose new regulations that address white collar minimum wage and overtime exemptions under the FLSA. Meanwhile, the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) has proposed a new rule for  determining whether two businesses are joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA). Standards for determining independent contractor and joint employer status vary from law to law and state to state, and changes to and new interpretations of these standards can limit the client workers to which we can provide services and increase claims that we are an employer or joint employer of PEO client WSEs.

- PEO Benefit Plan Legislation. We saw increased state efforts to regulate PEO health plans in 2022. New Mexico regulators  published  rules  that  will,  starting  in  2024,  treat  PEO  health  plans  as  multiple  employer  welfare arrangements (MEWAs) and prohibit PEOs from allowing WSEs of small group SMBs to participate in PEO sponsored large group market health plans; the New Mexico legislature is considering a bill that will eliminate this prohibition for PEOs that register as MEWAs under state law. Meanwhile, New York regulators also requested data from insurance carriers on PEO health insurance practices. State regulations on PEO health plans can limit our options for providing TriNet sponsored benefits to our PEO clients or eliminate those benefits entirely, so we devote substantial time and resources to monitor and respond to these developments. We expect to continue to see similar legislative and regulatory efforts across the country.

For more information regarding the developments above, refer to Part II, Item 7. MD&amp;A in this Form 10-K, and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors.

## Our Technology and Service Development Efforts

We continued  to  make  significant  investments  in  our  PEO  technology  platform  and  HRIS  software  with  projects intended to provide our clients, WSEs, and HRIS Users with enhanced functionality, ease of use, HR management options,  security  and  an  overall  enhanced  experience.  We  intend  to  continue  making  these  and  other  similar investments in 2023 and beyond. We believe the continued investment in improving our technology platform and HRIS software will drive operating efficiencies and improve client retention and satisfaction over the long term.

Our cloud-based HRIS software allows us to diversify our product and service offerings by offering HCM services without using a co-employment model. We believe this enables us to expand the SMBs we serve and dynamically service SMBs throughout a larger portion of their lifecycle. Additionally, our Clarus R+D cloud-based tax support software allows us to better serve our existing SMB clients and to serve SMBs that may not need our PEO or HRIS services. The new services we provide through our HRIS software and Clarus R+D also creates a potential pipeline of SMB clients that may benefit from, and transition to, TriNet's higher-touch PEO services at future points in their lifecycle.

## Our Clients and Geographies

Our clients are distributed across a variety of industries. We support these different clients using our suite of HCM offerings, including our industry-tailored vertical approach for our PEO services and our HRIS software and services. Our PEO clients generally execute annual service contracts with us that automatically renew. In most cases, our PEO clients may cancel these contracts with 30 days' notice to us and we may cancel these contracts with 30 days' notice. Our HRIS clients execute contracts with monthly or annual terms and clients can typically cancel these contracts with 30 days' notice to us. In some cases, our clients may incur early termination fees.

Our  top  five  PEO  markets  are  California,  New  York,  Florida,  Texas  and  Massachusetts,  which  account  for approximately 65% of our total WSEs for the year ended December 31, 2022. Nearly all of our revenues are generated within the United States and its territories and substantially all our long-lived assets are located in the United States.

## Our Competitors

We face competition from:

- PEOs that compete directly with us,
- HRIS software providers that compete directly with us,
- payroll processing agents and other HCM services providers that do not use a PEO model,

- HR and information systems departments and personnel of companies that administer employee benefits, payroll and HR for their companies in-house,
- providers of certain endpoint HR services, including payroll, employee benefits, business process outsourcers with high-volume transaction and administrative capabilities, and other third-party administrators, and
- insurance brokers who allow third-party HR systems to integrate with their technology platform.

PEO services remain our core business and other PEOs continue to represent our most significant competition. Our PEO service competitors include large PEOs such as the TotalSource unit of Automatic Data Processing, Inc., the PEO operations of Paychex, Inc. and Insperity, Inc., as well as numerous specialized and smaller PEOs and similar HR service providers with PEO operations.

Our HRIS service competitors include software and HCM service providers such as Rippling, Gusto, Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Bamboo in addition to smaller national and local providers.

Our tax credit services face competition from large CPA firms, such as PWC, E&amp;Y, Moss Adams, and KPMG and smaller software companies and CPA firms, such as alliantgroup, Ardius, Cherry Bekaert and Eide Bailly.

We believe that a key reason why our PEO services are attractive to SMBs is because of our ability to provide access to a broad range of TriNet-sponsored workers compensation, health insurance and other benefits programs on a costeffective basis. We compete with insurance brokers and other providers of insurance and benefits coverage, and our PEO offerings must be priced competitively with those provided by these competitors in order for us to attract and retain our clients.

Our PEO clients are typically looking for high-touch HR compliance and services support, TriNet sponsored employee benefits, TriNet responsibility for processing payroll and payroll taxes as a co-employer, and access to EPLI claims support and other substantial HR services. By contrast, many of our HRIS clients are looking for more self-directed, focused and less expensive HRIS access and payroll support services. We do not co-employ our HRIS Users and do not provide TriNet sponsored health benefits, workers' compensation coverage or EPLI. As a result, our HRIS product competes with a wider array of HCM companies and HRIS providers outside of the PEO industry.

For additional information about our competition, please refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Form 10-K, under the  heading  -  " We must  continue  to  work  to  improve  our  services  to  meet  the  expectations  of  our  clients  and regulators, or we may lose our clients and materially harm our business".

## Our Sales and Marketing Organizations

We sell our solutions primarily online and through our direct sales organization. We have aligned our PEO sales organization by industry vertical and unique product offerings with the goal of growing profitable market share in targeted industries. Our PEO vertical approach deepens our network of relationships and gives us an understanding of the unique HR needs facing SMBs in those industries. Our sales representatives are supported by marketing, lead generation efforts, and referral sources and networks. We increasingly use technology and remote communication tools to engage with customers and prospects virtually.

We typically sponsor and participate in associations and events around the country to promote our PEO and HRIS services and we also utilize these forums to target specific vertical and geographic markets. Events include our 3 rd Annual TriNet PeopleForce conference, and informational webinars periodically throughout the year on a wide variety of business topics relevant to our SMB prospects and clients. We also generate sales opportunities, and promote brand awareness, client retention and build our reputation as HCM thought leaders, within key industry verticals, through marketing alliances and other indirect channels, such as accounting firms, venture capital firms, incubators, insurance  brokers,  and  vertical  market  industry  associations. Additionally,  we  utilize  digital  marketing  programs, including digital advertising, search and email marketing, to create awareness and interest in all of our services.

Our  marketing  and  corporate  communications  organization  is  charged  with  driving  overall  brand  awareness, managing lead generation, creating and managing our website and other online properties, creating content for all marketing and communication channels including our outbound and inbound marketing efforts, media relations, and managing  our  sponsorships,  major  marketing  events,  and  internal  and  external  communications.  SMBs  are increasingly using digital tools like tele-presence and web engagements and we work to engage with SMBs in these ways.  In  2022,  we  launched  numerous  digital  channels  for  engagement,  including  conversational  marketing enhancements on our website in response to customers' changing preferences. Our marketing team also focused on strategic marketing, communications via social media, branding initiatives, and crisis communication plans, in part by augmenting our comprehensive company brand campaign, Incredible Starts Here, with our marketing campaign, People Matter, that included omni-channel initiatives using social media, digital, television, radio and out-of-home media.

## The Laws and Regulations that Affect Our Business

Our business operates in a complex legal and regulatory environment due to a myriad of federal, state and local laws and regulations that impact our business. Below is a summary of what we believe are the most important legal and regulatory  issues  specific  to  our  business.  For  additional  information  on  the  impact  of  these  and  other  laws  and regulations on our business and results of operations, refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Form 10-K, under the heading - " Legal and Compliance Risks".

## Employer Status under ERISA and State Laws

As part of our PEO services, we sponsor employee benefit plan offerings as the employer of our WSEs under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), ERISA and applicable state law. The term 'employer' has different definitions for different purposes under the Code and ERISA, and for most purposes are interpreted under complex  multi-factor  tests  under  common  law. As  an  employer  of  WSEs,  we  must  manage  our  benefit  plans  in accordance  with  ERISA  requirements,  which  can  impact  how  we  fulfill  plan  obligations,  how  we  price  services, whether and how we use discretionary credits, the features of our benefit plans, and how we administer and operate our plans. We believe we manage our benefit plans in accordance with ERISA requirements and that we are an employer of our WSEs in the U.S. under the Code, the employer of our WSEs in the U.S. for the purposes of ERISA, as well as qualifying as an employer under various state laws, but this status could be subject to challenge by various regulators. We believe that our benefit plans are exempt from many state regulations under ERISA, but our position could be challenged by state regulators or as a result of new laws, regulations, agency guidance, audits or caselaw at the federal and state levels. For additional information on our state and federal employer status and the ERISA and other state requirements that apply to us and their collective impact on our business and results of operations, refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Form 10-K, under the heading - " If we are not recognized as an employer of worksite employees, and if our benefit plans are deemed to not satisfy plan requirements, under federal and state regulations, we and our clients could be adversely impacted".

## Health Insurance and Health Care Reform

Our sponsored employee health and welfare offerings are an important component of the services that we provide. The future  of  health  care  reform  continues  to  evolve  in  the  U.S.  For  example, the  passage  of  the ACA  in  2010 implemented  sweeping  health  care  reforms  with  staggered  effective  dates  from  2010  through  2022,  and  many provisions  in  the ACA  are  still  subject  to  the  issuance  of  additional  guidance  from  the  DOL,  the  IRS,  the  U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and various U.S. states. Passage of the TCJA in 2017 eliminated the individual mandate tax penalty under the ACA beginning in 2019, while retaining employer ACA mandate obligations. States  have  developed,  and  will  continue  to  develop,  varying  approaches  to  state-based  health  exchanges  and mandates. Further significant changes to health care statutes, regulations and policy at the federal, state and local levels could occur in 2023 and beyond, including the potential further modification or amendment of the ACA, and we may need to adapt the manner in which we conduct our business as a result of any such changes. For additional information on health care reform and its impact on our business and results of operations, refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Form 10-K, under the heading - " Changing laws and regulations governing health insurance and other traditional employee benefits at the federal, state and local level could negatively affect our business".

## Data Privacy and Security Regulations

We collect, store, use, retain, disclose, transfer and otherwise process a significant amount of confidential, sensitive and personal information from and about our actual and potential clients, WSEs, HRIS Users and colleagues, and we are subject to a variety of federal, state and foreign laws, rules, and regulations in connection with such activities. As a sponsor of employee benefit plans, we also have access to certain protected health information (PHI) of our WSEs and colleagues. Management of PHI is subject to several regulations at the federal level, including HIPAA and the HITECH Act. HIPAA contains restrictions and health data privacy, security and breach notification requirements with respect to the use and disclosure of PHI. Further, there are penalties and fines for HIPAA violations. Because TriNet sponsored health plans are covered entities under HIPAA, we are required to comply with HIPAA's portability, privacy, and security requirements. We are also subject, among other applicable federal laws, rules and regulations, to the rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade Commission. Several federal and state agencies have issued or are considering rules, regulations or other forms of guidance that may impact the privacy and  security  obligations  and  disclosures  that  apply  to  our  operations.  We  expect  that  the  federal  government's approach to data privacy and security will continue to evolve in the coming years.

At the state and local level, there is increased focus on regulating the collection, storage, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of confidential, sensitive and personal information. In recent years, many states have proposed or enacted new laws or amended existing laws, such as the California CCPA and CPRA and new data privacy rules in Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah, all of which become effective in 2023. As the state privacy laws becomes increasingly complex, we expect the cost of complying with all of the requirements and the likelihood of compliance failures to rise. New federal, state and local data privacy security laws impose, or have the potential to impose, additional obligations on companies like TriNet that collect, store, use, retain, disclose, transfer and otherwise process confidential, sensitive and personal information, and will continue to shape the data privacy environment nationally. Although there are similarities between the data privacy laws coming into effect in 2023 in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah (along with the laws that have been proposed in other states), there are also substantive aspects of the laws that differ markedly. This lack of uniformity, which we expect to continue as other states enact data privacy laws, creates significant legal complexities for companies like TriNet that operate nationwide and are required to comply with a patchwork of privacy laws. Moreover, all 50 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands and Canada have enacted data breach notification laws that may require us to notify WSEs, HRIS Users, clients, colleagues, third parties or regulators in the event of unauthorized access to or disclosure of personal or confidential information. Complying with existing and new data privacy and security regulations could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a

manner adverse to our business. For additional information on the privacy and security of the confidential, sensitive and personal information and PHI we possess and the potential impact to our business if we fail to protect such information, refer to each of the risk factors included in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Form 10-K, under the heading - " Data Privacy and Security Risks".

## Licensing Laws

Nearly all states have adopted laws and regulations for licensing, registration, certification or recognition of PEOs and the IRS has implemented a voluntary federal certification program for PEOs. We expect states without such laws and regulations to adopt them in the future. While these laws and regulations can vary widely, most regulators monitor the financial health and other relevant business information of PEOs on an annual or quarterly basis. In some cases, these  laws  and  regulations  codify  and  clarify  the  co-employment  relationship  for  certain  payroll,  unemployment, workers' compensation and other employment-related purposes or require specific client contractual terms and/or WSE disclosures. We believe we comply in all material respects with the applicable PEO laws and regulations in each state and jurisdiction in which we provide PEO services.

Every state regulates insurance practices conducted within their jurisdiction. While we do not broker insurance, certain of our PEO and HRIS services involve assisting our clients in obtaining and managing employee benefits We partner with brokers to provide these services and have elected to obtain state insurance licenses as a result. As each state's licensing  requirements  differ,  maintaining  current  licenses  is  complex  and  we  are  subject  to  insurance  audits, investigations and fines if we fail to comply with insurance license requirements.

Other state regulatory authorities impose licensing requirements on companies involved in the transmission of cash, such as banks, and other money transmitters. We do not believe that our current activities require any such licenses, but we and others in our industry have received inquiries from regulatory authorities in the past and could receive them in the future.

For additional information on the impact of licensing laws, refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Form 10-K, under the heading " If we do not comply with our regulatory license requirements, or if we are deemed to be operating in various non-PEO licensed industries without the required licenses, we and our clients could be adversely impacted ".

## Payroll Taxes, Unemployment Taxes and Payroll Tax Credits

We must also comply with the federal and state payroll tax and unemployment tax requirements that apply where our clients are located. Tax reform efforts, and other payroll tax changes, at the federal, state and local level can impact our payroll tax reporting obligations for our clients and the services we can provide. State unemployment tax rates vary  by  state  based,  in  part,  on  prior  years'  total  wages,  unemployment  taxes  paid  and  unemployment  claims experience and may also vary based on the overall claims experience of a PEO in states in which we are required to report and pay unemployment taxes using one of our accounts and rates. As a result, depending on where client WSEs perform services for our clients, the fees we charge PEO clients for unemployment taxes can be higher or lower than a client could obtain without use of a PEO. In some cases, taxing authorities can retroactively increase the unemployment taxes we pay to cover deficiencies in the unemployment tax funds. We also rely on our clients to accurately inform us of the work and residence locations for their WSEs and HRIS Users, and inaccurate information, whether due to remote work policies or otherwise, can impact our payroll tax obligations and the obligations of our clients, WSEs and HRIS Users.

We have seen a growing trend, particularly at the federal level, of using payroll tax credits, deferrals and other related payroll tax programs as a mechanism for incentivizing SMB development and/or economic recovery. These programs are popular because they allow SMBs, which often have business income tax losses, to realize benefits via payroll tax reductions, rather than business income tax reductions. As a result, many of our SMB clients require that we support  these  programs.  Examples  of  these  programs  include  the  federal  2015  PATH Act,  and  the  more  recent CARES Act and FFCRA Act. The PATH Act allows SMBs to use R&amp;D tax credits submitted on the SMB's business income tax return to reduce SMB payroll taxes. The CARES Act and FFCRA Act introduced payroll tax credit and employer Social Security deferral programs that allowed SMBs to receive payroll tax reductions and refunds or to defer the employer portion of Social Security based on qualifications and employment practices.

We act as the employer of record for federal payroll tax reporting for our PEO clients. This means that we file client tax credit claims, and pass tax credit refunds to our client and submit their Social Security deferral repayments based on information supplied by our clients, which we do not control. These programs have generally not been designed with the PEO industry in mind and these programs are subject to broad agency interpretations given their complexity. While our clients are contractually responsible to us for their errors in tax credit submissions and for repaying us for all rejected tax credits under our service contracts, taxing authorities may still look to TriNet for repayment and we may not be able to effectively enforce or collect on these obligations. For additional information tax credit programs, and the risks they post to our operations, refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Form 10-K, under the heading - " Our business is subject to numerous complex laws, and changes in, uncertainty regarding, or adverse application of these laws could negatively affect our business. "

## Other Employment Regulations

We must also comply with labor and employment laws, which can change frequently at the federal, state and local level.  In  particular  for  our  PEO  services,  regulatory  focus  on  the  classification  of  employers,  employees  and independent contractors has the potential to significantly change how we and other PEOs operate and the services that we and other PEOs can provide to our clients and WSEs. For example, California AB5 could potentially reclassify client independent contractors. In 2020, California voters passed Proposition 22, exempting certain contractors and business from AB5. The status of Proposition 22 remains unresolved as a state court ruling holding that Proposition 22 is unconstitutional and under appeal. Other states are considering, or have adopted, in the case of Alabama and Louisiana, new regulations or guidance changing the definition of employers, employees and independent contractors and such change in these definitions may impact our ability to provide certain PEO and HRIS services or products to certain employers or employees.

We must also comply with  state  and  federal  rules  and  guidelines  around  both  independent  contractor  and  joint employer status. Standards for determining independent contractor and joint employer status vary from law to law and state to state, and changes to and new interpretations of these standards can limit the client workers to which we can provide services and increase claims that we are an employer or joint employer of client WSEs or HRIS Users. For example, at the federal level the DOL recently proposed a new rule for determining independent contractor status and the DOL also indicated that it may propose new regulations that address white collar minimum wage and overtime exemptions under the FLSA. Meanwhile, the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) has proposed a new rule for determining whether two businesses are joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA). We do not believe that we are a joint employer under any law or rule, or that these rule changes impact our status as a coemployer. However, laws regarding independent contractor and joint employer status can impact the types of SMB workers we can service and the potential liability that we have for the actions of our SMB clients and their employees. For additional information, refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Form 10-K, under the heading - "

The definition of employers, employees and independent contractors is evolving. Changes to the laws and regulations that govern what it means to be an employer or an employee may require us to make significant changes in our operations and may negatively affect our business".

## Our Human Capital Resources

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 348,700 WSEs, 248,500 HRIS Users and 3,600 colleagues.

## Oversight and Management

At TriNet, we power the success of small and medium-sized business supporting their growth and enabling their people. Together, we strive to become the most trusted advisor to SMBs by harnessing the power of scale. We recognize the incredible opportunity that can only be realized by working together, with a shared view of how we support our clients, WSEs and HRIS Users. This is illustrated in our core values:

- Lead with the customer - We are accessible, responsive and empowered to serve our customers. We are successful when our customers are successful.
- Stand together - We bring together diverse backgrounds, experiences and ideas to create better outcomes. We collaborate across boundaries, communicate openly and respect each other.
- Act with integrity - We are honest, transparent, ethical and fair. We take pride in always doing what's right for our customers and colleagues.
- Make  an  impact  -  We  act  with  purpose,  are  deliberate  in  our  planning  and  quick  in  execution.  We  are accountable to each other and empowered to make decisions.
- Be incredible - We invest in the development of our colleagues. We push the boundaries of what's possible, lead the way and innovate to accomplish the extraordinary.

We regularly conduct surveys to seek feedback from our colleagues on a variety of topics, including confidence in company leadership, competitiveness of our compensation and benefits package, career growth opportunities and opportunities to improve the attractiveness of our company with existing and potential colleagues. The results are shared with our colleagues and reviewed by senior leadership, who analyze areas of progress or deterioration and prioritize  actions  and  activities  in  response  to  this  feedback  to  drive  meaningful  improvements  in  colleague engagement. None of our colleagues are covered by a collective bargaining agreement.

## Attracting and Retaining Our Colleagues

We must attract, develop and retain highly motivated and qualified colleagues to continue to provide the services that our clients need, to achieve our strategic objectives, and to grow our business. We do this by:

- offering  competitive  compensation  and  benefits  packages,  including  comprehensive  health  benefits  and  our 401(k) retirement savings plan, with an immediately vested employer match of up to 4% of cash compensation,
- supporting a pay for performance culture through the use of cash and equity incentives tied to the performance of our company and individual performance,
- offering an ESPP that allows our colleagues to purchase our shares at a discount to market value, which fosters a stronger sense of ownership and aligns the interests of our colleagues with our stockholders,
- investing  in  the  professional  growth  of  our  colleagues  with  tuition  and  continuing  education  reimbursement, wellbeing programs, and comprehensive training and development activities and opportunities both inside and outside of our company,
- creating  and  maintaining  a  diverse  and  inclusive  colleague  base  by,  for  example,  the  use  of  colleague-led resource groups and a diversity and inclusion training curriculum for our colleagues, and
- supporting workplace flexibility for  our colleagues by adopting remote work policies, and providing access to telemedicine services.

For more information about how we help our PEO and HRIS clients manage their own human capital resources and satisfy their own HR-related needs, see the section above titled ' Our Services '.

## Our Approach to Acquisitions

Historically, we have pursued acquisitions to expand our service capabilities, technology offerings, and supplement our growth. Our acquisition targets have included PEOs and other HR solution providers, as well as HCM technology and  service  companies,  such  as  Zenefits  and  Clarus  R+D,  to  supplement  or  enhance  our  existing  service  and technology solutions. We intend to continue to pursue acquisitions, where appropriate, that will enable us to add new clients, WSEs or HRIS Users, expand our presence in certain geographies or industry verticals, or expand our HCM technology capabilities and services offerings.

## The Impact of Seasonality on Our Business

Our business is affected by seasonality in client business activity, hiring and benefit selections, health claims costs and payroll taxes:

- PEO clients generally change their payroll service  providers at the beginning  of the  payroll tax and  benefits enrollment year; as a result, we have historically experienced our highest volumes of new clients and terminating clients in the month of January. Our HRIS clients are generally less affected by these considerations.
- WSEs select our TriNet-sponsored benefit plans during their respective open enrollment periods, which occur throughout the year. We have recently experienced the largest proportion of WSE benefit changes in the first and second quarters.
- Health claims costs tend to increase throughout the year as the utilization of medical services above each WSE's deductible causes our insurance costs to increase. In addition, the overall use of medical services by WSEs, including elective procedures, tends to increase later in the calendar year.
- Certain payroll tax related billings are based on annual taxable wage bases up to a set cap. WSEs and HRIS Users frequently meet these wage base caps in the first two quarters of the year, depending on the compensation level, resulting in lower related billing contributions to PSR in the latter half of the year.

## Our Owned and Licensed Intellectual Property

We own or  license  from  third  parties  various  software,  as  well  as  other  intellectual  property  rights,  used  in  our business. Generally, we protect our intellectual property rights through the use of confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements  and  policies  with  our  employees  and  third-party  partners  and  vendors.  We  also  own  registered trademarks in the United States, Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the European Union covering our name and other trademarks and logos that we believe are materially important to our operations. We generally protect our trademarks through federal registration or through the commercial use of our trademarks. Trademark registrations must generally be renewed every five to ten years and we renew the registration of trademarks that we deem to have continuing value to our business.

## Corporate and Other Available Information

We were incorporated in 1988 as TriNet Employer Group, Inc., a California corporation. We reincorporated as TriNet Merger Corporation, a Delaware corporation, in 2000 and during that year changed our name to TriNet Group, Inc. Our principal executive office is located at One Park Place, Suite 600, Dublin, CA 94568 and our telephone number is (510) 352-5000. Our website address is www.trinet.com. Information contained in or accessible through our website is not a part of this report.

Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports are available free of charge at investor.trinet.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Alternatively, the public may access these reports at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this report and are not part of this report.

## Item 1A. Risk Factors

Below is a discussion of the risks that we believe are significant to our business. These risks are not the only ones we face. We may face additional risks that we do not currently consider to be significant or of which we are not currently aware, and any of these risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical or anticipated results. You should carefully consider these risks along with the other information provided in this Form 10-K, including the information in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and our accompanying consolidated financial statements, as well as the information under the heading  " Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" before investing in any of our securities. We may amend, supplement or add to the risk factors described below from time to time in future reports filed with the SEC.

## Operational Risks

Unexpected changes in workers' compensation and health insurance costs and claims by worksite employees could harm our business.

Our insurance costs, which comprise a significant portion of our overall costs, are significantly affected by WSEs health and workers' compensation insurance claims experience. We use fully insured risk-based, and fully insured guaranteed-cost, insurance plans provided by third-party insurance carriers. Under risk-based policies, we agree to reimburse our carriers for  any claims paid within an  agreed-upon  per-person deductible  layer  up to a maximum aggregate exposure limit per policy. These deductible dollar limits and maximum limits vary by carrier and year. Under guaranteed-cost policies, our carriers establish the premiums, and we are not responsible for any deductible. Refer to Note 1 in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K for further discussion of these policies.

Under our risk-based health insurance policies, which make up the majority of our health plans and claims paid in 2022, we assume the risk of variability in future health claims costs for our enrollees. We have experienced variability, and may experience variability in the future, in the amounts that we are required to pay within our deductible layer under these policies. This variability arises from changes to the components of MCT, defined as changes in participant use of services, including the introduction of new treatment options, changes in treatment guidelines and mandates, and changes in the mix, cost of providing treatment, and timing of services provided to plan participants. MCT trends change over time, and other seasonal trends and variability may develop, which makes it difficult for us to predict this aspect of our business and our failure to accurately predict these trends could have a material adverse effect on our business,  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations.  For  example,  while  the  amount  of  medical  claims  we experienced increased in 2022, our insurance costs remained below expectations.

Under our fully insured workers' compensation insurance policies, we assume the risk for losses up to $1 million per claim occurrence (deductible layer). The ultimate cost of the workers' compensation services provided will not be known until all the claims are settled. If we do not accurately predict the risks that we assume, we may not charge adequate fees to cover our costs, which could reduce our net income and result in a material adverse effect on our business. Our ability to predict these costs is limited by unexpected increases in frequency or severity of claims, which can vary due to changes in the cost of treatments or claim settlements. For example, we experienced a slight increase in both the severity and frequency of workers' compensation claims in 2022 as more worksite employers returned to in-person work.

We accrue for the estimated future costs of reimbursing our workers' compensation and health insurance carriers under our insurance policies. In 2022, we began using internal actuaries to develop health insurance estimates and we continue to use external actuaries and our own experience to develop workers' compensation estimates, but the volume and severity of claims activity  is  inherently  unpredictable.  Estimating  these  accrued  costs  requires  us  to consider a number of factors, such as the components of MCT, seasonal trends and the impact of events like the

COVID-19  pandemic,  which  requires  significant  judgment.  In  addition,  the  usefulness  of  historic  claims  data  is impacted by our rates of WSE and client turnover and we renew our carrier contracts and set fees in advance of benefit periods.

In past periods, we have experienced insurance costs that were either higher or lower than our expectations and estimates. If were to experience either outcome in the future, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. Higher-than-expected insurance costs result in lower net income. Because we set fees in advance of plan periods, lower-than-expected insurance costs can be an indicator that insurance costs are developing more slowly than our projections, which are reflected in our fees, and this can have a negative impact on client retention and new sales. We have experienced lower-than-expected insurance costs in the past, and as a result, have announced discretionary credits to incentivize client retention and loyalty. However, discretionary credits do not directly promote new sales and we cannot guarantee that such credits will achieve our retention and loyalty goals. In the past, some clients who were eligible for discretionary credits did terminate their services with us.

In addition, claims are not static and if we subsequently receive updated information indicating that the volume and severity of insurance claims were higher or lower than previously estimated and reported, our insurance costs could be higher or lower, respectively, in that period or subsequent periods as we adjust our accrued costs accordingly, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have experienced both favorable and unfavorable insurance cost variability due to claims activity in the past and could have similar or worse experiences in the future. Refer to Critical Accounting Judgments and Estimates in Part II, Item 7. MD&amp;A, of this Form 10-K for further discussion of these estimates.

## Our co-employment relationship with our worksite employees exposes us to unique business risks.

We are the co-employer of client WSEs. As a co-employer of WSEs, we assume some of the risks and obligations of an employer. For instance, in the past we have been required to provide access to health benefits to WSEs even when the cost of providing those benefits exceeded the service fees received from our clients. The extent of our responsibility for other aspects of our co-employer relationship with WSEs remains subject to regulatory uncertainty at the federal, state and local levels. For example, in certain states, PEOs are responsible for paying salaries, wages and related payroll taxes of WSEs, even if our clients have not timely remitted payments to us.

WSEs work in our clients' workplaces. Our ability to control the workplace environment of our clients is limited. Yet, we may be subject to liability for violations of labor and employment laws, workers' compensation laws, industryspecific laws that apply to the businesses our clients operate, and other laws that apply to our clients or to employers generally. We may also be liable for acts, omissions or violations by clients or WSEs, even if we do not participate in such acts, omissions or violations.

We seek  to  mitigate  these  risks  through  our  client  agreements  and  insurance  coverage.  Our  client  agreements allocate responsibilities between us and our clients and provide that our clients will fund certain obligations in advance and indemnify us for any liability attributable to their own or our WSEs' conduct. However, we may not be able to effectively enforce or collect on these obligations. In addition, we maintain insurance coverage, including workers' compensation and EPLI coverage, to limit our and our clients' exposure to various WSE-related claims. We are still responsible for deductible layers under our EPLI policies, and these policies generally exclude coverage for claims relating to the classification of employees as exempt or non-exempt, other wage and hour issues, and employment contract disputes. We cannot assure you that our insurance will be sufficient in amount or scope to cover all claims that may be asserted against us and for which we are unable to obtain indemnification from our clients.

Negative publicity relating to events or activities attributed to us or our colleagues as a result of the actions of our clients and WSEs, or others associated with them, whether or not justified, may tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand, which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain clients.

## Our SMB clients are particularly affected by volatility in the economic environment.

Small and medium-size businesses can be particularly susceptible to changes in the level of overall economic activity in the markets in which they operate. These businesses are often exposed to credit and cash liquidity risks that larger businesses may be able to avoid, and during periods of weak economic conditions, including periods of increased inflation and increased borrowing costs, small business failures tend to increase, and employment levels tend to decrease.  During  these  periods,  our  clients  can  and  do  freeze  hiring,  terminate  their  employees,  and  reduce compensation and benefits levels, any of which would negatively affect our revenues and margins if we are unable to reduce our operating expenses sufficiently or quickly enough. During these periods, we have also seen and expect to see, reduced demand for our services, increased client terminations, fewer new clients, and clients seeking to renegotiate our contracts and prices. When our clients leave us or reduce their headcount, we typically see increases in the volume and severity of unemployment claims, COBRA claims, disability claims, and workers' compensation claims. We may be unable to recover costs related to these claims based on the fees established in our client service agreements, and any failure to recover such costs may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## We lose clients for many reasons that we cannot control or easily predict and, generally, our clients sign service agreements that they can cancel on short notice.

Our standard client service agreements can generally be canceled by our clients with 30 days' prior written notice. We regularly experience client attrition and decreases in new client sales due to a variety of factors that are difficult for  us  to  control  or  predict,  including  the  overall  national  economic  conditions,  client  mergers  and  acquisitions, changes in medical utilization and related costs, client business failure and liquidity issues, the effects of competition, and  client  decisions  to  administer  all  or  a  portion  of  their  HR  needs  in-house  without  using  our  services.  If  we experience client attrition for any of the above reasons in excess of our historic and estimated rates it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Geographic and industry market concentration makes our results of operations vulnerable to regional and industryspecific economic and health factors.

PEO  services  remain  our  core  business.  Our  top  five  PEO  markets,  California,  New  York,  Florida,  Texas  and Massachusetts, accounted for approximately 65% in aggregate of our paid WSEs for the year ended December 31, 2022. If any of those geographic regions suffers a downturn, even if the economy at the national level remains strong, or experiences higher than expected medical services utilization, due to regional health issues, the portion of our business attributable to clients in that region could be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

In  addition,  most  of  our  PEO  clients  operate  in  a  relatively  small  number  of  verticals,  including  the  technology, professional services, financial services, life sciences and not-for-profit verticals. As a result, if any of those verticals, or any industry within one of those verticals, suffers a downturn, even if the economy at the national level remains strong, the portion of our business attributable to clients in that industry could be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

## Any failure in the business systems or service centers that we or our service providers rely upon, could negatively impact our clients, harm our reputation and expose us to significant, unanticipated liability.

Our business is highly dependent on in-house and third-party business systems and service centers. The operation of our business relies on the complex integration of numerous hardware and software subsystems across several

service centers to manage a large volume of daily client, WSE and HRIS User transactions. For example, we rely on software  systems  to  process  payroll,  payroll  tax  and  benefits  data  and  make  related  payments,  and  to  access insurance carrier networks and databases that manage WSE and HRIS User benefits and claims. These software systems run on computer hardware that we or our service providers house in various service centers.

These centers and systems have been, and could be disrupted by equipment failures, computer server or systems failures,  network  outages,  ransomware  attacks  and  other  malicious  acts,  software  errors  or  defects,  vendor performance problems, power failures, natural disasters, terrorist actions or similar events. We have, for example, experienced office closures on the east coast on multiple occasions over the past few years due to hurricane and storm threats, in Texas due to climate-related power grid issues, and in California due to increased wildfire threats in the state. Our offices and service centers in these and other locations will continue to face the risk of closure or damage in the future due to climate change.

Any such disruption, even if only for a short period of time and even if we are not at fault, can have a significant impact on our clients, WSEs and HRIS Users. As a result, any such disruption could cause us to lose clients, negatively impact our ability to attract new clients, and reduce our revenues and increase our costs, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations.

## Our announced discretionary credits had significant costs. These costs will not be recovered if we fail to achieve the business goals for which the credits were designed, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition.

We have offered various discretionary credits to eligible clients in 2020, 2021 and 2022. These credits were based on TriNet health insurance costs over specified periods and we announced them to assist in the economic recovery of our SMB clients during the COVID-19 pandemic, to promote client loyalty and incentivize client retention, and to differentiate TriNet from its peers in the PEO industry and in other competing HR services industries. For example, in the second quarter of 2022, we announced that eligible clients, as a group, may receive up to an aggregate of $25 million in discretionary credits based on certain health insurance costs in the third and fourth quarters of 2022. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we announced that eligible clients, as a group, may receive up to an aggregate of $50 million in discretionary credits based on certain health insurance costs in the fourth quarter of 2022.

These credits are associated with significant costs, and we cannot guarantee that we will recover these costs or achieve our intended client loyalty, retention and differentiation goals from these credits. As mentioned above in the risk factor titled ' Unexpected changes in workers' compensation and health insurance costs and claims by worksite employees could  harm  our  business,' discretionary  credits  can  help  incentivize  client  loyalty  and  retention  if  we determine that the claims experience of our health insurance plans did not develop at the same rate as our fees. For example, even if a client receives a credit, they may not receive it in an amount or on a timetable that will retain the client. If our credits, including future credits we may announce, fail to generate the client loyalty and retention impact for which they are designed, for any reason, our financial performance will be negatively affected, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Changes in our insurance coverage, or in our relationships with key insurance carriers, could harm our business.

Our success depends in  part  on  our  ability  to  maintain  competitive  health  and  workers'  compensation  coverage options and insurance rates through well-known insurance carriers. If we are unable to maintain competitive insurance rates or obtain popular and desirable coverage plans through well-known insurance carriers, it could affect our ability to attract and retain clients, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Where we sponsor insurance coverage and we are not responsible for any deductibles, our carriers set the fixed cost of the plan, which may lead to uncompetitive fees. Even where we sponsor insurance under which we are responsible for deductibles, we may not be able to control our costs in a way that would make our fees competitive.

In addition, broad adoption of our services in certain geographic regions or industries may make it more difficult for us to obtain competitive health and/or workers' compensation insurance rates due to concentration of clients within a particular region or industry. For example, we have significant concentrations of PEO clients in California, New York, Florida, Texas and Massachusetts, which account for approximately 65% in aggregate of our paid WSEs for the year ended December 31, 2022. The loss of any one or more of our key insurance vendors in these areas, or our inability to  partner  with  the  most  desirable  carriers  in  these  areas,  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  financial condition and results of operations.

## We must continue to work to improve our services to meet the expectations of our clients and regulators, or we may lose our clients and materially harm our business.

In order to attract and retain clients, we believe that we must compete in our industry effectively on the basis of the value proposition that we deliver to our clients, which includes

- client experience and satisfaction,
- the relevance and cost-effectiveness of our PEO benefit plans,
- our PEO vertical market expertise,
- our service and product pricing,
- our brand awareness and reputation,
- our ability to innovate and respond to client needs and regulatory mandates rapidly,
- the performance of our online and mobile solutions, software and technology platforms, and
- our human resources subject matter expertise.

The expectations of our clients and prospective clients in these areas change over time as a result of many factors outside of our control, such as competition, regulatory and technical changes, and changing trends in the demands employees place on SMB employers.

To satisfy client expectations and regulatory requirements, we must timely and effectively identify and develop, or license and contract appropriate technologies and services, and incorporate such technologies and services into the solutions that we provide. New services or upgrades may not be released according to schedule or may contain defects when released. If our new technologies and services perform poorly, or fail to satisfy regulatory requirements, we could experience client dissatisfaction, adverse publicity, loss of sales, and client claims against us, any of which could materially harm our business. For example, we experienced higher than expected rates of client dissatisfaction and terminations due to our client service model roll-out in 2020 and 2021. As another example, like other PEOs, our federal R&amp;D credit programs require the IRS to provide tax credit refunds for our clients. In situations where IRS refunds were delayed, even where we were not at fault, we have experienced client terminations and dissatisfaction, and we may experience similar outcomes in the future. Even where we can satisfy client expectations and regulatory requirements, we may not be able to do so on a cost-effective basis, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our results of operations. We could lose market share if our competitors develop superior technologies and services or satisfy client or regulatory demands before we are able to do so. If we are unable to satisfy the evolving technology and service expectations and regulatory requirements, then we would experience lower client satisfaction, fewer new clients and higher client attrition, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We have acquired, and may in the future acquire, other businesses and technologies, which can divert management's attention and create integration risks and other risks for our business.

We have completed numerous acquisitions of other businesses and technologies over the years, and we expect that we will continue to pursue future acquisitions. Acquisitions, including our 2022 acquisitions of Zenefits and Clarus R+D, involve numerous risks, some of which we have experienced in the past and which we may experience in the future, including:

- over-valuing and over-paying for businesses and technologies,
- increased  operating costs and unanticipated costs to successfully integrate the clients, WSEs and HRIS Users, operations, systems, technologies, services and personnel of the acquired business,
- establishing or maintaining required internal controls, procedures and policies for the acquired business,
- unanticipated costs and risks arising from the unique corporate culture and risk appetite of acquired businesses,
- diversion of management's attention from other business concerns,
- litigation resulting from the activities of the acquired business,
- insufficient revenues, insurance or seller indemnification to offset increased expenses associated with the acquisitions and unanticipated liabilities of the acquired businesses,
- entering markets in which we have no prior experience and may not succeed, and
- potential  loss  of  key  employees  or  key  clients  of  the  acquired  business  as  a  result  of  the  acquisition  or integration of the acquired business.

We  have  experienced  increased  operating  costs  to  resolve  the  challenges  of  prior  acquisitions.  If  we  fail  to appropriately integrate any acquired business, we may fail to achieve our growth, service enhancement or operational efficiency objectives, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed.

For example, TriNet has focused almost exclusively on the PEO business since its formation and PEO services remain our core business. Zenefits and Clarus R+D are not PEO businesses. They utilize separate software and technology platforms, and they service SMB clients that can have very different needs from our traditional PEO clients. These businesses may divert management attention from our core PEO business to its detriment. Conversely, we may lack the experience needed in these non-PEO businesses to manage them effectively. Any such outcome could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our efforts to improve our operational effectiveness and resiliency require significant time, resources and costs and if these efforts fail or significantly divert management attention, our business and results of operations may suffer.

We have changed our operations and client service processes in recent periods in order to improve our operational effectiveness and resiliency, and we will continue to do so in the future. For example, over the course of 2022 and 2023 we have been upgrading and rolling out a new company-wide enterprise resource planning (ERP) system. If our ERP system roll-out is delayed, management attention may be diverted, and we may see increased operational costs while we maintain two ERP systems. We are also working on other projects intended to upgrade our technology platform and the client support tools we use, increase workflow automation (and mitigate against the risk of human error), and improve the retention of, and access to, institutional knowledge.

We have and will continue to devote substantial time, money and management resources to these projects. Managing these projects also typically requires changes to our internal operational, financial and management controls and reporting systems and procedures. As a result, we cannot guarantee that our efforts will achieve our goals in a timely or cost-effective manner or at all, and we cannot guarantee that we can carry out these projects without a negative impact  on  our  day-to-day  operations  and  client  satisfaction.  If  our  current  and  future  projects  are  delayed  or unsuccessful, client satisfaction may suffer, we may lose clients or fail to onboard new clients at expected rates, and we may incur substantial unanticipated costs to complete these projects. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## If we are unable to attract, maintain and manage qualified personnel, including our sales force, our business may be harmed.

To succeed, we must be able to attract and retain highly motivated and qualified personnel. Competition for skilled employees is intense and, if we are unable to attract and retain the personnel we need, our business may suffer. Like many businesses, in recent years we have experienced higher than normal rates of employee turn-over, which we believe is due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic and the "great resignation".

We have experienced elevated sales force attrition in the past and may experience it in the future, for a variety of reasons, including due to changes in industry or client focus, compensation structure, third-party competition for sales talent and other factors. Newly hired sales personnel are typically not productive for some period of time following their hiring, which results in increased near-term costs to us relative to their actual sales contributions during this period. If we are unable to effectively train and maintain an adequately seasoned and sized sales force, new client onboarding will not increase at the rate that we anticipate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Our industry is competitive, which may limit our ability to maintain or increase our market share or improve our results of operations.

We  face  significant  competition  on  a  national  and  regional  level  from  other  PEOs, ASOs  that  do  not  use  coemployment relationships, and HRIS software providers, as well as from other existing, and potential, companies and industries that service, or may in the future service, client HCM needs. Refer to the heading ' Competition' under Part I, Item 1. Business, above for more details. Our competitors, regardless of industry, may have greater marketing and financial resources than we have, and may be better positioned than we are in certain markets. Increased competition in our industry could result in price reductions or loss of market share, any of which could harm our business. We expect that we will continue to experience competitive pricing pressure and competition from new technologies and HCM service models, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

## Data Privacy and Security Risks

Cyber-attacks, breaches, disclosures or other data-related incidents could result in reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, regulatory penalties, regulatory disclosure requirements and damage to our reputation.

We and our third-party service providers and subcontractors collect, store, use, retain, disclose, transfer and process a significant amount of confidential, sensitive and personal information from and about our actual and potential clients, WSEs, HRIS Users and colleagues, including bank account numbers, social security numbers, tax information, PHI, health claim information, retirement account information, and payroll data. Maintaining the security and confidentiality of this information is critically important to our clients, WSEs, HRIS Users and colleagues.

Due to the size and complexity of our technology platform and services, the amount of confidential, sensitive and personal information that we store and the number of clients, WSEs, HRIS Users, colleagues and service providers with access to this information, we and our service providers are potentially susceptible to a variety of intentional or inadvertent cyber-attacks, breaches, disclosures and other data-related incidents and threats.

Cybersecurity threats can take a variety of forms. Malicious actors may develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that attack our networks and data centers or those of our service providers. Malicious actors may also direct social engineering, phishing, credential stuffing, ransomware, denial or degradation of service attacks and similar types of attacks against any or all of us, our clients and our service providers. Other threats include

inadvertent  security  breaches  or  disclosure,  misuse  or  unauthorized  access  or  other  improper  actions  by  our colleagues, clients, WSEs, HRIS Users, service providers and other business partners. Cyber-attacks, breaches, disclosures and other data-related incidents are increasing in frequency and evolving in nature. While we devote substantial  time  and  resources  to  training  our  colleagues  to  identify  and  avoid  such  incidents,  no  training  or cybersecurity program can offer absolute protection against such attacks and incidents.

Any actual or attempted cyber-attack, breach, disclosure or other data-related incident, could have a material adverse effect  on  our  business,  reputation,  financial  condition  or  results  of  operation. Any  actual  or  attempted  breach  or disclosure of the confidential, sensitive and personal information that we possess about our clients, WSEs, HCM Users and Colleagues could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. Public perception of, or even inaccurate or unfounded rumors of, any such cyber-attacks, breaches, disclosures, or other data-related incidents, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operation.

Any such cyber-attacks, breaches, disclosures or other data-related incidents, could result in material financial liability by

- resulting in material fines, penalties, orders, sanctions and proceedings or actions against us or our service providers by regulatory authorities, clients and other third parties,
- requiring us to indemnify clients and other third parties,
- damaging our reputation,
- forcing us to incur significant expenses to defend our actions and practices,
- delaying product and service development plans,
- resulting in unrelated compliance breaches as a result of system failures or management distraction, and
- increasing our costs of doing business.

TriNet  does  not  need  to  be  the  direct  target  of  such  cyber-attacks,  breaches,  disclosures  or  other  data-related incidents, for them to have a material adverse effect on our operations. A cyber-attack on a key third-party software service provider, or a new vulnerability identified in software that we use, could disrupt our services or compromise client data entrusted to that service provider. In March 2022, a hacking group announced that they had compromised several  systems,  including  those  of  Microsoft  and  Okta,  both  TriNet  vendors.  After  review,  our  security  team determined that no security compromises had occurred within TriNet's systems related to any of these incidents, but this is no guarantee that a future vulnerability or incident would not result in a security compromise. New software vulnerabilities are identified regularly, by organizations like the U.S. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA). Similar cyber-attacks, breaches, disclosures and other data-related incidents, including those resulting from a vulnerability, involving a client could also result in access to TriNet's systems. Any such incidents, even if not initially directed at TriNet, could also have a material adverse effect on our business operations, result in liability, fines and penalties or other regulatory sanctions, a loss of confidence in our ability to provide our services, and/or harm our reputation and relationships with current or potential clients.

We, our clients and our service providers have been the victims of cyber-attacks, breaches, disclosure or other datarelated incidents, in the past, and we, our clients and our service providers expect to be victims again in the future. For example, we experienced a Distributed Denial of Service (DDOS) attack against the login pages for the TriNet and TriNet Zenefits platforms in 2022 that prevented platform access for several hours. TriNet's data and systems were not accessed by unauthorized parties and we were able to restore platform access quickly, but we cannot guarantee that we, or our service providers, will be able to respond to another attack as quickly or effectively. We and our service providers have experienced disruption to, or unauthorized access to, our networks, applications, bank accounts and other key systems in the past and similar events may occur again in the future. We, our service providers and our clients have experienced cyber-attacks, breaches, disclosures or other data-related incidents in the past that led to disclosure of the confidential, sensitive or personal information we possess, and we and they could experience

such events in the future. We have reported data breaches to regulators, affected individuals, clients and other third parties in the past and we expect to do so in the future. While we do not believe that any such past events resulted in material expenditures or a material loss of confidential, sensitive or personal information, future events could still result in a material adverse impact on our operations.

As discussed above, the costs associated with any cyber-attacks, breaches, disclosure or other data-related incidents could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Although we maintain insurance coverage for such events, the amount of our insurance may not cover these costs, and we cannot be certain that cyber insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim.

Our efforts to protect against and to remediate cyber-attacks, breaches, disclosures and other data-related incidents, may not succeed and any such event, whether intentional or inadvertent and whether attributable to us or our service providers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, and reputation.

We have implemented policy, procedural, technical, physical, and administrative controls with the aim of protecting our networks, applications, bank accounts, and the confidential, sensitive and personal information entrusted to us, including bank account numbers, social security numbers, tax information, certain medical information, certain health claim  information,  retirement  account  information,  payroll  data  and  other  PHI,  from  cyber-attacks,  breaches, disclosures  and  other  data-related  incidents.  While  we,  and  our  service  providers,  have  security  measures  and programs in place to prevent, detect, and respond to cyber-attacks, breaches, disclosures and other data-related incidents, these security measures and programs and our collective efforts may not always succeed. Despite our efforts and those of our service providers, we cannot fully eliminate the possibility of such cyber-attacks, breaches, disclosures and other data-related incidents, whether intentional or inadvertent and whether internal or external and we, our clients or our service providers may not discover a cyber-attack, breach, disclosure or other data-related incident for a significant period of time after the incident occurs.

We perform risk-based assessments of our vendors and service providers, but our assessments may be incomplete or not detect vulnerabilities that can impact our business. Vendors and service providers with access to our data and systems typically undergo additional security review procedures. In addition, we require those vendors and service providers to undertake additional security measures according to the inherent risk of the system access or processing activity contemplated in the contract. We typically require documentation of vendor and service provider security and privacy obligations through contract provisions. However, we do not control our service providers and our ability to monitor their data security is limited, so we cannot ensure the security measures they take will be sufficient to protect our confidential, sensitive and personal information. Due to applicable laws and regulations or contractual obligations, we may be held responsible for any cyber-attack, breach, disclosure or other data-related incident attributed to our service providers regarding the information we share with them and any contractual protections we may have from our service providers may not be sufficient to adequately protect us from any such liabilities and losses.

We have invested, and plan to continue investing, in resources to protect our information security ecosystem against cyber-attacks,  breaches,  disclosures  and  other  data-related  incidents,  and  to  investigate  and  remediate  any information security vulnerabilities. We are also devoting substantial time and resources to integrate the security processes of TriNet Zenefits and Clarus R+D with our own standards. However, the security protections and strategies that we implement, and the investigation and remediation efforts we undertake, may not be successful. Any cyberattack, breach, disclosure or other data-related incident, whether intentional or inadvertent, could result in the access, public disclosure, loss or theft of our clients', WSEs', HRIS Users' and colleagues' confidential, sensitive and personal information, which could negatively affect our ability to attract new clients, cause existing clients to terminate their agreements with us, result in significant reputational damage and subject us to significant lawsuits, regulatory fines, or other actions or liabilities, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.

We  must  comply  with  constantly  evolving,  data  privacy  and  security  laws  and  regulations,  which  may  require substantial costs or changes to our business, and any actual or perceived compliance failure could result in reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, regulatory penalties, and damage to our reputation.

We are subject to various federal, state and local laws, rules, and regulations, as well as contractual obligations, relating to the collection, storage, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of confidential, sensitive  and  personal  information.  Existing  laws  and  regulations  are  constantly  evolving,  and  new  laws  and regulations that apply to our business are being introduced at every level of government inside and outside of the United States. For example, all 50 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands and Canada  have  enacted  data  breach  notification  laws  that  may  require  us  to  notify  WSEs,  HRIS  Users,  clients, colleagues, or other third parties and regulators in the event of unauthorized access to or disclosure of confidential, sensitive or personal information experienced by us or our service providers.

In addition to breach notification laws, we have seen increased focus at every level of government inside and outside of  the  United  States  on  regulating  the  collection,  storage,  use,  retention,  security,  disclosure,  transfer  and  other processing of confidential, sensitive and personal information. In recent years, many states have proposed or enacted new  laws  or  amended  existing  laws,  such  as  the  CCPA  and  CPRA  in  California  and  other  rules  in  Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah, all of which become effective in 2023. These laws may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to confidential, sensitive and personal information than federal, international or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, which may complicate compliance efforts, requiring attention to changing regulatory requirements. As the patchwork of state privacy laws becomes increasingly complex, the cost of complying with all of the requirements will rise. We are working to comply with all applicable state requirements, but we cannot guarantee that we will not incur significant costs to comply with these requirements or that our efforts will be successful.

For details regarding these data privacy and security laws and regulations discussed above and that apply to our operations, refer to Part I, Item 1. Business, of this Form 10-K, under the heading ' The Laws and Regulations that affect Our Business: Data Privacy and Security Regulations' . Complying with these and any other data privacy and security laws, rules and regulations, and with any new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws, could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business, divert resources from other initiatives and projects, and restrict the way products and services involving data are offered, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, we have incurred and expect to  continue  to  incur  additional  costs  to  comply  with  the  California's  CCPA/CPRA  regulations  and  other  similar regulations. Despite our efforts, in the future we may be unable to make required changes and modifications to our business practices in a commercially reasonable manner, or at all. Given the rapid development of cybersecurity and data privacy laws, we expect to encounter inconsistent interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations, as well as frequent changes to these laws and regulations. As a result, we may be required to incur significant, unexpected compliance costs and we may be exposed to significant penalties or liability for non-compliance, the possibility  of  fines,  lawsuits  (including  class  action  privacy  litigation),  regulatory  investigations,  criminal  or  civil sanctions,  audits,  adverse  media  coverage,  public  censure,  other  claims,  significant  costs  for  remediation  and damage to our reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. Any inability,  or  the  perception  of  any  inability,  to  adequately  address  data  privacy  or  data-related  concerns,  even  if unfounded, or to comply with applicable laws, regulations, standards and other obligations relating to data privacy and security, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our relationships with clients and have a material adverse effect on our business.

As a sponsor of employee benefit plans with access to certain PHI, we are subject to regulation at the federal level, including under the HIPAA and the HITECH Act. HIPAA contains restrictions and health data privacy, security and breach notification requirements with respect to the use and disclosure of PHI. There are penalties and fines for HIPAA violations. Additionally, in 2021 the DOL issued cybersecurity best-practices guidance for sponsors, administrators,

service providers and participants of defined contribution retirement plans, which guidance is relevant to the retirement plans we maintain for our WSEs and colleagues.

Following our acquisition of Zenefits in 2022, we have an increased customer and colleague presence outside of the United States, including new technology design and backend support offices and operations in India and Canada. If we fail to comply with applicable data privacy regulations in the countries in which we send and receive personal data, we may be exposed to regulatory action and fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

## Legal and Compliance Risks

Our business is subject to numerous complex laws, and changes in, uncertainty regarding, or adverse application of these laws could negatively affect our business.

The services we provide to our clients are subject to numerous complex federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those described in Part I, Item 1. Business, of this Form 10-K. These laws and regulations cover a diverse range of topics, including employer status, employee and independent contractor classifications, employee benefits, health and retirement plans, workers' compensation, baking and money transmission, employment and payroll tax, worksite safety, insurance and banking, wage and hour, anti-discrimination, and many topics specific to the industries of our clients. Many of these laws do not specifically address PEOs or co-employment relationships, and regulators are  often  unfamiliar  with  the  PEO  industry  and  co-employment  relationships,  which  can  lead  to  unpredictable application, interpretation  and enforcement of these laws and regulations at the federal, state and local levels in relation  to  our  business.  Our  HRIS  services  can  also  be  subject  to  complex  federal,  state  and  local  laws  and regulations  regarding  payroll  agents,  employment  and  payroll  taxes,  insurance  producers,  banking  and  money transmission, and other licensing requirements. The tax support services that Clarus R+D provides are also subject to federal, state and local regulations regarding tax preparation and practice that limit the services they can provide to SMBs. While regulations governing HRIS services and tax support services do not involve the complexity of a coemployment relationship, these services are in some ways also highly regulated and such regulations can, and do, change regularly at the federal, state and local levels.

Any new laws, changes in existing laws, or any adverse application, interpretation or enforcement of new or existing laws,  including  those  described  in  Part  I,  Item  1.  Business,  of  this  Form  10-K,  whether  they  apply  to  employers generally or specifically to PEOs or to our co-employment relationships could:

- reduce or eliminate the value and benefits that clients realize by using our services,
- change or eliminate the types of services we provide,
- require us to make significant changes to how we do business and provide services,
- require us to modify our current business practices or operations,
- affect the extent and type of employee benefits that employers and co-employers can or must provide employees,
- alter the amount, timing and type of taxes employers, co-employers, clients, WSEs, and HRIS Users are required to pay and that we must manage for and collect from our clients,
- increase the cost and complexity of the licensing requirements for our business operations,
- create or increase our liability and responsibilities to our clients and WSEs, HRIS Users, and/or
- mandate new compliance requirements, disclosures or services.

Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

For example, we have seen a growing trend, particularly at the federal level, of using payroll tax credits, deferrals and other related payroll tax programs as a mechanism for incentivizing SMB development and/or economic recovery.

These programs are popular because they allow SMBs, which often have income tax losses, to realize benefits via payroll tax reductions, rather than income tax reductions. However, these programs have generally not been designed with the PEO industry in mind and rely on calculations contained in client income tax returns (which PEOs do not process in their role as the co-employer) and/or other client data that cannot be verified by a PEO, even though the resulting tax benefits are processed through the PEO's payroll tax returns. Because minimal guidance exists in the statutes that create these programs, they are subject to broad agency interpretation and confusion. In addition, the processes used to evaluate payroll tax filings are designed with individual taxpayers in mind, not PEOs that aggregate the  filings  of  many  clients,  which  can  further  increase  agency  confusion  and  make  it  difficult  to  predict  agency interpretations.

Some of these programs include the 2015 PATH Act, which allows SMBs to use R&amp;D tax credits submitted on the SMB's income tax return to reduce the SMB's payroll taxes, and the CARES Act and FFCRA Act payroll tax credit and payroll tax deferral program enacted in 2020 and 2021, which allow SMBs to defer certain payroll tax obligations to a later date or to receive payroll tax credits based on SMB employment practices that are beyond our control. The IRS has taken positions that we and other PEOs, rather than clients, are responsible for client errors and repaying rejected  tax  credit  claims  under  these  and  similar  programs.  While  our  clients  are  contractually  responsible  for repaying us for any rejected tax credits under these programs, a contract does not guarantee our ability to recover rejected  tax  credits  and  any  failure  to  recover  rejected  tax  credits  from  our  clients  would  increase  our  operating expenses, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, the IRS has taken positions that the tax benefits under some of these programs should be calculated on an aggregate PEO, rather than individual client, basis, which can limit whether and how we obtain credits for our clients. We cannot predict how these positions will ultimately be resolved and if they are resolved unfavorably, we may be forced to discontinue supporting some or all of these programs, incur tax expenses that we cannot recover from our clients, and divert management's attention to defending our positions, any one of which could have a material adverse effect our ability to attract and retain SMB clients or on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In addition, in response to COVID-19, many states have also implemented assistance programs, such as mandatory employee leave requirements and other employment- and employment tax-related incentives. Our SMB clients rely on us to help them take advantage of these programs, and new laws, regulations and agency or judicial interpretations of these laws could change or eliminate existing programs at any time, which could force us to discontinue supporting these programs or incur liability that we cannot recover from our clients, which could cause us to lose clients and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Changing laws and regulations governing health insurance and other traditional employee benefits at the federal, state and local level could negatively affect our business.

Changes to and continued uncertainty regarding the implementation and future of health care reform in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, has the potential to substantially change the health insurance market for SMBs and how such employers provide health insurance to their employees, which could have a materially adverse effect on how we provide our sponsored health benefits to our WSEs, and our ability to attract and retain our clients. In  addition,  changes  at  the  federal,  state  and  local  level  to  the  laws  and  regulations  regarding  other  traditional employee benefits, such as retirement and workers' compensation benefits, also have the potential to substantially change the types of benefit programs that are available to SMBs and that we and other PEOs may be required to offer. Our ability to comply with, and adapt our service offerings to take advantage of, any such changes could require significant additional costs, divert management attention, or be prohibitive based on cost, technology or other factors, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If we are not recognized as an employer of our worksite employees, and if our benefit plans are deemed to not satisfy plan requirements, under federal and state regulations, we and our clients could be adversely impacted.

In order to sponsor some of our most important employee benefit plan offerings for WSEs, including health plans, we must qualify as an employer of WSEs, and our plans must qualify as employer-sponsored plans, under applicable provisions of the Code and ERISA. In particular, our status as the employer for the purposes of ERISA is important because ERISA preempts state laws that otherwise might apply to, and limit, our benefit plan offerings.

The definition of employer under the Code and ERISA is not uniform and is defined in part by different facts and circumstances tests, and there is no definitive judicial interpretation of employer in the context of PEOs. Generally, the tests used under the Code or ERISA are designed to evaluate whether an individual is an independent contractor or employee, and they confer substantial weight to whether a purported employer has the right to direct and control the details of an individual's work. Some factors that may be considered important under these tests have included the employer's degree of behavioral control (for example the extent of instructions, training and evaluation of the work), financial control and the economic aspects of the work relationship, the type of relationship, as evidenced by the specific contract, if any, whether employee benefits are provided, whether the work is indefinite in duration or project-based, and whether it is a regular part of the employer's business.

We believe that we qualify as the sole employer of WSEs for the purposes of Sections 3(5) and 3(40) of ERISA and that our health plans are single-employer plans that, as such, are entitled to ERISA's preemption of state law. However, the DOL routinely audits employee benefit plan offerings of employers, and in one routine audit of one of TriNet's health  plans  that  concluded  in  2021,  the  DOL  indicated  that  while  it  agrees  that  we  are  an  employer  for  ERISA purposes, it believes that wherever there is more than one employer of a WSE, no employer may qualify as a single employer for ERISA purposes. Similarly, in 2022, the DOL revised an existing publication regarding regulation of multiple employer welfare arrangements (MEWAs) and added a new section stating its view that a PEO arrangement offering health coverage to more than one client is a MEWA under Section 3(40) of ERISA. This DOL interpretation is contrary to our interpretation of the applicable  ERISA facts and circumstances test, and it also is contrary to the position taken by other national PEOs.

We will continue to vigorously defend our position that we are the sole employer of our WSEs for the purposes of Sections 3(5) and 3(40) of ERISA, and therefore that our health plans are single employer plans entitled to ERISA's preemption  of  applicable  state  laws.  While  we  have  no  current  DOL  audit  on-going,  this  issue  and  the  MEWA publication above may arise in future audits of TriNet plans or the plans of other PEOs in our industry. If it were ultimately determined that health plans sponsored by TriNet are multiple employer plans and subject to potential regulation at the state level, we would likely adjust our business model and the manner in which we provide employee health benefits to WSEs. Any such outcome or adjustment would require significant investment in time, cost and management attention and would have a material impact on our clients and WSEs and the type of products and services we provide to them, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

As an employer of WSEs under ERISA, we must manage our plans in accordance with ERISA requirements, which could impact how we fulfill plan obligations, how we price services, whether and how we use discretionary credits, the features of our benefit plans, and how we administer and operate our plans. We believe that our benefit plans satisfy all applicable ERISA requirements, but if it were ultimately determined that we fail to satisfy any such requirements, we would likely be required to adjust our business model, including with respect to each of the areas outlined above, and could be subject to material fines or penalties. Any such consequence may result in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

We have seen increased state efforts to regulate PEO health plans in 2022. For example, in November 2022, the New Mexico Office of the Superintendent of Insurance published proposed rules that in most cases would require PEO plans to be treated as MEWAs and prohibit PEOs from allowing WSEs of small group employers to participate in PEO sponsored large group market health plans starting in January 2024. Proposed legislation is being considered in New Mexico that would eliminate this prohibition for PEOs that register as MEWAs under state law. States also undertake reviews of PEOs frequently. For example, in 2022 the New York Department of Financial Services (DFS)

requested data from insurance carriers on PEO health insurance practices. The New Mexico proposed rules, and any other new or changed regulations that treat PEO health plans as multiple employer plans, restrict PEO fees with carriers or that limit the availability of PEO benefit plans, if upheld to be legally valid and applicable to our PEO health plans, would likely require us to adjust our business model in the states with such rules, including the manner in which we provide employee health benefits to WSEs and price our services, and could result in material fines or penalties. Any such outcome or adjustment would require significant investment in time, cost and management attention and would have a material impact on our clients and WSEs and the type of products and services we provide to them, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Similarly,  to  qualify  for  favorable  tax  treatment  under  the  Code,  certain  employee  benefit  plans,  such  as  401(k) retirement plans and cafeteria plans, must be established and maintained by an employer for the exclusive benefit of its employees. All of our 401(k) retirement plans are operated pursuant to guidance provided by the IRS and have received favorable determination letters from the IRS confirming the qualified status of these plans. However, the IRS uses its own complex, multi-factor test to ascertain whether an employment relationship exists between a worker and a purported employer. Although we believe that we qualify as an employer of WSEs under the Code, we cannot assure you that the IRS will not challenge our position or continue to provide favorable determination letters. Moreover, the IRS' 401(k) guidance and qualification requirements are not applicable to the operation of our cafeteria plans.

Further, if we are not recognized as an employer of our WSEs under the Code or by any state tax authority, we may be required to change the method by which we report and remit payroll taxes to the IRS or such tax authorities. Such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

The definition of employers, employees and independent contractors is evolving. Changes to the laws and regulations that govern what it means to be an employer or an employee may require us to make significant changes in our operations and may negatively affect our business.

National views on employers, employees and independent contractors are changing at a rapid rate, as evidenced by recent federal and state rule changes. For example, in 2019, California passed AB5, a law that could reclassify some independent  contractors  as  employees.  In  2020,  California  voters  passed  Proposition  22,  exempting  certain contractors and businesses from AB5. The status of Proposition 22 remains unresolved while a 2021 state court decision that Proposition 22 is unconstitutional and unenforceable is under appeal. Any state regulations that change existing definitions and classifications of employers, employees and independent contractors could affect the types of  client  employees  we  can  support  through  our  HRIS  and  PEO  offerings,  the  way  in  which  we  provide  TriNetsponsored benefits to our WSEs, the way in which we report and remit payroll taxes to tax authorities, and our legal liability for the actions and inactions of our clients, which may negatively impact client demand for the services we provide, require us to modify or change how we operate our business and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

At the federal level, the DOL issued rules on both independent contractor and joint employer status in 2020, and the following  year,  those  rules  were  rescinded  by  the  DOL  after  the  Presidential  election.  Significant  litigation  and uncertainty were generated in each instance. Recently, the DOL proposed a new rule for determining independent contractor status and the DOL also indicated that it may propose new regulations that address white collar minimum wage  and  overtime  exemptions  under  the  FLSA.  Meanwhile,  the  National  Labor  Relations  Board  (NLRB)  has proposed a new rule for determining whether two businesses are joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA). Standards for determining joint employer status vary from law to law and state to state. Joint employment is not the same as co-employment, and we do not believe that we are a joint employer under any law or rule, or that these  rule  changes  impact  our  status  as  a  co-employer.  However,  continuing  uncertainty  regarding  independent contractor and joint employer status could still result in increased regulatory and worker claims, which could divert management attention and cause us to incur additional and potentially material costs to defend.

Remote work has increased dramatically across the country in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. The laws and regulations  that  govern  employees  were  not  drafted  with  remote  workers  in  mind  and  changes  in,  uncertainty regarding, or adverse application of these laws could negatively affect our business.

More and more employees, including WSEs and HRIS Users, are working from home and SMBs, including our clients, are increasingly hiring employees in locations where they do not have an office. Many of these employees work at home in one state or city and in an office in another state or city. The work location and residence of an employee can create confusion regarding the federal, state and local laws that apply, including labor and employment, payroll and payroll  tax,  and  unemployment  laws.  For  example,  it  can  be  difficult  to  determine  the  amount  of  payroll  and unemployment taxes that must be paid when employees spend part of their time working from home in one state and part of their time working in an office in another state. Regulations regarding payroll and unemployment taxes are still catching up to this new reality, which creates a risk that states will disagree about the taxes that must be paid, or the employment  laws  that  must  apply,  in  these  situations.  New  laws,  changes  in  laws  or  adverse  application  or interpretation of laws that depend on the residence and work location of WSEs and HRIS Users could reduce or eliminate the attractiveness of our services, significantly increase our compliance costs and the cost to provide our services, or require us to make substantial changes to the way in which we operate, and any one of these outcomes could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Even where remote workers live and work in the same state and city, as a co-employer of WSEs, our PEO services are open to the risk that new laws, changes in laws or adverse application or interpretation of laws will expand PEO responsibility for remote WSEs. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic we saw many states extend workers' compensation  coverage  to  remote  employees  and  to  COVID-19  claims.  We  expect  to  see  additional,  similar expansions of PEO responsibility and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to recover the costs to comply with such changes from our clients, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

If we do not comply with our regulatory license requirements, or if we are deemed to be operating in various non-PEO licensed industries without the required licenses, we and our clients could be adversely impacted.

Most states require PEOs to hold a license and we are licensed as a PEO in all states that require such licenses. If we are not able to satisfy existing or future PEO licensing requirements or other applicable regulations in any state, we may be prohibited from doing business in that state, including having any clients within that state.

State regulatory authorities generally impose licensing requirements on companies acting as insurance agents or third-party administrators, such as those that handle health or retirement plan funding and claim processing. TriNet does not provide broker insurance, but we do maintain producer licenses in all 50 states and select U.S. territories for our HRIS services and for our IOM PEO product, which offers clients the option to receive PEO services from TriNet while obtaining client-sponsored health benefits from third-party brokers. Other state regulatory authorities impose licensing requirements on companies involved in the transmission of cash, such as banks, and other money transmitters. We do not believe that our current activities require any such licenses, but we and others in our industry have received inquiries from regulatory authorities in the past and could receive them in the future. Businesses similar to TriNet Zenefits have been subject to such licensing requirements in the past and although we believe that our operations have been designed to be compliant and avoid such requirements, we cannot guarantee that all regulators will  agree.  If  regulatory  authorities  in  any  state  determine  that  we  are  acting  as  an  insurance  agent,  third-party administrator, money transmitter, or as any other regulated industry other than a PEO, we may need to hire additional personnel to manage regulatory compliance and pay annual regulatory fees, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to legal and tax proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes.

We are subject to claims, lawsuits, government investigations, and other legal and regulatory proceedings arising from the ordinary course of our business. Refer to Note 9 in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K for additional information about the legal proceedings we are currently involved in and future proceedings that we may face. Current and future legal proceedings may result in substantial costs and may divert management's attention  and  resources,  which  may  seriously  harm  our  business,  results  of  operations,  financial condition and liquidity.

In addition, the tax authorities in the U.S. regularly examine our tax returns. Refer to Note 12 in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K for additional details regarding tax examinations and disputes. The ultimate outcome of tax examinations and disputes cannot be predicted with certainty. Should the IRS or other tax authorities assess additional taxes as a result of any audit or examination, we may be required to record charges to operations that could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.

## Financial and Stock Ownership Risks

Our results of operations and stock price may fluctuate as a result of numerous factors, many of which are outside of our control.

Our future operating results and stock price are subject to fluctuations and quarterly variations based upon a variety of factors, many of which are not within our control, including, without limitation:

- the volume and severity of health and workers' compensation insurance claims made by our WSEs, recorded as part of our insurance costs, and the timing of related claims information provided by our insurance carriers,
- the amount and timing of our insurance premiums and other insurance costs, operating expenses and capital expenditures,
- the number of our new clients and the number of WSEs or HRIS Users employed by each new client,
- the retention or loss of existing clients, for any reason, including third-party acquisition,
- a reduction in the number of WSEs or HRIS Users employed by existing clients,
- a reduction in the rate of WSE or HRIS User hiring by existing clients,
- the timing of client payments and payment defaults by clients,
- the costs associated with our acquisitions of companies, assets and technologies,
- any payments or draw downs on our credit facility,
- any unanticipated expenses, such as litigation or other dispute-related settlement payments and compliance expenses arising from changes in regulations or regulatory enforcement,
- any expenses we incur for geographic and service expansion and service enhancements,
- any changes in laws or adverse interpretation or enforcement of laws, which may require us to change the manner in which we operate and/or increase our regulatory compliance costs,
- any changes in our effective tax rate,
- the issuance of common stock or debt to pay for future acquisitions, which could dilute our stockholders or subject us to significant debt service obligations,
- the repurchase of our common stock under our stock repurchase program or otherwise, which could impact earnings per share and increase the ownership percentage of non-participating stockholders,
- amortization expense, or the impairment of intangible assets and goodwill, associated with past or future acquisitions, and
- the impact of new accounting pronouncements.

In addition, the trading price of our common stock is subject to fluctuation in response to a variety of factors, including the factors above and below, many of which are not within our control, including, without limitation:

- the overall performance of the equity markets,
- any trading activity, or a market expectation regarding such activity, by our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders,
- the economy as a whole, and its impact on SMBs and our clients,
- the performance and market perception of companies that investors believe are similar to us,
- changes in the interest rates and financial performance of our cash investments, which may increase during periods of high inflation and market volatility and impact our interest income,
- any significant changes in the liquidity of our common stock, and
- market acceptance of our performance across non-financial factors, including evolving environmental, social, and governance factors favored by investors and required by regulators.

Many of the above factors are discussed in more detail elsewhere in this Risk Factors section and in Part II, Item 7. MD&amp;A, of this Form 10-K. Many of these factors are outside our control, and the variability and unpredictability of these factors have in the past and could in the future cause us to fail to meet our expectations and the expectations of investors and any industry analysts who cover our shares, which could result in a decline in our share price and reduced liquidity in our shares. In addition, the occurrence of one or more of these factors might cause our results of operations to vary widely, which could lead to negative impacts on our margins, short-term liquidity, and our ability to retain or attract key personnel, and could cause other unanticipated issues, including a downgrade of our securities by or change in opinion of industry analysts and a related decline in our share price.

The terms of our credit facility may restrict our current and future operations, which would impair our ability to respond to changes in our business and to manage our business.

Our credit facility contains, and any future indebtedness of ours would likely contain, a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us subject to customary exceptions, including restricting our ability to:

- incur, assume or prepay debt or incur or assume liens,
- pay dividends or distributions or redeem or repurchase capital stock,
- make loans, investments or acquisitions,
- enter into sale-leaseback transactions,
- enter into new lines of business,
- complete a significant corporate transaction, such as a merger or sale of our company or its assets, and
- enter into agreements that prohibit the incurrence of liens or the payment by our subsidiaries of dividends and distributions.

Our failure to comply with these restrictions and the other terms and conditions under our credit facility could result in a default, which in turn could result in the termination of the lenders' commitments to extend further credit to us under our credit  facility  and  acceleration  of  a  substantial  portion  of  our  indebtedness  then  outstanding  under  our  credit facility. If that were to happen, we may not be able to repay all of the amounts that would become due under our indebtedness  or  refinance  our  debt,  which  could  materially  harm  our  business  and  force  us  to  seek  bankruptcy protection.

Atairos, our largest stockholder, may have significant influence over our Company, and the ownership of capital stock, and  thus  the  voting  control,  of  our  Company  remains  concentrated  in  our  executive  officers,  directors  and  their affiliates, which limits your ability to influence corporate matters.

On February 1, 2017, an entity affiliated with Atairos Group, Inc. (together with its affiliates, 'Atairos') became our largest  stockholder  when  it  acquired  the  shares  of  TriNet  common  stock  previously  held  by  General Atlantic.  In

connection with this transaction, we appointed Michael J. Angelakis, the Chairman and CEO of Atairos, to our board of  directors  and  agreed  to  nominate  Mr. Angelakis  or  another  designee  of Atairos  reasonably  acceptable  to  our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for election at future annual meetings until Atairos' beneficial ownership falls below 15% of our common stock. As of January 31, 2023, Atairos beneficially owned approximately 36% of our outstanding common stock, and all of our directors, executive officers and their affiliates, including Atairos, beneficially  own,  in  the  aggregate,  approximately  37%  of  our  outstanding  common  stock. As  a  result,  Atairos, particularly when acting with our executive officers, directors and their affiliates, is able to exert substantial influence on all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. In addition, our stockholders have no assurances that Atairos'  holdings,  or  the  holdings  of  our  other  large  stockholders,  in  our  common  stock  will  not increase. This concentration of ownership could limit the ability of other stockholders to influence corporate matters and may have the effect of delaying or preventing a third party from acquiring control over us.

## Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

## Item 2. Properties

We lease space for our offices in various U.S. states, including the following:

## Corporate Headquarters:

- Dublin, California

## Significant Client Service Centers:

- Bradenton, Florida
- Austin, Texas

For more information regarding our leases, refer to Note 7 in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K.

## Item 3. Legal Proceedings

For the information required in this section, refer to Note 9 in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K.

## Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

## PART II

## Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

## Market Information and Holders of Record

Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol 'TNET'.

As of February 8, 2023, we had 93 holders of record of our common stock per Computershare Trust Company N.A., our transfer agent. Our actual number of stockholders is greater than the number of our record holders, because it includes stockholders who are beneficial owners of our common stock, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in a trust by other entities.

For information regarding our equity-based incentive plans, please refer to Part III, Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, of this Form 10-K.

## Dividend Policy

We did not declare or pay cash dividends in 2022 or 2021. Payment of cash dividends in the future, if ever, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions under our credit facility (refer to Note 8 in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K), capital requirements, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant.

## Performance Graph

The graph on the following page compares the cumulative return on our common stock since December 31, 2017 with the cumulative return on the S&amp;P 500 Index and a Peer Group Index. The cumulative return is based on the assumption that $100 had been invested in TriNet Group, Inc. common stock, the Standard &amp; Poor's 500 Stock Index (S&amp;P 500) and common stock of members of a Peer Group Index, all on December 31, 2017 and that all quarterly dividends  were  reinvested.  The  cumulative  dollar  returns  shown  on  the  graph  represent  the  value  that  such investments would have had at each year end.

## COMPARISON OF 5-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN

Among TriNet Group, Inc., the S&amp;P 500 Index, and a Peer Group (1)

<!-- image -->

(1)  The Peer Group Index used in the chart above consists of the following companies:

Automatic Data Processing, Inc.

Insperity, Inc.

Paychex, Inc.

Barrett Business Services, Inc.

Intuit, Inc.

## Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The following table provides information about our purchases of TriNet common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022:

| Period  Total Number of  Shares  Purchased  (1)  Weighted Average  Price  Paid Per Share  Total Number of  Shares  Purchased  as Part of Publicly  Announced Plans  (2)  Approximate Dollar  Value  of Shares that May  Yet Be Purchased  Under the Plans  (i  illi  )  (3)  October 1 - October 31, 2022  170,280  $  65.34  169,971  $  173  November 1 - November 30, 2022  179,654  $  65.09  133,141  $  165  December 1 - December 31, 2022  1,776,500  $  71.19  1,675,744  $  245  Total  2,126,434  1,978,856   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) In May 2014, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program pursuant to which we are authorized to repurchase our common stock in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. From time to time, our board of directors authorizes increases to our stock repurchase program and has approved an aggregate total of $1,451 million as of December 31, 2022, which includes the approval of aggregate increases of $300 million and $200 million in February 2022 and November 2022, respectively. The total remaining authorization for future stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program was $245 million as of December 31, 2022. The program does not have an expiration date.

(2) Includes shares surrendered by employees to us to satisfy tax withholding obligations that arose upon vesting of restricted stock units granted pursuant to approved plans.

(3) We repurchased a total of approximately $139 million of our outstanding stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022.

We use our stock repurchase program to return value to our stockholders and to offset dilution from the issuance of stock under our equity-based incentive plans and employee purchase plan. As part of our stock repurchase program,

we repurchased approximately $519 million of our common stock in 2022. We plan to use current cash and cash generated from ongoing operating activities to fund our stock repurchase program.

Under  our  previously  announced  tender  offers,  we  purchased  3,653,690  of  our  shares  for  an  aggregate  cost  of approximately $319 million, including fees and expenses, in March 2022, and we purchased 1,515,258 of our shares for an aggregate cost of approximately $111 million, including fees and expenses, in December 2022.

Our stock repurchases are subject to certain restrictions under the terms of our credit facility. For more information about our stock repurchases and the restrictions imposed by our credit facility, refer to Note 8 and Note 11 in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K.

## Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

## Operational Highlights

Our consolidated results for 2022 reflect our continuing efforts to serve our clients through the current economic uncertainty and investing in our platform.

During 2022 we:

- continued to grow total revenues,
- completed the acquisition of Zenefits, diversifying our product and service offerings,
- completed the acquisition of Clarus R+D, expanding our service offerings for all SMBs,
- hosted the 3rd annual TriNet PeopleForce, our showcase client and prospect conference focused on business transformation, agility and innovation for small and medium-size businesses,
- launched  Enrich,  an  innovative  product  line  that  will  allow  clients  to  expand  the  benefits  they  offer  to  their employees,
- provided our 2022 Credits to benefit eligible clients, resulting in an aggregate $75 million reduction in insurance service revenues recognized,
- completed approximately $519 million in share repurchases of TriNet common stock including tender offers to repurchase $316 million and $109 million in shares in February and December, respectively.

## Performance Highlights

Our results for 2022 when compared to 2021 are noted below:

| $4.9B  $499M  84%  Total revenues  Operating income  Insurance cost ratio  8 %  increase  10 %  Increase  (2)  %  decrease  $355M  $5.61  $448M  Net income  Diluted EPS  Adjusted Net income *  5 %  increase  11 %  Increase  19 %  increase  348,543  348,652  248,496  Average WSE  Total WSE  Average HRIS Users  2 %  increase  (4)  %  Decrease   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Non-GAAP measure. See definitions below under the heading "Non-GAAP Financial Measures".

We continued to achieve year-over-year revenue growth, increased our Average WSEs, achieved higher insurance and service fee rates, and added additional HRIS cloud services following the acquisition of Zenefits in February 2022 and Clarus R+D in September 2022.

Increased medical services utilization in 2022, combined with increased volume due to Average WSE growth, resulted in higher insurance costs compared to 2021.

The growth in total revenues, partially offset by increases in insurance costs and operating expenses, resulted in increases in our net income of 5% and Adjusted Net Income of 19%.

Total  WSEs  decreased  from  December  31,  2021  due  to  net  PEO  client  attrition  from  larger  clients,  lower-thanexpected new client additions, and reduced hiring from our PEO clients, particularly in the second half of 2022.

## Results of Operations

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. For details of the critical accounting judgments and estimates that could affect the Results of Operations, see the Critical Accounting Judgments and Estimates section within MD&amp;A.

| Year Ended December 31,  % Change  (in millions, except operating metrics data)  2022  2021  2020  2022 vs.  2021  2021 vs.  2020  Income Statement Data:  Professional service revenues  $  754  $  639  $  544  18 %  17 %  Insurance service revenues  4,131  3,901  3,490  6  12  Total revenues  4,885  4,540  4,034  8  13  Insurance costs  3,463  3,339  2,979  4  12  Operating expenses  923  746  687  24  9  Total costs and operating expenses  4,386  4,085  3,666  7  11  Operating income  499  455  368  10  24  Other income (expense):  Interest expense, bank fees and other  (39)  (20)  (21)  95  (5)  Interest income  22  6  10  267  (40)  Income before provision for income taxes  482  441  357  9  24  Income taxes  127  103  85  23  21  Net income  $  355  $  338  $  272  5 %  24 %  Cash Flow Data:  Net cash provided by operating activities  562  218  546  158 %  (60)  %  Net cash used in investing activities  (226)  (135)  (151)  67  (11)  Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities  (536)  12  (208)  (4,567)  (106)  Non-GAAP measures  (1) :  Adjusted EBITDA  688  565  468  22  21 %  Adjusted Net income  448  376  303  19  24  Corporate Operating Cash Flow  497  415  338  20  23  Operating Metrics:  Insurance Cost Ratio  84 %  86 %  85 %  (2)  1 %  Average WSEs  348,543  340,067  323,672  2  5  Total WSEs  348,652  364,940  331,908  (4)  10  Average HRIS Users  (2)  248,496  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Refer to Non-GAAP measures definitions and reconciliations from GAAP measures under the heading " Non-GAAP Financial Measures ".

(2) For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, reflects HRIS Users from February 15, 2022, the date on which we acquired Zenefits, to the end of the period.

The following table summarizes our balance sheet data as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

| Year Ended December 31,  % Change  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  2022 vs.  2021  2021 vs.  2020  Balance Sheet Data:  Cash and cash equivalents  $  354  $  612  $  301  (42)  %  103 %  Working capital  338  700  290  (52)  %  141 %  Total assets  3,443  3,309  3,043  4 %  9 %  Debt  496  495  369  - %  34 %  Total stockholders' equity  775  881  607  (12)  %  45 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for 2021 compared to 2020 can be found under Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021.

## Non-GAAP Financial Measures

In addition to financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP, we monitor other non-GAAP financial measures that we use to manage our business, to make planning decisions, to allocate resources and to use as performance measures  in  our  executive  compensation  plan.  These  key  financial  measures  provide  an  additional  view  of  our operational performance over the long-term and provide information that we use to maintain and grow our business.

The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures is used to enhance the understanding of certain aspects of our financial performance. It is not meant to be considered in isolation from, superior to, or as a substitute for the directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP.

| Non-GAAP Measure  Definition  How We Use The Measure  Adjusted EBITDA  • Net income, excluding the effects of:  - income tax provision,  - interest expense, bank fees and other,  - depreciation,  - amortization of intangible assets,  - stock based compensation expense,  - amortization of cloud computing  arrangements, and  - transaction and integration costs.  • Provides period-to-period comparisons on  a consistent basis and an understanding as  to  how  our  management  evaluates  the  effectiveness of our business strategies by  excluding certain non-recurring costs, which  include transaction and integration costs, as  well  as  certain  non-cash  charges  such  as  depreciation  and  amortization,  and  stock-  based compensation and certain impairment  charges recognized based on the estimated  fair  values.  We  believe  these  charges  are  either  not  directly  resulting  from  our  core  operations  or  not  indicative  of  our  ongoing  operations.  •  Enhances  comparisons  to  prior  periods  and, accordingly, facilitates the development  of  future  projections  and  earnings  growth  prospects.  • Provides a measure, among others, used  in  the  determination  of  incentive  compensation for management.  Adjusted Net Income  • Net income, excluding the effects of:  - effective income tax rate  (1)  ,  - stock based compensation,  - amortization of intangible assets, net,  - non-cash interest expense  (2) ,  - transaction and integration costs, and  - the income tax effect (at our effective tax  •  Provides  information  to  our  stockholders  and board of directors to understand how our  management  evaluates  our  business,  to  monitor and evaluate our operating results,  and  analyze  profitability  of  our  ongoing  operations and trends on a consistent basis  by excluding certain non-cash charges.  Corporate Operating Cash  Flows  •  Net  cash provided by (used in) operating  activities, excluding the effects of:  -  Assets  associated  with  WSEs  (accounts  receivable,  unbilled  revenue,  prepaid  expenses and other current assets) and  -  Liabilities  associated  with  WSEs  (client  deposits and other client liabilities, accrued  wages, payroll tax liabilities and other payroll  withholdings,  accrued  health  benefit  costs,  accrued  workers'  compensation  costs,  insurance  premiums  and  other  payables,  • Provides information that our stockholders  and  management can  use  to  evaluate  our  cash flows from operations independent of  the current assets and liabilities associated  with our WSEs.  •  Enhances  comparisons  to  prior  periods  and, accordingly, used as a liquidity measure  to  manage liquidity between corporate and  WSE  related  activities,  and  to  help  determine and plan our cash flow and capital  strategies.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

- (1) Non-GAAP effective tax rate is 25.5% for 2022, 2021 and 2020, which excludes the income tax impact from stock-based compensation, changes in uncertain tax positions and nonrecurring benefits or expenses from federal legislative changes.
- (2) Non-cash interest expense represents amortization and write-off of our debt issuance costs and loss on a terminated derivative.

## Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures

The table below presents a reconciliation of Net income to Adjusted EBITDA:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Net income  $  355  $  338  $  272  Provision for income taxes  127  103  85  Stock based compensation  62  50  43  Interest expense, bank fees and other  (1)  39  20  21  Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets  (2)  64  54  47  Amortization of cloud computing arrangements  4  -  -  Transaction and integration costs  37  -  -  Adjusted EBITDA  $  688  $  565  $  468  Adjusted EBITDA Margin  14.1 %  12.5 %  11.6  %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Amount includes $17M of realized investments losses on sales and impairments related to AFS securities in 2022.

(2) Amount includes impairment of customer relationship intangibles in 2021.

The table below presents a reconciliation of Net income to Adjusted Net Income:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Net income  $  355  $  338  $  272  Effective income tax rate adjustment  5  (10)  (6)  Stock based compensation  62  50  43  Amortization of other intangible assets, net  ( ¹  )  18  12  5  Non-cash interest expense  1  3  1  Transaction and integration costs  37  -  -  Income tax impact of pre-tax adjustments  (30)  (17)  (12)  Adjusted Net Income  $  448  $  376  $  303   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Amount includes impairment of customer relationship intangibles in 2021.

The table below presents a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to Corporate Operating Cash Flows:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Net cash provided by operating activities  $  562  $  218  $  546  Less: Change in WSE related other current assets  (149)  (51)  10  Less: Change in WSE related liabilities  214  (146)  198  Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities - WSE  $  65  $  (197)  $  208  Net cash provided by operating activities - Corporate  $  497  $  415  $  338   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Operating Metrics

## Worksite Employees (WSE)

Average WSE growth is a volume measure we use to monitor the performance of our business. Average WSEs increased 2% when comparing 2022 to 2021, primarily due to increased hiring by our PEO clients in 2021, which created a higher installed base to start 2022. This was partially offset by net client attrition from larger clients, lowerthan expected new client additions in 2022, and reduced hiring by our PEO clients in the second half of 2022.

Total WSEs can be used to estimate our beginning WSEs for the next period and, as a result, can be used as an indicator of our potential future success in generating revenue, growing our business and retaining clients. Total WSEs declined 4% when comparing 2022 to 2021, primarily due to attrition from larger clients, lower-than-expected new client additions, and reduced hiring from our PEO clients, particularly in the second half of 2022.

Anticipated revenues for future periods can diverge from the revenue expectation derived from Average WSEs or Total WSEs due to pricing differences across our HR solutions and services and the degree to which clients and WSEs elect to participate in our solutions during future periods. In addition to focusing on growing our Average WSE and Total WSE counts, we also focus on pricing strategies, benefit participation and service differentiation to expand our revenue opportunities. We report the impact of client and WSE participation differences as a change in mix.

In addition to focusing on retaining and growing our WSE base, we continue to review acquisition opportunities that would add appropriately to our scale. We continue to invest in efforts intended to enhance client experience and manage attrition, through operational and process improvements.

<!-- image -->

## HRIS Users

Average HRIS Users is a volume measure we use to monitor the performance of our cloud-based HRIS services. Average HRIS Users for the period ended December 31, 2022 was 248,496, which reflects average HRIS Users from February 15, 2022, the date on which we acquired Zenefits, to the end of the period.

## Insurance Cost Ratio (ICR)

ICR is a performance measure calculated as the ratio of insurance costs to insurance service revenues. We believe that ICR promotes an understanding of our insurance cost trends and our ability to align our relative pricing to risk performance.

We purchase workers' compensation and health benefits coverage for our colleagues and WSEs. Under the insurance policies  for  this  coverage,  we  bear  claims  costs  up  to  a  defined  deductible  amount.  Our  insurance  costs,  which comprise  a  significant  portion  of  our  overall  costs,  are  significantly  affected  by  our  WSEs'  health  and  workers' compensation insurance claims experience. We set our insurance service fees for workers' compensation and health benefits in advance for fixed benefit periods. As a result, increases in insurance costs above our projections, reflected as a higher ICR, result in lower net income. Decreases in insurance costs below our projections, reflected as a lower ICR, result in higher net income, but can be an indicator that insurance costs are developing more slowly than our projections, which are reflected in our fees, and this can have a negative impact on client retention and new sales.

Under our fully-insured workers' compensation insurance policies, we assume the risk for losses up to $1 million per claim occurrence (deductible layer). The ultimate cost of the workers' compensation services provided cannot be known until all the claims are settled. Our ability to predict these costs is limited by unexpected increases in frequency or severity of claims, which can vary due to changes in the cost of treatments or claim settlements.

Under our risk-based health insurance policies, we assume the risk of variability in future health claims costs for our enrollees. This variability typically results from changing trends in the volume, severity and ultimate cost of medical and pharmaceutical claims, due to changes to the components of MCT, which we define as changes in participant use of services, including the introduction of new treatment options, changes in treatment guidelines and mandates, and changes in the mix, cost of providing treatment and timing of services provided to plan participants. These trends change, and other seasonal trends and variability may develop. As a result, it is difficult for us to predict our insurance costs with accuracy and a significant increase in these costs could have a material adverse effect on our business.

| (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Insurance costs  $  3,463  $  3,339  $  2,979  Insurance service revenues  4,131  3,901  3,490  Insurance Cost Ratio  84 %  86 %  85 %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

ICR decreased for the year as insurance costs grew at a higher rate than ISR in 2022. Insurance costs increased due to higher volume from higher Average WSEs and rate increases. ISR also increased due to higher volume and rate increases, partially offset by our 2022 Credits.

Our insurance costs remained below our expectations in 2022 and we have observed lower-than-expected insurance costs in each year since the COVID-19 pandemic began. For more details see the section below titled 'Insurance Costs'.

## Total Revenues

Our revenues consist of professional service revenues (PSR) and insurance service revenues (ISR). PSR represents fees charged to clients for processing payroll-related transactions on behalf of our PEO and HRIS clients, access to our HR expertise, employment and benefit law compliance services, other HR-related services and fees charged to access our cloud-based HRIS services. Starting in the third quarter of 2022, PSR includes revenues from Clarus R+D. ISR consists of insurance-related billings and administrative fees collected from clients and withheld from WSEs for workers' compensation insurance and health benefit insurance plans provided by third-party insurance carriers.

During 2022, we recognized $75 million in reductions to revenue resulting from our 2022 Credits. This amount reflects estimated  credits  that  will  be  paid  to  eligible  clients  under  these  credits,  which  was  based  on  the  expected performance of our health insurance costs in 2022. These credits are recorded as a reduction to ISR and are payable within 12 months to eligible clients.

Monthly total revenues per Average WSE is a measure we use to monitor our PEO pricing strategies. This measure increased 4% in 2022 compared to 2021.

We also use the following measures to further analyze changes in total revenue:

- Volume - the percentage change in period over period Average WSEs,
- Rate - the combined weighted average percentage changes in service fees for each vertical service and changes in service fees associated with each insurance service offering,
- Mix - the change in composition of Average WSEs within our verticals combined with the composition of our enrolled WSEs within our insurance service offerings and the composition of products and services our clients receive, including Clarus R+D,
- Credit - the weighted average change in amounts recognized for our Recovery Credits, and
- HRIS - incremental HRIS cloud services revenue from our acquisition of Zenefits in February 2022.

<!-- image -->

The growth in total revenues was primarily driven by a growth in rate, higher Average WSEs, favorable change in our vertical  mix  and  higher  health  plan  enrollment,  and  the  addition  of  HRIS  cloud  services  revenue  following  the acquisition of Zenefits.

## Operating Income

Our operating income consists of total revenues less insurance costs and OE. Our insurance costs include insurance premiums  for  coverage  provided  by  insurance  carriers,  reimbursement  of  claims  payments  made  by  insurance carriers or third-party administrators, and changes in accrued costs related to contractual obligations with our workers' compensation  and  health  benefit  carriers.  Our  OE  consists  primarily  of  our  colleagues'  compensation  related expenses, which includes payroll, payroll taxes, SBC, bonuses, commissions and other payroll-and benefits-related costs.

The table below provides a view of the changes in components of operating income on a year-over-year basis.

(in millions)

| $455  2021 Operating Income  +345  Higher total revenues primarily driven by the addition of HRIS cloud services revenue, rate increases  and higher Average WSEs, partially offset by higher reductions in revenue from our 2022 Credits.  -124  Higher insurance costs primarily as a result of higher  Average WSEs and higher medical services  utilization.  -177  Higher OE primarily as a result of increased G&amp;A driven by the Zenefits and Clarus R+D acquisitions,  together with higher compensation to support initiatives to improve client experience, enhance service  offerings, upgrade our software and technology platforms, and improve our internal processes.  $499  2022 Operating Income   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Professional Service Revenues

Our PEO and HRIS clients are primarily billed on a fee per WSE or HRIS User per month per transaction. Our vertical approach provides us the flexibility to offer our PEO clients in different industries with varied services at different prices,  which  we  believe  potentially  reduces  the  value  of  solely  using Average  WSE  and  Total  WSE  counts  as indicators of future potential revenue performance.

We also analyze changes in PSR with the following measures:

- Volume - the percentage change in period over period Average WSEs,
- Rate - the weighted average percentage change in fees for each vertical,
- Mix - the change in composition of Average WSEs across our verticals, and the composition of products and services our clients receive, including Clarus R+D,
- Credit - the weighted average change in amounts recognized for our Recovery Credits, and
- HRIS - incremental HRIS cloud services revenue from our acquisition of Zenefits in February 2022.

<!-- image -->

The growth in PSR was driven by the addition of our new HRIS cloud services revenue from our acquisition of Zenefits and a growth in rate from our PEO services. The growth was also driven by higher average WSEs and a favorable change in our vertical mix, with most of our WSE growth coming from our Technology, Professional Services and Financial Services verticals. Further, our Recovery Credits did not reduce PSR in 2022 compared to $4 million in 2021.

## Insurance Service Revenues

ISR consists of insurance services-related billings and administrative fees collected from PEO clients and withheld from WSE payroll for health benefits and workers' compensation insurance provided by third-party insurance carriers.

We use the following measures to analyze changes in ISR:

- Volume - the percentage change in period over period Average WSEs,
- Rate - the weighted average percentage change in fees associated with each of our insurance service offerings,
- Mix - all other changes including the composition of our enrolled WSEs within our insurance service offerings (health plan enrollment), and
- Credit - the weighted average amounts recognized for our Recovery Credits.

<!-- image -->

The growth in ISR was primarily driven by higher Average WSEs and rate increases. In addition, we accrued $37 million more in insurance service revenue reductions related to our 2022 credits as compared to our credits in 2021.

## Insurance Costs

Insurance costs include insurance premiums for coverage provided by insurance carriers, payments for claims costs and expenses for other risk management services, reimbursement of claims payments made by insurance carriers or third-party administrators below a predefined deductible limit, and changes in accrued costs related to contractual obligations with our workers' compensation and health benefit carriers.

We use the following measures to analyze changes in insurance costs:

- Volume - the percentage change in period over period Average WSEs,
- Rate - the weighted average percentage change in cost trend associated with each of our insurance service offerings, and
- Mix - all other changes including the composition of our enrolled WSEs within our insurance service offerings (health plan enrollment).

<!-- image -->

The increase in our insurance costs is driven by higher volume from higher average WSEs in 2022. In addition, our medical services utilization increased as enrollees continued to return to outpatient medical, dental, and vision care as well as elected procedures during 2022. Our insurance costs remained below our expectations in 2022. We believe this occurred in part as a result of constraints on access to medical services and systems early in 2022, particularly in regions that saw shortages in active medical personnel. We set our fees based in part on our projections regarding medical claims, and because the claims experience of our health insurance plans did not develop at the same rate as our fee increases in 2022, we announced an increased amount of Recovery Credits in 2022 when compared to 2021 to incentivize client loyalty and retention. We have observed lower-than-expected insurance costs in each year since the COVID-19 pandemic began.

## Operating Expenses

OE includes  cost  of  providing  services  (COPS),  sales  and  marketing  (S&amp;M),  general  and  administrative  (G&amp;A), systems development and programming (SD&amp;P), and depreciation and amortization expenses (D&amp;A).

We had approximately 3,600 colleagues as of December 31, 2022 primarily across the U.S. but also in India and Canada following our 2022 acquisition of Zenefits. In 2022, we closed several underutilized office space locations due to our evolving remote work practices and policies. Compensation costs for our colleagues include payroll, payroll taxes, SBC, bonuses, commissions and other payroll- and benefits-related costs. Compensation-related expense represented 63% and 62% of our OE in 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Transaction and integration costs associated with our acquisition of Zenefits and Clarus R+D are included in G&amp;A. These costs include advisory, legal, employee retention costs tied to ongoing employment. Refer to Note 16 in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, in this Form 10-K for further discussion.

In 2022, we experienced OE growth of 24% compared to 2021. The ratio of OE to total revenues was 19% and 16% in 2022 and 2021, respectively.

<!-- image -->

2022

% represents portion of compensation related expense included in operating expenses

We analyze and present our OE based upon the business functions COPS, S&amp;M, G&amp;A and SD&amp;P and D&amp;A. The charts  below  provide  a  view  of  the  expenses  of  the  business  functions.  Dollars  are  presented  in  millions  and percentages represent year-over-year change.

<!-- image -->

(in millions)

| $746  2021 Operating Expense  +39  COPS increased, driven primarily by additional hiring to support more WSEs and incremental costs  related to our HRIS Cloud Services.  +40  S&amp;M increased, driven primarily by increased compensation, technology spend, travel and  entertainment and partially offset by a reduction in broker referral commissions.  +65  G&amp;A increased, driven primarily by the $42 million of transaction and integration costs related to the  Zenefits and Clarus R+D acquisitions, higher compensation, technology services expenses to improve  our systems and processes, and to enhance our service offerings, and impairments related to  underutilized office space, partially offset by lower payroll tax and related assessments.  +23  SD&amp;P increased, driven primarily by increased compensation and technology service expenses as we  continue to work to improve our client experience and our systems and processes.  +10  D&amp;A increased, due to the amortization of intangible assets recognized for the Zenefits and Clarus  R+D acquisitions.  $923  2022 Operating Expenses   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The primary spend type drivers to the changes in our OE are presented below:

## Change in Operating Expenses (Smillions)

<!-- image -->

## Other Income (Expense)

Other income (expense) consists primarily of interest and dividend income from investments, interest expense under our previous credit facility and interest on our 3.50% Senior Notes due 2029 (our 2029 Notes) issued in February 2021.

<!-- image -->

Interest income increased primarily related to the higher interest rates received on investments and interest earning deposits as market interest rates increased over 2022. Interest expense, bank fees and other increased primarily due to realized losses on the sales of lower-yielding investments and the impairment of other investments.

## Provision for Income Taxes

Our effective tax rate (ETR) was 26% and 23% for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in ETR was primarily attributable to increases in nondeductible expenses and charges to valuation allowances. In addition, we realized a decrease in tax benefits related to stock-based compensation. The 2021 ETR was also impacted by a one-time benefit associated with a favorable adjustment of our previously disputed receivable from the IRS.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

## Liquidity

Liquidity  is  a  measure  of  our  ability  to  access  sufficient  cash  flows  to  meet  the  short-term  and  long-term  cash requirements of our business operations. Our principal source of liquidity for operations is derived from cash provided by operating activities. We rely on cash provided by operating activities to meet our short-term liquidity requirements, which primarily relate to the payment of corporate payroll and other operating costs, and capital expenditures. Our cash flow related to WSE payroll and benefits is generally matched by advance collection from our clients. To minimize the credit risk associated with remitting the payroll and associated taxes and benefits costs, we require PEO clients to prefund the payroll and related payroll taxes and benefits costs.

We believe that we can meet our present and reasonably foreseeable operating cash needs and future commitments through existing liquid assets and continuing cash flows from corporate operating activities.

Included in our balance sheets are assets and liabilities resulting from transactions directly or indirectly associated with WSEs, including payroll and related taxes and withholdings, our sponsored workers' compensation and health insurance programs, and other benefit programs. Although we are not subject to regulatory restrictions that require us to do so, we distinguish and manage our corporate assets and liabilities separately from those current assets and liabilities held by us to satisfy our employer obligations associated with our WSEs as follows:

| December 31,  2022  2021  (in millions)  Corporate  WSE  Total  Corporate  WSE  Total  Current assets:  Cash and cash equivalents  $  354  $  -  $  354  $  612  $  -  $  612  Investments  76  -  76  135  -  135  Restricted cash, cash equivalents and investments  22  1,241  1,263  19  1,176  1,195  Other current assets  78  555  633  91  406  497  Total current assets  $  530  $  1,796  $  2,326  $  857  $  1,582  $  2,439  Total current liabilities  192  1,796  $  1,988  $  157  $  1,582  $  1,739  Working capital  $  338  $  -  $  338  $  700  $  -  $  700   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.

## Working capital for WSEs related activities

We designate funds to ensure that we have adequate current assets to satisfy our current obligations associated with WSEs. We manage our WSE payroll and benefits obligations through collections of payments from our clients which generally occur two to three days in advance of client payroll dates. We regularly review our short-term obligations associated with our WSEs (such as payroll and related taxes, insurance premium and claim payments) and designate funds required to fulfill these short-term obligations, which we refer to as PFC. PFC is included in current assets as restricted cash, cash equivalents and investments.

We manage our sponsored benefit and workers' compensation insurance obligations by maintaining collateral funds in  restricted  cash,  cash  equivalents  and  investments.  These  collateral  amounts  are  generally  determined  at  the beginning of each plan year and we may be required by our insurance carriers to adjust our collateral balances when facts  and  circumstances  change.  We  regularly  review  our  collateral  balances  with  our  insurance  carriers  and anticipate funding further collateral in the future based upon our capital requirements. We classify our restricted cash, cash  equivalents  and  investments  as  current  and  noncurrent  assets  to  match  against  the  anticipated  timing  of payments to carriers.

The following table summarizes our workers' compensation obligations, gross of collateral, as of December 31, 2022,

| Payments Due by Period  (in millions)  Total  Less than 1  year  1-3 years  3-5 years  More than 5  years  Workers' compensation obligations  (1)  $  189  $  56  $  57  $  25  $  51   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Represents estimated payments that are expected to be made to carriers for various workers' compensation programs under the contractual obligations. These obligations include the costs of reimbursing the carriers for paying claims within the deductible layer in accordance with the workers' compensation insurance policy.

## Working capital for corporate purposes

Corporate working capital as of December 31, 2022 decreased $362 million from December 31, 2021, primarily driven by a $258 million decrease in corporate unrestricted cash and cash equivalents driven by cash outflows to repurchase our stock and acquire Zenefits and Clarus R+D.

We use our available cash and cash equivalents to satisfy our operational and regulatory requirements and to fund capital expenditures. We believe that we can meet our present and reasonably foreseeable operating cash needs and future commitments through existing liquid assets, continuing cash flows from corporate operating activities and the potential issuance of debt or equity securities. We believe our existing corporate cash and cash equivalents and positive working capital will be sufficient to meet our working capital expenditure needs for at least the next twelve months.

The following table summarizes our purchase obligations as of December 31, 2022,

| Payments Due by Period  (in millions)  Total  Less than 1  year  1-3 years  3-5 years  More than 5  years  Purchase obligations  (1)  $  172  $  131  $  37  $  4  $  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Our purchase obligations primarily consist of software licenses, consulting and maintenance agreements, and sales and marketing events pertaining to various agreements.

## Cash Flows

The following table presents our cash flow activities for the stated periods:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  Corporate  WSE  Total  Corporate  WSE  Total  Net cash provided by (used in):  Operating activities  $  497  $  65  $  562  $  415  $  (197)  $  218  Investing activities  (214)  (12)  (226)  (119)  (16)  (135)  Financing activities  (536)  -  (536)  12  -  12  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  (1)  -  (1)  -  -  -  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, unrestricted  and restricted  $  (254)  $  53  $  (201)  $  308  $  (213)  $  95  Cash and cash equivalents, unrestricted and restricted:  Beginning of period  $  660  $1,078  $ 1,738  $  352  $ 1,291  $1,643  End of period  $  406  $1,131  $ 1,537  $  660  $ 1,078  $1,738  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents:  Unrestricted  $  (258)  $  -  $  (258)  $  311  $  -  $  311  Restricted  4  53  57  (3)  (213)  (216)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Operating Activities

Components of net cash provided by (used in) operating activities are as follows:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  Net cash provided by operating activities  $  562  $  218  Net cash provided by operating activities - Corporate  $  497  $  415  Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities - WSE  $  65  $  (197)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The year-over-year change in net cash provided by (used in) operating activities for WSE purposes was primarily driven by timing of client payments, payments of payroll and payroll taxes, settlement of the Recovery Credits and

insurance claim activities. We expect the changes in restricted cash and cash equivalents to correspond to WSE cash provided by (used in) operations as we manage our obligations associated with WSEs through restricted cash.

Our corporate operating cash flows in 2022 increased when compared to 2021 due to the increase in our net income and the timing of our payments of corporate obligations.

## Investing Activities

Cash used in investing activities for the periods presented below primarily consisted of purchases of investments, capital  expenditures  and  acquisition  of  subsidiaries,  partially  offset  by  proceeds  from  the  sale  and  maturity  of investments.

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  Investments:  Purchases of investments  $  (410)  $  (444)  Proceeds from sale and maturity of investments  469  349  Acquisition of subsidiaries  (229)  -  Cash used in investments  $  (170)  $  (95)  Capital expenditures:  Software and hardware  $  (47)  $  (33)  Office furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements  (9)  (7)  Cash used in capital expenditures  $  (56)  $  (40)  Cash used in investing activities  $  (226)  $  (135)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Investments

We invest a portion of available cash in investment-grade securities with effective maturities less than five years that are classified on our balance sheets as investments.

We also invest funds held as collateral to satisfy our long-term obligation towards workers' compensation liabilities. These investments are classified on our balance sheets as restricted cash, cash equivalents and investments. We review the amount and the anticipated holding period of these investments regularly in conjunction with our estimated long-term  workers'  compensation  liabilities  and  anticipated  claims  payment  trend.  At  December 31,  2022,  our investments had a weighted average duration of less than two years and an average S&amp;P credit rating of AA+.

As of December 31, 2022, we held approximately $2.0 billion in restricted and unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and investments, of which $354 million was unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and $227 million was unrestricted investments. Refer to Note 2 in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, in this Form 10-K for a summary of these funds.

In February 2022, we acquired Zenefits for a total purchase price of $209 million, settled by the issuance of $17 million of TriNet stock to eligible selling shareholders, with the remainder paid in cash from corporate working capital. Refer to Note 16 in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K.

In September 2022, we acquired Clarus R+D for a total purchase price of $48 million, which was paid in cash from corporate working capital. Refer to Note 16 in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K.

## Capital Expenditures

During 2022, we continued to make investments in software and hardware and we enhanced our existing service offerings and technology platform. We expect capital investments in our software and hardware to continue in the future.

## Financing Activities

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of our debt and equity-related activities.

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  Financing activities  Repurchase of common stock, net of issuance  $  (536)  $  (109)  Proceeds from issuance of 2029 Notes  -  500  Repayment of borrowings  -  (370)  Payment of debt issuance costs  -  (7)  Payment of long-term financing fees  -  (2)  Cash provided by (used in) financing activities  $  (536)  $  12   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 6,398,279 shares of our common stock for approximately $519 million under our tender offers in March 2022 and December 2022 and our ongoing stock repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, approximately $245 million remained available for repurchase under all authorizations by our board of directors. We plan to use current cash and cash generated from ongoing operating activities to fund this stock repurchase program.

In  February  2022,  our  board  of  directors  authorized  a  $300  million  incremental  increase  to  our  ongoing  stock repurchase program initiated in May 2014 and our board of directors further authorized a $200 million incremental increase to that program in November 2022. We use this program to return value to our stockholders and to offset dilution from the issuance of stock under our equity-based incentive plan and employee purchase plan.

In February 2022 and December 2022, we announced tender offers to purchase for cash up to $300 million and $250 million, respectively, in value of our issued and outstanding common stock. The February 2022 tender offer expired on March 17, 2022 and in accordance with the terms and conditions, we accepted the tender offer, and purchased, 3,653,690  shares  at  $86.50  per  share,  for  an  aggregate  cost  of  approximately  $319  million,  including  fees  and expenses. The December 2022 tender offer expired on December 6, 2022 and in accordance with the terms and conditions, we accepted the tender offer, and purchased 1,515,258 shares at $72.00 per share, for an aggregate cost of approximately $111 million, including fees and expenses.

In February 2023, our board of directors authorized another $300 million incremental increase to our ingoing stock repurchase program initiated in May 2014.

## Capital Resources

As  of  December 31,  2022,  $500  million  aggregate  principal  of  our  2029  Notes  was  outstanding.  The  Indenture governing the 2029 Notes includes restrictive covenants limiting our ability to: (i) create liens on certain assets to secure debt; (ii) grant subsidiary guarantees of certain debt without also providing a guarantee of the 2029 Notes; and (iii) consolidate or merge with or into, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets to, another person, subject, in each case, to certain customary exceptions.

Our 2021 Credit Agreement includes a $500 million revolving credit facility. The 2021 Credit Agreement includes negative covenants that limit our ability to incur indebtedness and liens, sell assets and make restricted payments, including  dividends  and  investments,  subject  to  certain  exceptions.  In  addition,  the  2021  Credit Agreement  also contains  other  customary  affirmative  and  negative  covenants  and  customary  events  of  default.  The  2021  Credit Agreement also contains a financial covenant that requires the Company to maintain certain  maximum total  net leverage ratios.

We were in compliance with all financial covenants under our 2021 Credit Agreement at December 31, 2022.

## Critical Accounting Judgments and Estimates

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which require us to make estimates, judgments,  and  assumptions  that  affect  reported  amounts  of  assets,  liabilities,  revenues  and  expenses,  and  the related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Some of the assumptions are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. To the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used, our consolidated  financial  statements  could  be  materially  affected.  For  additional  information  about  our  accounting policies, refer to Note 1 in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K.

The following items require significant estimation or judgment:

## Insurance Costs

We purchase workers' compensation and health benefits coverage for our employees and WSEs. As part of these insurance policies, we bear claims costs up to a defined deductible amount and as a result, we establish accrued insurance costs including both known claims filed and estimates for incurred but not reported claims.

We use qualified actuaries to evaluate, review and recommend estimates of our accrued workers' compensation and health insurance costs. The accrued costs studies performed by these qualified actuaries analyze historical claims data  to  develop  a  range  of  our  potential  ultimate  costs  using  loss  development,  expected  loss  ratio  and frequency/severity methods in accordance with Actuarial Standards of Practice. These methods are applied to classes of the claims data organized by policy year and risk class.

Key judgments and evaluations in arriving at loss estimates by class and the accrued costs selection overall include:

- the selection of method used and the relative weights given to selecting the method used for each policy year,
- the underlying assumptions of LDF used in these models,
- the effect of any changes to the insurers' claims handling and payment processes,

- evaluation of medical and indemnity cost trends, costs from changes in the risk exposure being evaluated and any applicable changes in legal, regulatory or judicial environment.

We review  and  evaluate  these  judgments  and  the  associated  recommendations  in  concluding  the  adequacy  of accrued costs. Our quarterly reserving process involves the collaboration of our qualified actuaries and our actuarial and  finance  departments  to  approve  a  single  point  best  estimate.  In  selecting  this  best  estimate,  management considers the actuarial estimates and applies informed judgment regarding qualitative factors that may not be fully captured in these actuarial estimates. Such factors include, but are not limited to: the timing of the emergence of claims, volume, severity and complexity of claims, social and judicial trends, medical treatment trends, the extent of our historical loss data versus industry information, rates of participant turnover, the impact of MCT and seasonal trends, the impact of setting prices in advance of benefit periods, and the impact of unanticipated events like the COVID-19 pandemic. Where adjustments are necessary these are recorded in the period in which the adjustments are identified.

These accrued costs may vary in subsequent quarters from the amount estimated. Certain assumptions used in estimating these accrued costs are highly judgmental. Our accrued costs, results of operations and financial condition can be materially impacted if actual experience differs from the assumptions used in establishing these accrued costs.

## Accrued Workers' Compensation Costs

Under our policies, we are responsible for reimbursing the insurance carriers for workers' compensation losses up to $1 million per claim occurrence (Deductible Layer). As workers' compensation costs for a particular period are not known for many years after the losses have occurred, these costs represent our best estimate of unpaid claim losses and loss adjustment expenses within the deductible layer in accordance with our insurance policies. We use actuaries to  evaluate,  review  and  recommend  accrued  workers'  compensation  costs  on  a  quarterly  basis.  The  data  is segmented by class and state and analyzed by policy year, and states where we have small exposure are aggregated into a single grouping.

We use a combination of loss development, expected loss ratio and frequency/severity methods which include the following inputs, assumptions and analytical techniques:

- Historical  volume  and  severity  of  workers'  compensation  cost  experience,  exposure  data  and  industry  loss experience related to TriNet's insurance policies,
- inputs of WSEs' job responsibilities and location,
- estimates of future cost trends,
- expected loss ratios for the latest accident year or prior accident years, adjusted for the loss trend, the effect of rate changes and other quantifiable factors, and
- LDFs to project the reported losses for each accident year to an ultimate basis.

Final cost settlements may vary materially from the present estimates, particularly when payments do not occur until well into the future. In our experience, plan years related to workers' compensation programs may take 10 years or more to be fully settled.

We believe that  our  estimate  of  accrued  workers'  compensation  costs  is  most  sensitive  to  LDFs  given  the  long reporting  and  paid  development  patterns  for  our  workers'  compensation  loss  costs.  Our  methods  of  estimating accrued workers' compensation costs rely on these LDFs and an estimate of future cost trend.

The following table illustrates the sensitivity of changes in the LDFs on our year end estimate of insurance costs (in millions of dollars):

| Change in loss development factor  Change in insurance costs  -5.0%  ($32)  -2.5%  ($18)  +2.5%  $20  +5.0%  $39   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Accrued Health Insurance Costs

We sponsor and administer a number of employee benefit plans for our WSEs, including group health, dental, vision and life insurance as an employer plan sponsor under section 3(5) of the ERISA. Approximately 84% of our group health insurance costs relate to risk-based plans in which we agree to reimburse our carriers for any claims paid within an agreed-upon per-person deductible layer up to a maximum aggregate exposure limit per policy. These deductible dollar limits and maximum limits vary by carrier and year.

Costs covered by these insurance plans generally develop on average within three to six months so insurance costs and accrued health insurance costs include estimates of reported losses and claims incurred but not yet paid (IBNP). Data is grouped and analyzed by insurance carrier.

To estimate accrued health benefits costs we use a number of inputs, assumptions and analytical techniques:

- historical loss claims payment patterns and medical cost trend rates related to TriNet's insurance policies,
- current period claims costs and claims reporting patterns (completion factors), and
- plan enrollment.

Medical cost trend rates are a significant factor we use in developing our accrued health insurance costs. Medical cost trends are developed through an analysis of claims incurred in prior months, provider pricing and indicators of health care utilization, including pharmacy utilization trends, and outpatient and inpatient utilization. Many factors may cause medical cost trend to vary from our estimates. Such factors include, but are not limited to: the timing of the emergence of claims, volume, severity and complexity of claims, social and judicial trends, medical treatment trends, the extent of our historical loss data versus industry information, rates of participant turnover, the impact of MCT and seasonal trends, the impact of setting prices in advance of benefit periods, new treatment options, and the impact of unanticipated events like the COVID-19 pandemic.

The following table illustrates the sensitivity of changes in the medical cost trend on our year end estimate of insurance costs (in millions of dollars):

| Change in medical cost trend  Change in insurance costs  +3.0%  $20  +2.0%  $14  +1.0%  $7  -1.0%  $(7)  -2.0%  $(14)  -3.0%  $(20)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Completion factors are an actuarial estimate based on historical experience and analysis of current trends, of paid costs to carriers as a percentage of the expected ultimate costs to carriers. Many factors may cause actual claims

submissions rates from our carriers to vary from our estimated completion factors, including carrier claims processing patterns, the mix of providers and the mix of electronic versus manual claims submitted to our carriers.

The following table illustrates the sensitivity of changes in completion factors on our year end estimate of insurance costs (in millions of dollars):

| Change in completion factors  Change in insurance costs  -0.75%  $18  -0.50%  $12  -0.25%  $6  +0.25%  $(6)  +0.50%  $(12)  +0.75%  $(18)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Business Combinations

Under the acquisition method of accounting we generally recognize the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed in an acquiree at their estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition. We measure goodwill as the excess of the fair value of consideration transferred over the net of the estimated fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Refer to Note 16 in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K .

The  acquisition  method  of  accounting  requires  us  to  exercise  judgment  and  make  significant  estimates  and assumptions regarding the fair values of the elements of a business combination as of the date of acquisition, including the estimated fair values of identifiable intangible assets, deferred tax asset valuation allowances, liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, and contingencies. This method also allows us to refine these estimates over a one-year measurement  period  to  reflect  new  information  obtained  about  facts  and  circumstances  that  existed  as  of  the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. If we are required to retroactively adjust provisional amounts that we have recorded for the fair values of assets and liabilities in connection with acquisitions, these adjustments could materially decrease net income and result in lower asset values on our consolidated balance sheet.

These significant estimates are inherently uncertain as they relate to future economic conditions, future cash flows that we expect to generate from the acquired assets and customer behavior. If the subsequent actual results and updated projections of the underlying business activity change compared with the assumptions and projections used to develop these values, we could record impairment charges. In addition, we have estimated the economic lives of certain acquired assets and these lives are used to calculate depreciation and amortization expense. If our estimates of the economic lives change, depreciation or amortization expenses could be accelerated or slowed.

## Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Refer to Note 1 in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K for additional information related to recent accounting pronouncements.

## Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Our exposure to changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment portfolio. Changes in U.S. interest rates affect the interest earned on the Company's cash, cash equivalents and the fair value of our investments.

Our cash equivalents consist primarily of money market mutual funds, which are not significantly exposed to interest rate risk. Our investments are subject to interest rate risk because these securities generally include a fixed interest rate. As a result, the market values of these securities are affected by changes in prevailing interest rates. We attempt to limit our exposure to interest rate risk and credit risk by investing in instruments that meet the minimum credit quality, liquidity, diversification and other requirements of our investment policy. Our investments consist of liquid, investment-grade securities. The risk of rate changes on investment balances was not material at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

TRINET GROUP, INC.

| Consolidated Financial Statements  Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No.34)  71  Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income  75  Consolidated Balance Sheets  76  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity  77  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  78  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  79  Note 1. Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies  79  Note 2. Cash, Cash Equivalents and Investments  89  Note 3. Investments  90  Note 4. Property, Equipment and Software, Net  92  Note 5. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  93  Note 6. Accrued Workers' Compensation Costs  94  Note 7. Leases  94  Note 8. Long-term Debt  95  Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies  96  Note 10. Stock Based Compensation  97  Note 11. Stockholders' Equity  99  Note 12. Income Taxes  Note 13. Earnings Per Share  Note 14. 401(k) Plan  Note 15. Related Party Transactions  Note 16. Acquisition   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

101

104

104

104

105

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of TriNet Group, Inc.

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  TriNet  Group,  Inc.  and  subsidiaries  (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of  the  Treadway  Commission  and  our  report  dated  February 15,  2023,  expressed  an  unqualified  opinion  on  the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

## Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  financial  statements  are  free  of  material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in  the  financial  statements.  Our  audits  also  included  evaluating  the  accounting  principles  used  and  significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matter

The  critical  audit  matter  communicated  below  is  a  matter  arising  from  the  current-period  audit  of  the  financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

## Accrued Workers' Compensation and Health Insurance Costs - Refer to Note 1 and Note 6 to the financial statements

## Critical Audit Matter Description

The  Company  offers  its  clients  and  worksite  employees  (WSEs)  workers'  compensation  insurance  and  health insurance coverage through insurance policies provided by third-party insurance carriers. The Company is obligated to reimburse the insurance carriers for losses up to defined deductible limits, in accordance with the insurance policies.

Accrued workers' compensation and health insurance costs are established to provide for the estimated unpaid costs of reimbursing the carriers.

The  accrued  workers'  compensation  costs  include  estimates  for  reported  and  incurred  but  not  reported  losses, accrued costs on reported claims, and expenses associated with processing and settling the claims. The estimates are based on the Company's historical and industry loss experience, exposure data, an estimate of future cost trends, expected loss ratios, and loss development factors. Accrued workers' compensation costs, net, as of December 31, 2022, were $182 million.

The accrued health insurance costs include estimates for reported losses and estimates for claims incurred but not paid. The estimates are based on the Company's historical claim payment patterns and medical cost trends, current period claim costs and claim reporting patterns, and  plan enrollment. Accrued  health insurance costs, net, as of December 31, 2022, were $174 million.

Both the accrued workers' compensation and health insurance costs are established using actuarial methods followed in the insurance industry and the Company uses qualified actuaries to develop these estimates.

Given the subjectivity of  estimating the value of the accrued workers' compensation and health insurance costs, performing  audit  procedures  to  evaluate  whether  accrued  workers'  compensation  and  health  insurance  costs recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our actuarial specialists.

## How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to the accrued workers' compensation and health insurance costs included the following, among others:

- We tested the effectiveness of controls related to accrued workers' compensation and health insurance costs.
- We tested the underlying data that served as inputs into the actuarial analyses, including testing historical claims and enrollment data and recreating the claim loss triangles.
- With  the  assistance  of  our  actuarial  specialists,  we  evaluated  the  methods  and  key  assumptions  used  by management to estimate the accrued workers' compensation and health insurance costs:
- Compared  management's  prior-year  assumptions  of  expected  development  and  ultimate  loss  to  actuals incurred during the current year to identify and evaluate potential bias in the determination of the accrued workers' compensation and health insurance costs.
- Developed an independent range of estimates of the accrued costs, utilizing loss development factors and future cost trends for accrued workers' compensation costs and claim payment patterns and medical trend rates for accrued health insurance costs. We compared our estimated ranges to management's estimates.

## /s/ DELOITTE &amp; TOUCHE LLP

San Francisco, California

February 15, 2023

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2016.

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of TriNet Group, Inc.

## Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of TriNet Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company') as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 15, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

## Basis for Opinion

The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its  assessment  of  the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  included  in  the  accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,  assessing  the  risk  that  a  material  weakness  exists,  testing  and  evaluating  the  design  and  operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect  the  transactions  and  dispositions  of  the  assets  of  the  company;  (2)  provide  reasonable  assurance  that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted  accounting  principles,  and  that  receipts  and  expenditures  of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

## /s/ DELOITTE &amp; TOUCHE LLP

## FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

San Francisco, California

February 15, 2023

## TRINET GROUP, INC.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions except per share data)  2022  2021  2020  Professional service revenues  $  754  $  639  $  544  Insurance service revenues  4,131  3,901  3,490  Total revenues  4,885  4,540  4,034  Insurance costs  3,463  3,339  2,979  Cost of providing services  303  264  262  Sales and marketing  242  202  186  General and administrative  241  176  152  Systems development and programming  73  50  40  Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets  64  54  47  Total costs and operating expenses  4,386  4,085  3,666  Operating income  499  455  368  Other income (expense):  Interest expense, bank fees and other  (39)  (20)  (21)  Interest income  22  6  10  Income before provision for income taxes  482  441  357  Income taxes  127  103  85  Net income  $  355  $  338  $  272  Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income taxes  (4)  (5)  4  Comprehensive income  $  351  $  333  $  276  Net income per share:  Basic  $  5.66  $  5.13  $  4.03  Diluted  $  5.61  $  5.07  $  3.99  Weighted average shares:  Basic  63  66  67  Diluted  64  67  68   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes.

## TRINET GROUP, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

| December 31,  December 31,  (in millions, except share and per share data)  2022  2021  ASSETS  Current assets:  Cash and cash equivalents  $  354  $  612  Investments  76  135  Restricted cash, cash equivalents and investments  1,263  1,195  Accounts receivable, net  19  15  Unbilled revenue, net  375  324  Prepaid expenses, net  71  67  Other payroll assets  122  50  Other current assets  46  41  Total current assets  2,326  2,439  Restricted cash, cash equivalents and investments, noncurrent  153  166  Investments, noncurrent  151  168  Property and equipment, net  24  24  Operating lease right-of-use asset  31  42  Goodwill  462  294  Software and other intangible assets, net  163  61  Other assets  133  115  Total assets  $  3,443  $  3,309  Liabilities and stockholders' equity  Current liabilities:  Accounts payable and other current liabilities  $  98  $  86  Client deposits and other client liabilities  106  97  Accrued wages  437  369  Accrued health insurance costs, net  174  174  Accrued workers' compensation costs, net  54  55  Payroll tax liabilities and other payroll withholdings  1,087  929  Operating lease liabilities  15  11  Insurance premiums and other payables  17  18  Total current liabilities  1,988  1,739  Long-term debt, noncurrent  496  495  Accrued workers' compensation costs, noncurrent, net  128  135  Deferred taxes  8  11  Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent  41  41  Other non-current liabilities  7  7  Total liabilities  2,668  2,428  Commitments and contingencies (see Note 9)  Stockholders' equity:  Preferred stock  -  -  ($0.000025 par value per share; 20,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding at  December 31, 2022 and 2021)  Common stock and additional paid-in capital  899  808  ($0.000025 par value per share; 750,000,000 shares authorized; 60,555,661 and 65,968,224  shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively)  Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit)  (119)  74  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (5)  (1)  Total stockholders' equity  775  881  Total liabilities &amp; stockholders' equity  $  3,443  $  3,309   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes.

## TRINET GROUP, INC.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Total Stockholders' Equity, beginning balance  $  881  $  607  $  475  Common Stock and Additional Paid-In Capital:  Beginning balance  808  747  694  Issuance of common stock from exercise of stock options  1  1  -  Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan  10  10  9  Issuance of common stock for the acquisition of Zenefits  17  -  -  Repurchase of common stock  1  -  -  Stock based compensation expense  62  50  44  Ending balance  899  808  747  Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit):  Beginning balance  74  (144)  (219)  Net income  355  338  272  Cumulative effect of accounting change  -  -  (1)  Repurchase of common stock  (524)  (94)  (178)  Awards effectively repurchased for required employee withholding taxes  (24)  (26)  (18)  Ending balance  (119)  74  (144)  Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income:  Beginning balance  (1)  4  -  Other comprehensive (loss) income  (4)  (5)  4  Ending balance  (5)  (1)  4  Total Stockholders' Equity, ending balance  $  775  $  881  $  607   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes.

## TRINET GROUP, INC.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Operating activities  Net income  $  355  $  338  272  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:  Depreciation and amortization  101  82  67  Stock based compensation  62  50  43  Amortization of ROU asset, lease modification, impairment, and abandonment  25  12  15  Accretion of discount rate on lease liabilities  2  2  2  Provision for doubtful accounts  2  -  -  Amortization of (premium) discount on investments  1  3  1  Deferred income taxes  (22)  (9)  (42)  Losses from disposition of assets  6  -  -  Losses and impairment on investments  18  -  -  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  Accounts receivable, net  -  3  (7)  Unbilled revenue, net  (51)  (78)  39  Prepaid expenses, net  (2)  (5)  (12)  Other payroll assets  (72)  10  (17)  Accounts payable and other current liabilities  (13)  33  19  Client deposits and other client liabilities  9  (37)  87  Accrued wages  65  60  (82)  Accrued health insurance costs, net  -  2  5  Accrued workers' compensation costs, net  (8)  (7)  (9)  Payroll taxes payable and other payroll withholdings  158  (166)  194  Operating lease liabilities  (17)  (13)  (19)  Other assets  (55)  (60)  (21)  Other liabilities  (2)  (2)  11  Net cash provided by operating activities  562  218  546  Investing activities  Purchases of marketable securities  (410)  (444)  (327)  Proceeds from sale and maturity of marketable securities  469  349  224  Acquisitions of property and equipment  (56)  (40)  (36)  Acquisitions of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired  (229)  -  (12)  Net cash used in investing activities  (226)  (135)  (151)  Financing activities  Repurchase of common stock  (523)  (94)  (178)  Proceeds from issuance of common stock  11  11  10  Awards effectively repurchased for required employee withholding taxes  (24)  (26)  (18)  Proceeds from issuance of 2029 Notes  -  500  -  Repayment of borrowings  -  (370)  (22)  Payment of long-term financing costs  -  (9)  -  Draw down from revolving credit facility  -  -  234  Repayment of borrowings under revolving credit facility  -  -  (234)  Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities  (536)  12  (208)  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  (1)  -  -  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, unrestricted and restricted  (201)  95  187  Cash and cash equivalents, unrestricted and restricted:  Beginning of period  1,738  1,643  1,456  End of period  $  1,537  $  1,738  $  1,643  Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information  Interest paid  $  18  $  12  16  Income taxes paid, net  128  129  123  Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities  Payable for purchase of property and equipment  $  6  $  3  2  Acquisitions of subsidiaries paid in stock  $  17  $  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes.

## TRINET GROUP, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Description of Business

TriNet Group, Inc. (TriNet, or the Company, we, our and us) provides comprehensive HCM solutions for small and medium-size businesses under both a co-employment model and an administrative services only model. These HCM solutions include multi-state payroll processing and tax administration, employee benefits programs, including health insurance and retirement plans, workers' compensation insurance and claims management, employment and benefit law compliance, and other HR-related services. Through the co-employment relationship, we are the employer of record for certain employment-related administrative and regulatory purposes for the worksite employees (WSEs), including:

- compensation through wages and salaries,
- certain employer payroll-related tax payments,
- employee payroll-related tax withholdings and payments,
- employee benefit programs, including health and life insurance, and others, and
- workers' compensation coverage.

Our clients are responsible for the day-to-day job responsibilities of the WSEs.

We operate in one reportable segment. All of our service revenues are generated from external clients. Less than 1% of our revenue is generated outside of the U.S.

With  our  acquisition  of  Zenefits,  we  now  also  provide  cloud-based  HCM  services  to  small  and  medium-size businesses that allows them to manage hiring, onboarding and managing employee information, payroll processing and payroll tax administration, health insurance, and other benefits, from a single cloud-based software platform. We are not the co-employer or employer of record for such users.

With our acquisition of Clarus R+D, we also provide a cloud-based software platform for R&amp;D tax credit qualification and application process services to SMBs.

## Basis of Presentation

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP). All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain  prior  year  amounts  have  been  reclassified  to  conform  to  current  period  presentation.  Specifically,  the Company  has  reclassified  developed  software  with  a  net  carrying  amount  of  $65 million  and  $55 million  as  of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to Software and other intangible assets, net from Property and equipment, net.

## Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and related disclosures.

These  estimates  are  based  on  historical  experience  and  on  various  other  assumptions  that  we  believe  to  be reasonable from the facts available to us. Some of the assumptions are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. To

the  extent  actual  experience  differs  from  the  assumptions  used,  our  consolidated  financial  statements  could  be materially affected.

## Revenue Recognition

Revenues are recognized when the promised services are transferred to our clients, in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for services. We generate all of our revenue from contracts with clients. We disaggregate revenues into professional services revenues and insurance services revenues as reported on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. In the majority of our contracts, both the client and the Company may terminate the contract without penalty by providing a 30-day notice.

## Performance Obligations

At  contract  inception,  we  assess  the  services  promised  in  our  contracts  with  clients  and  identify  a  performance obligation for each distinct promise to transfer to the client a service or bundle of services. We determined that the following distinct services represent separate performance obligations:

- Payroll and payroll tax processing,
- Health benefits services,
- Workers' compensation services, and
- A right to receive future services at a discount through a Recovery Credit.

Payroll and payroll tax processing performance obligations include services to process payroll and payroll tax-related transactions  on  behalf  of  our  PEO  and  HRIS  clients.  Revenues  associated  with  this  performance  obligation  are reported as professional service revenues and recognized using an output method in which the promised services are  transferred  when  a  client's  payroll  is  processed  by  us  and  WSEs  and  users  are  paid.  Professional  service revenues are stated net of the gross payroll and payroll tax amounts funded by our clients. Although we assume the responsibilities to process and remit the payroll and payroll related obligations, we do not assume employment-related responsibilities such as determining the amount of the payroll and related payroll obligations. As a result, we are the agent in this arrangement for revenue recognition purposes Receivables for expected payroll tax refunds are classified in other payroll assets.

Health benefits and workers' compensation services include performance obligations to provide TriNet-sponsored health benefits and workers' compensation insurance coverage through insurance policies provided by third-party insurance carriers and settle high deductible amounts on those policies. Revenues associated with these performance obligations are reported as insurance services revenues and are recognized using the output method over the period of time that the client and WSEs are covered under TriNet-sponsored insurance policies. We control the selection of health  benefits  and  workers'  compensation  coverage  made  available. As  a  result,  we  are  the  principal  in  this arrangement for revenue recognition purposes and insurance services revenues are reported gross.

In April 2020, we created Recovery Credit to assist in the economic recovery of our existing SMB clients and enhance our ability to retain these clients. Under this one-time program eligible clients received reductions against fees for future services, accounted for as a discount, over the following 12 months. This option to renew future services at a discount  represents  a  material  right  and  is  accounted  for  as  a  performance  obligation  (Recovery  Credit).  This performance obligation was satisfied when the clients successfully renewed the services contracts and the future services are transferred.

The  consideration  we  receive  that  is  allocated  to  this  performance  obligation  was  deferred  as  an  unsatisfied performance obligation and is included in client deposits and other client liabilities on the balance sheet. The amount of consideration we defer each period was dependent on the timing of when eligible clients received Recovery Credits. A total amount of $145 million of credits were issued to clients.

In 2021, we accrued $42 million under our Recovery Credits, payable within 12 months to eligible clients, related to the expected performance of our health insurance costs for the year.

In 2022, we announced a 2022 Credits to benefit our eligible clients, resulting in a $75 million reduction in insurance service revenues. These credits are based on the performance of our insurance costs are recorded as a reduction to insurance services revenues and included in client deposits and other client liabilities on the balance sheet. The change in balance for the liability for credits given back to clients in the form of the past and current Recovery Credits is the following:

| (in millions)  2022  2021  Balance at beginning of period  $  48  $  92  (+) Accruals  75  42  (-) Distributions to clients  (48)  (86)  Balance at end of period  $  75  $  48   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We generally charge new clients a nominal upfront non-refundable fee to recover our costs to set them up on our TriNet platform for payroll processing and other administrative services, such as benefit enrollments. These fees are accounted for as part of our transaction price and are allocated among the performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling prices.

## Client Deposits and Other Client Liabilities

Client deposits and other client liabilities represents our contractual commitments and payables to clients, including indemnity guarantee payments received from clients, amounts prefunded by clients for their payroll and related taxes and other withholding liabilities before payroll is processed or due for payment, as well as service fee consideration received for unsatisfied performance obligations.

## Variable Consideration and Pricing Allocation

In  addition  to  our  Recovery  Credits  noted  above,  we  may  offer  credits  to  our  clients  considered  to  be  variable consideration. Incentive credits related to contract renewals are recorded as a reduction to revenue as part of the transaction price at contract inception and are allocated among the performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling prices.

We allocate the total transaction price to each performance obligation based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised services underlying each performance obligation. The transaction price for the payroll and payroll tax processing performance obligations is determined upon establishment of the contract that contains the final terms of the arrangement, including the description and price of each service purchased. The estimated service fee is determined based on observable inputs and include the following key assumptions: target profit margin, pricing strategies including the mix of services purchased and competitive factors, and client and industry specifics.

The fees for access to health benefits and workers' compensation insurance performance obligations is determined during the new client on-boarding and enrollment processes based on the types of benefits coverage the WSEs have elected and the applicable risk profile of the client. We estimate our service fees based on actuarial forecasts of our expected insurance premiums and loss sensitive premium costs and amounts to cover our costs to administer these programs.

We require our clients to prefund payroll and related taxes and other withholding liabilities before payroll is processed or due for payment. Under the provision of our contracts with clients, we generally will process the payment of a client's  payroll  only  when  the  client  successfully  funds  the  amount  required.  As  a  result,  there  is  no  financing arrangement for the contracts. However, certain contracts to provide payroll and payroll tax processing services permit the client to pay certain payroll tax components ratably over periods of up to 12 months rather than as payroll tax is otherwise determined and due, which may be considered a significant financing arrangement under ASC Topic 606. However, as the period between our performing the service under the contract and when the client pays for the service is less than one year, we have elected, as a practical expedient, not to adjust the transaction price.

## Unbilled Revenue

For our PEO clients, we recognize WSE payroll and payroll tax liabilities in the period in which the WSEs perform work. When clients' pay periods cross reporting periods, we accrue the portion of the unpaid WSE payroll where we assume, under state regulations, the obligation for the payment of wages and the corresponding payroll tax liabilities associated with the work performed prior to period-end. These estimated payroll and payroll tax liabilities are recorded in  accrued wages. The associated receivables, including estimated revenues, offset by advance collections from clients and an allowance for credit losses, are recorded as unbilled revenue. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, advance collections included in unbilled revenue were $9 million and $8 million, respectively.

## Contract Costs

We recognize as deferred commission expense the incremental cost to obtain a contract with a client for certain components under our commission plans for sales representatives and channel partners that are directly related to new clients onboarded as we expect to recover these costs through future service fees. Such assets are amortized over the estimated average client tenure. These commissions are earned on the basis of the revenue generated from payroll  and  payroll  tax  processing  performance  obligations.  When  the  commission  on  a  renewal  contract  is  not commensurate  with  the  commission  on  the  initial  contract,  any  incremental  commission  will  be  capitalized  and amortized  over  the  estimated  average  client  tenure.  If  the  commission  for  both  the  initial  contract  and  renewal contracts are commensurate, such commissions are expensed in the contract period. The below table summarizes the amounts capitalized and amortized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Deferred commission expense:  Capitalized  $  32  $  28  $  29  Amortized  31  25  19   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Certain commission plans pay a commission on estimated professional service revenues over the first 12 months of the contract with clients. The portion of commission paid in excess of the actual commission earned in that period is recorded as prepaid commission. When the prepaid commission is considered earned, it is classified as a deferred commission expense and subject to amortization. We do not have material contract liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## Insurance Costs

Our insurance plans are provided by third-party insurance carriers under risk-based or guaranteed-cost insurance policies. Under risk-based policies, we agree to reimburse our carriers for any claims paid within an agreed-upon perperson deductible layer up to a maximum aggregate exposure limit per policy. These deductible dollar limits and maximum limits vary by carrier and year. Under guaranteed-cost policies, our carriers establish the premiums and we are not responsible for any deductible.

Insurance costs include insurance premiums for coverage provided by insurance carriers, payments for claim costs and other risk management services, reimbursement of claims payments made by insurance carriers or third-party administrators below a predefined deductible limit, and changes in accrued costs related to contractual obligations with our workers' compensation and health benefit carriers.

At  policy  inception,  annual  workers'  compensation  premiums  are  estimated  by  the  insurance  carriers  based  on projected wages over the duration of the policy period and the risk categories of the WSEs. We initially pay premiums based  on  these  estimates. As  actual  wages  are  realized,  premium  expense  recorded  may  differ  from  estimated premium expense, creating an asset or liability throughout the policy year. Such asset or liability is reported on our consolidated balance sheets as prepaid expenses or insurance premiums and other payables, respectively.

## Accrued Workers' Compensation Costs

We have secured workers' compensation insurance policies with insurance carriers to administer and pay claims for our clients and WSEs. We are responsible for reimbursing the insurance carriers for losses up to $1 million per claim occurrence  (deductible  layer).  Insurance  carriers  are  responsible  for  administering  and  paying  claims.  We  are responsible for reimbursing each carrier up to a deductible limit per occurrence. Accrued workers' compensation costs represent our liability to reimburse insurance carriers for our share of their losses and loss adjustment expenses. These accrued costs are established to provide for the estimated ultimate costs of paying claims within the deductible layer  in  accordance  with  workers'  compensation  insurance  policies.  These  accrued  costs  include  estimates  for reported and incurred but not reported (IBNR) losses, accrued costs on reported claims, and expenses associated with processing and settling the claims. In establishing these accrued costs, we use an external actuary to provide an estimate of undiscounted future cash payments that would be made to settle the claims based upon:

- historical loss experience, exposure data, and industry loss experience related to TriNet's insurance policies,
- inputs including WSE job responsibilities and location,
- historical volume and severity of workers' compensation claims,
- an estimate of future cost trends,
- expected loss ratios for the latest accident year or prior accident years, adjusted for the loss trend, the effect of rate changes and other quantifiable factors, and
- loss development factors to project the reported losses for each accident year to an ultimate basis.

We assess the accrued workers' compensation costs on a quarterly basis. For each reporting period, changes in the actuarial  methods  and  assumptions  resulting  from  changes  in  actual  claims  experience  and  other  trends  are incorporated into the accrued workers' compensation costs. Adjustments to previously established accrued costs estimates  are  reflected  in  the  results  of  operations  for  the  period  in  which  the  adjustment  is  identified.  Such

adjustments could be significant, reflecting any variety of new adverse or favorable trends. Accordingly, final claim settlements may vary materially from the present estimates, particularly when those payments may not occur until well into the future. In our experience, plan years related to workers' compensation programs may take ten years or more to be settled.

We do not discount accrued workers' compensation costs. Costs expected to be paid within one year are recorded as accrued workers' compensation costs. Costs expected to be paid beyond one year are included in accrued workers' compensation costs, less current portion.

We have collateral  agreements  with  various  insurance  carriers  where  either  we  retain  custody  of  funds  in  trust accounts which we record as restricted cash and cash equivalents, or remit funds to carriers. Collateral whether held by us, or the carriers, is used to settle our insurance and claim deductible obligations to them. Collateral requirements are  established  at  the  policy  year  and  are  re-assessed  by  each  carrier  annually.  Based  on  the  results  of  each assessment, additional collateral may be required for or paid to the carrier or collateral funds may be released or returned to the Company. In instances where we pay collateral to carriers and the agreement permits net settlement of obligations against collateral held, we record our accrued costs net of that collateral (Carrier Collateral Offset). We offset Carrier Collateral Offset against our obligation due within the next 12 months before applying against long-term obligations. Collateral balances in excess of accrued costs are recorded in other assets.

## Accrued Health Insurance Costs

We sponsor and administer a number of employee benefit plans for our PEO WSEs, including group health, dental, and vision as an employer plan sponsor under section 3(5) of the ERISA. In 2022, the majority of our group health insurance costs related to risk-based plans. Our remaining group health insurance costs were for guaranteed-cost policies.

Accrued health insurance costs are established to provide for the estimated unpaid costs of reimbursing the carriers for paying claims within the deductible layer in accordance with risk-based health insurance policies. These accrued costs include estimates for reported losses, plus estimates for claims incurred but not paid. We assess accrued health insurance  costs  regularly  based  upon  actuarial  studies  that  include  other  relevant  factors  such  as  current  and historical claims payment patterns, plan enrollment and medical trend rates.

In certain carrier contracts we are required to prepay our obligations for the expected claims activity for subsequent periods. These prepaid balances by agreement permit net settlement of obligations and offset the accrued health insurance costs. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, prepayments and miscellaneous receivables offsetting accrued health insurance costs were $57 million and $54 million, respectively. When the prepaid amount is in excess of our recorded liability the net asset position is included in prepaid expenses. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued health insurance costs offsetting prepaid expenses were $73 million and $79 million, respectively.

## Leases

We determine if a new contractual arrangement is a lease at contract inception. If a contract contains a lease, we evaluate whether it should be classified as an operating or a finance lease. If applicable as a lease, we record our lease liabilities and right-of-use (ROU) assets based on the future minimum lease payments over the lease term and only include options to renew a lease in the future minimum lease payments if it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. For certain leases with original terms of twelve months or less we recognize the lease expense as incurred and we do not recognize lease liabilities and ROU assets.

We measure our lease liabilities based on the future minimum lease payments discounted over the lease term. We determine our discount rate at lease inception using our incremental borrowing rate, which is based on our outstanding term debts that are collateralized by certain corporate assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weightedaverage rate used in discounting the lease liability was 3.9%.

We measure our ROU assets based on the associated lease liabilities adjusted for any lease incentives such as tenant  improvement  allowances  and  classify  operating  ROU  assets  in  other  assets  in  our  consolidated  balance sheets. For operating leases, we recognize expense for lease payments on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include bank deposits and short-term, highly liquid investments. Investments with original maturity dates of three months or less are considered cash equivalents.

## Restricted Cash, Cash Equivalents and Investments

Restricted cash, cash equivalents and investments presented on our consolidated balance sheets include:

- cash and cash equivalents in trust accounts functioning as security deposits for our insurance carriers,
- payroll funds collected representing cash collected in advance from clients which we designate as restricted for the purpose of funding WSE payroll and payroll taxes and other payroll related liabilities, and
- amounts held in trust for current and future premium and claim obligations with our insurance carriers, which amounts are held in trust according to the terms of the relevant insurance policies and by the local insurance regulations of the jurisdictions in which the policies are in force.

## Investments

Our investments are primarily classified as available-for-sale and are carried at estimated fair value.

Unrealized  gains  and  losses  are  reported  as  a  component  of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income,  net  of deferred income taxes. The amortized cost of debt investments is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts from the date of purchase to the earliest call date for premiums or the maturity date for discounts. Such amortization is included in interest income as an addition to or deduction from the coupon interest earned on the investments. We use the specific identification method to determine realized gains and losses on the sale of availablefor-sale  securities.  Realized  gains  and  losses  are  included  in  interest  expense,  bank  fees,  and  other  in  the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.

We assess our investments for credit impairment. We review several factors to determine whether an unrealized loss is credit related, such as financial condition and future prospects of the issuer. To the extent that a security's amortized cost basis exceeds the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected from the security, an allowance for credit losses will be recognized. If management intends to sell or will more likely than not be required to sell the security before any anticipated recovery, a write down will be recognized in earnings measured as the entire difference between the amortized cost and the then-current fair value.

We have investments within our unrestricted and our restricted accounts. Unrestricted investments are recorded on the balance sheet as current or noncurrent based upon the remaining time to maturity, and investments subject to restrictions are classified as current or noncurrent based on the expected payout of the related liability.

## Comprehensive Income

Comprehensive income consists of net income and other comprehensive income. Other comprehensive (loss) income includes those gains and losses included in comprehensive income, but excluded from net income, in accordance with GAAP. Other comprehensive (loss) income is primarily comprised of net unrealized gains or losses arising on available-for-sale investments, net of deferred taxes.

## Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability.

Our financial assets recorded at fair value on a recurring basis are comprised of cash equivalents, available-for-sale marketable securities and certificates of deposits. We measure certain financial assets at fair value for disclosure purposes, as well as on a nonrecurring basis when they are deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired. Our other current financial assets and liabilities have fair values that approximate their carrying value due to their short-term nature.

Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are measured and classified in accordance with a three-tier fair value hierarchy based on the observability of the inputs available in the market to measure fair value, summarized as follows:

- Level 1-observable inputs for identical assets or liabilities, such as quoted prices in active markets,
- Level 2-inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly,
- Level 3-unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which requires that we develop our own assumptions.

The fair value hierarchy requires us to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. We classify our cash equivalents, investments and long-term debt in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.

## Accounts Receivable

Our accounts receivable represents outstanding gross billings to clients, net of an allowance for estimated credit losses. We require our clients to prefund payroll and related liabilities before payroll is processed or due for payment. If a client fails to fund payroll or misses the funding cut-off, at our sole discretion, we may pay the payroll and the resulting amounts due to us are recognized as accounts receivable. When client payment is received in advance of our performance under the contract, such amount is recorded as client deposits. We establish an allowance for credit losses based on the credit quality of clients, current economic conditions, the age of the accounts receivable balances, historical  experience, and other factors that may affect clients' ability to pay, and charge-off amounts against the allowance when they are deemed uncollectible. The allowance was immaterial at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## Property and Equipment

We record property and equipment at historical cost and compute depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets or the lease terms, generally five years to seven years for office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and the shorter of the asset life or the remaining lease term for leasehold improvements. We expense the cost of maintenance and repairs as incurred and capitalize leasehold improvements.

We periodically assess the likelihood of unsuccessful completion of projects in progress, as well as monitor events or changes in circumstances, which might suggest that impairment has occurred, and recoverability should be evaluated. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable and exceeds the future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset.

We evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. An asset is considered impaired if the carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted future net cash flows the asset is expected to generate. An impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds its fair value. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value, less selling costs.

## Goodwill, Software and Other Intangible Assets

Our  goodwill  and  identifiable  intangible  assets  with  indefinite  useful  lives  are  not  amortized  but  are  tested  for impairment on an annual basis or when an event occurs or circumstances change in a way to indicate that there has been a potential decline in the fair value of the reporting unit. Goodwill impairment is determined by comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. All goodwill is associated with one reporting unit within our one reportable segment.

Annually, we perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit has declined below its carrying value. This assessment considers various financial, macroeconomic, industry, and reporting unit specific qualitative factors. We perform our annual impairment testing in the fourth quarter. Based on the results of our reviews, no impairment loss was recognized in the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

Intangible assets and software with finite useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives ranging from one year to ten years using either the straight-line method or an accelerated method. Intangible assets acquired in business combinations are reviewed for indicators of impairment at least annually and evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Based on the  results  of  our  reviews,  we  recognized  a  $7 million  impairment  charge  for  a  customer  relationship intangible asset for the year ended December 31, 2021. There were no impairment charges recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020.

We capitalize internal and external costs incurred to develop internal-use computer software during the application development stage. Application  development stage costs include software configuration, coding, and installation. Capitalized costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life, typically ranging from three years to five years, commencing when the software is placed into service. We expense costs incurred during the preliminary project stage, as well as general and administrative, overhead, maintenance and training costs, and costs that do not add functionality to existing systems.

## Advertising Costs

We expense the costs of producing advertisements at the time production occurs, and expense the cost of running advertisements in the period in which the advertising space or airtime is used as sales and marketing expense. Advertising costs were $29 million, $21 million, and $19 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Stock Based Compensation

Our stock-based awards to employees include time based and performance based restricted stock units and restricted stock awards, stock options and an employee stock purchase plan. Compensation expense associated with restricted stock units and restricted stock awards is based on the fair value of common stock on the date of grant. Compensation

expense associated with stock options and employee stock purchase plan are based on the estimated grant date fair value method using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expense is recognized using a straight-line amortization method over the respective vesting period for awards that are ultimately expected to vest, with adjustments to expense recognized in the period in which forfeitures occur.

## Income Taxes

We account for our provision for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which we recognize income taxes payable or refundable for current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax effect of events that have been recognized in either our financial statements or tax returns. We measure our current and deferred tax assets and liabilities based on provision of enacted tax laws of those jurisdictions in which we operate. The effect of changes in tax laws and regulations, or interpretations, is recognized in our consolidated financial statements in the period that includes the enactment date.

We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for  financial  reporting  purposes  and amounts used for income tax  purposes, as well as the expected  benefits  of  using  net  operating  loss  and  other  carryforwards.  We  are  required  to  establish  a  valuation allowance when it is determined more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Provision for income taxes may change when estimates used in determining valuation allowances change or when receipt of new information indicates the need for adjustment in valuation allowances. Changes in valuation allowances are reflected as a component of the provision for income taxes in the period the change is enacted.

We recognize a reserve for uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return when it is concluded that  tax  positions  are  not  more  likely  than  not  to  be  sustained  upon  examination  by  taxing  authorities,  including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the positions. Assumptions, judgment and the use of estimates are required in determining if the more likely than not standard has been met when developing the provision for income taxes and in determining the expected benefit. The tax benefits of the position recognized in the financial statements are then measured based on the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement with a taxing authority. Unrecognized tax benefits due to tax uncertainties that do not meet the minimum probability threshold are included as other liabilities and are charged to earnings in the period that such determination is made. We recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. Accrued interest and penalties are included in other non-current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet.

## Concentrations of Credit Risk

Financial  instruments  subject  to  concentrations  of  credit  risk  include  cash,  cash  equivalents  and  investments (unrestricted  and  restricted),  accounts  receivable,  and  amounts  due  from  insurance  carriers.  We  maintain  these financial assets principally in domestic financial institutions. We perform periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of these institutions. Our exposure to credit risk in the event of default by the financial institutions holding these funds is limited to amounts currently held by the institution in excess of insured amounts.

Under the terms of professional services agreements, clients agree to maintain sufficient funds or other satisfactory credit at all times to cover the cost of their current payroll, all accrued paid time off, vacation or sick leave balances, and other vested wage and benefit obligations for all their work site employees. We generally require payment from our clients on or before the applicable payroll date.

For certain clients, we require an indemnity guarantee payment (IGP) supported by a letter of credit, bond, or a certificate of deposit from certain financial institutions. The IGP typically equals the total payroll and service fee for one average payroll period.

No client accounted for more than 10% of total revenues in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Bad debt expense, net of recoveries was $2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## Recent Accounting Pronouncements

## Recently adopted accounting guidance

Credit Losses We adopted ASU 2016-13 - Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (ASC Topic 326) effective January 1, 2020 using a modified retrospective approach, under which we recognized the cumulative effects of initially applying this guidance as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings on January 1, 2020 with unchanged comparative  periods.  We  are  required  to  use  forward-looking  information  when  evaluating  an  allowance  for  our accounts receivable, unbilled revenue and other financial assets measured at amortized cost. ASC Topic 326 also modified the impairment guidance for available-for-sale debt securities to require an allowance for credit losses. The adoption of ASC Topic 326 did not have a material effect on our financial statements.

Recognizing and Measuring Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities From Contracts With Customers Acquired in a Business Combination We early adopted ASU 2021-08 - Business Combinations (Topic 805) effective January 1, 2022. ASU 2021-08 amends ASC 805 to add contract assets and contract liabilities to the list of exceptions to the recognition and measurement principles that apply to business combinations and requires that we recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with ASC Topic 606. The adoption of ASU 2021-08 did not have a material effect on our financial statements.

## NOTE 2. CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND INVESTMENTS - UNRESTRICTED AND RESTRICTED

Under the terms of the agreements with certain of our workers' compensation and health benefit insurance carriers, we are required to maintain collateral in trust accounts for the benefit of specified insurance carriers and to reimburse the carriers' claim payments within our deductible layer. We invest a portion of the collateral amounts in marketable securities. We report the current and noncurrent portions of these trust accounts as restricted cash, cash equivalents and investments on the consolidated balance sheets.

We require our clients to prefund their payroll and related taxes and other withholding liabilities before payroll is processed or due for payment. This prefund is included in restricted cash, cash equivalents and investments as payroll funds collected, which is designated to pay pending payrolls, payroll tax liabilities and other payroll withholdings.

We also invest available corporate funds, primarily in fixed income securities which meet the requirements of our corporate investment policy and are classified as available for sale (AFS).

Our total cash, cash equivalents and investments are summarized below:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (in millions)  Cash and  cash  equivalents  Available-  for-sale  marketable  securities  Total  Cash and  cash  equivalents  Available-  for-sale  marketable  securities  Total  Cash and cash equivalents  $  354  $  -  $  354  $  612  $  -  $  612  Investments  -  76  76  -  135  135  Restricted cash, cash equivalents and investments  Payroll funds collected  1,062  -  1,062  1,012  -  1,012  Collateral for health benefits claims  29  110  139  25  98  123  Collateral for workers' compensation claims  58  -  58  58  -  58  Other security deposits  4  -  4  2  -  2  Total restricted cash, cash equivalents and investments  1,153  110  1,263  1,097  98  1,195  Investments, noncurrent  -  151  151  -  168  168  Restricted cash, cash equivalents and investments, noncurrent  Collateral for workers' compensation claims  27  123  150  29  137  166  Other security deposits  3  -  3  -  -  -  Total  $  1,537  $  460  $  1,997  $  1,738  $  538  $  2,276   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 3. INVESTMENTS

The following tables summarize our financial instruments by significant categories and fair value measurement on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and the amortized cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses, fair value of our AFS investments:

| (in millions)  Fair  Value  Level  Amortized  Cost  Gross  Unrealized  Gains  Gross  Unrealized  Losses  Fair  Value  Cash and  Cash  Equivalents  Investment  s  Restricted  Cash, Cash  Equivalents  and  Investments  December 31, 2022  Cash equivalents:  Money market mutual  funds  Level 1  $  314  $  -  $  -  $  314  $  225  $  -  $  89  U.S. treasuries  Level 2  18  -  -  18  18  -  -  Total cash equivalents  332  -  -  332  243  -  89  AFS Investments:  Asset-backed securities  Level 2  42  -  (2)  40  -  40  -  Corporate bonds  Level 2  140  -  (1)  139  -  112  27  Agency securities  Level 2  33  -  (1)  32  -  5  27  U.S. treasuries  Level 2  229  -  -  229  -  62  167  Certificate of deposit  Level 2  12  -  -  12  -  -  12  Other debt securities  Level 2  8  -  -  8  -  7  1  Total AFS Investments  $  464  $  -  $  (4)  $  460  $  -  $  226  $  234   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| (in millions)  Fair  Value  Level  Amortized  Cost  Gross  Unrealized  Gains  Gross  Unrealized  Losses  Fair  Value  Cash and  Cash  Equivalents  Investment  s  Restricted  Cash, Cash  Equivalents  and  Investments  December 31, 2021  Cash equivalents:  Money market mutual  funds  Level 1  $  97  $  -  $  -  $  97  $  4  $  -  $  93  U.S. treasuries  Level 2  22  -  -  22  21  -  1  Total cash equivalents  119  -  -  119  25  -  94  AFS Investments:  Asset-backed securities  Level 2  49  -  -  49  -  49  -  Corporate bonds  Level 2  167  1  (1)  167  -  137  30  Agency securities  Level 2  17  -  -  17  -  2  15  U.S. treasuries  Level 2  285  1  (1)  285  -  106  179  Certificate of deposit  Level 2  11  -  -  11  -  -  11  Other debt securities  Level 2  9  -  -  9  -  9  -  Total AFS Investments  $  538  $  2  $  (2)  $  538  $  -  $  303  $  235   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Fair Value of Financial Instruments

We use an independent pricing source to determine the fair value of our securities. The independent pricing source utilizes various pricing models for each asset class, including the market approach. The inputs and assumptions for the  pricing  models  are  market  observable  inputs  including  trades  of  comparable  securities,  dealer  quotes,  credit spreads, yield curves and other market-related data.

We have not adjusted the prices obtained from the independent pricing service and we believe the prices received from the independent pricing service are representative of the prices that would be received to sell the assets at the measurement date (exit price).

The carrying value of the Company's cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents approximate their fair values due to their short-term maturities.

We did not have any Level 3 financial instruments recognized in our balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. There were no transfers between levels as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.

## Sales and Maturities

The fair value of debt investments by contractual maturity are shown below:

| (in millions)  December 31, 2022  One year or less  $  130  Over one year through five years  293  Over five years through ten years  12  Over ten years  25  Total fair value  $  460   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The gross proceeds from sales and maturities of AFS securities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 are presented below. We had immaterial gross realized gains and losses from sales of investments for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Gross realized losses  $  (18)  $  -  $  -  Gross proceeds from sales  227  162  93  Gross proceeds from maturities  253  187  131  Total  $  462  $  349  $  224   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Unrealized Losses on AFS Investments

Unrealized  losses on fixed income securities are principally caused by changes in market interest rates and the financial condition of the issuer. In analyzing an issuer's financial condition, we consider whether the securities are issued by the federal government or its agencies, whether downgrades by credit rating agencies have occurred, and industry analysts' reports. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties.

As of December 31, 2022, management recorded an impairment loss of $7 million on fixed income securities due to the probability that management could sell these securities before they recover in value. None of this impairment was credit-related. After this recognized impairment, gross unrealized losses related to AFS investments in an unrealized loss position were $4 million. Gross unrealized losses were immaterial at December 31, 2021.

## Fair Value of Long-Term Debt

The fair value of our 2029 Notes was obtained from a third-party pricing service and is based on observable market inputs. As such, the fair value of the senior notes is considered Level 2 in the hierarchy for fair value measurement. As of December 31, 2022, our 2029 Notes were carried at their cost, net of issuance costs, and had a fair value of $413 million.

Our 2018 Term Loan was floating rate debt prior to being repaid and terminated in 2021.

## NOTE 4. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET

Property and equipment, net, consists of the following:

| (in millions)  December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Office equipment, including data processing equipment  36  31  Leasehold improvements  21  25  Furniture, fixtures, and equipment  16  17  Projects in progress  4  1  Total  77  74  Less: Accumulated depreciation  (50)  (50)  Less: Impairments  (1)  (3)  -  Property and equipment, net  $  24  $  24   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Amount includes impairment of leasehold improvements in leased office space that we have exited. Refer to Note 7 in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K.

Depreciation of property and equipment was $10 million, $9 million, and $9 million for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

## NOTE 5. GOODWILL, SOFTWARE AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET

Changes in goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| (in millions)  Amount  Balance at December 31, 2020  $  294  Additions  -  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  294  Additions  168  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  462   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following summarizes software and other intangible assets:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (in millions)  Weighted  Average  Amortization  Period  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net  Carrying  Amount  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net  Carrying  Amount  Amortizable intangibles:  Software  3 years  278  (213)  65  236  (181)  55  Customer relationships  9 years  135  (93)  42  98  (92)  6  Developed technology  7 years  65  (9)  56  -  -  -  Total  $  478  $  (315)  $  163  $  334  $  (273)  $  61   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amortization  of  intangible  assets  during  the  years  ended  December 31,  2022,  2021  and  2020  was  $54 million, $50 million  and  $38 million  respectively.  We  evaluate  the  remaining  useful  life of  intangible  assets  annually  to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the estimated remaining useful life. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a $7 million impairment of a customer relationship intangible due to higher than expected attrition.

The following table summarizes our capitalized internally developed software costs and related depreciation expense.

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Capitalized internally developed software costs  48  33  36  Depreciation expense for capitalized internally developed software costs  35  33  31   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Expense related to intangibles amortization in future periods as of December 31, 2022 is expected to be as follows:

| Year ending December 31:  Amount  (in millions)  2023  $  53  2024  40  2025  28  2026  18  2027  17  2028 and thereafter  7  Total  $  163   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 6. ACCRUED WORKERS' COMPENSATION COSTS

The following table summarizes the accrued workers' compensation cost activity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Total accrued costs, beginning of year  $  198  $  205  $  214  Incurred  Current year  68  66  64  Prior years  (32)  (23)  (20)  Total incurred  36  43  44  Paid  Current year  (10)  (10)  (8)  Prior years  (35)  (40)  (45)  Total paid  (45)  (50)  (53)  Total accrued costs, end of year  $  189  $  198  $  205   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following tables summarize workers' compensation liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets:

| (in millions)  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Total accrued costs, end of year  $  189  $  198  Collateral paid to carriers and offset against accrued costs  (7)  (8)  Total accrued costs, net of carrier collateral offset  $  182  $  190  Payable in less than 1 year  (net of collateral paid to carriers of $2 and $2 as of December 31, 2022  and 2021, respectively)  $  54  55  Payable in more than 1 year  (net of collateral paid to carriers of $5 and $6 as of December 31, 2022  and 2021, respectively)  128  135  Total accrued costs, net of carrier collateral offset  $  182  $  190   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Incurred claims related to prior years represent changes in estimates for ultimate losses on workers' compensation claims. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the favorable development is due to lower than expected reported claim frequency and severity for the more recent years.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had $43 million of collateral held by insurance carriers of which $7 million and $8 million, respectively, was offset against accrued workers' compensation costs as the agreements permit and are net settled of insurance obligations against collateral held.

## NOTE 7. LEASES

Our leasing activities  predominantly  consist  of  leasing  office  space  that  we  occupy,  which  we  have  classified  as operating leases. Our leases are comprised of fixed payments with remaining lease terms of 1 to 7 years, one of which includes an option to extend for up to 5 years. As of December 31, 2022, we have not included any options to extend or cancel in the calculation of our lease liability or ROU asset. We do not have any significant residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants in our leases.

We recognized operating lease expense of $15 million, $13 million and $17 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the year  ended December 31, 2022, we recognized $20 million of lease impairment due to the closing of several offices.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average remaining lease term on our operating leases was 4.4 years and 5.2 years, respectively. Future minimum lease payments as of December 31, 2022 were as follows:

| (in millions)  December 31, 2022  2023  $  17  2024  15  2025  12  2026  7  2027  6  2028 and thereafter  5  Total future minimum lease payments  $  62  Less: imputed interest  (6)  Total operating lease liabilities  $  56  Current portion  15  Non-current portion  41   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 8. LONG-TERM DEBT AND REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT BORROWINGS

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, long-term debt consisted of the following:

| (in millions)  December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Principal amount  500  500  Deferred issuance costs  (4)  (5)  Less: current portion  -  -  Long-term debt, noncurrent  $  496  $  495  Annual contractual interest rate  3.50 %  3.50 %  Effective interest rate  3.67 %  3.67 %   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In February 2021, we issued $500 million aggregate principal of 3.50% senior unsecured notes maturing in March 2029 (our 2029 Notes). The 2029 Notes are a senior unsecured obligation of TriNet Group, Inc. and rank equally with all  of  its  existing  and future senior unsecured indebtedness. Interest payments on the 2029 Notes are due semiannually in arrears on March 1 and September 1, beginning on September 1, 2021. The net proceeds were used to repay and terminate our 2018 Term Loan and for general corporate purposes.

We may voluntarily redeem the 2029 Notes, in whole or in part, (1) at any time prior to March 1, 2024 at (a) 100% of their principal amount, plus a 'make whole' premium or (b) with the net cash proceeds received from an equity offering at a redemption price equal to 103.50% of the principal amount, provided the aggregate principal amount of all such redemptions does not exceed 40% of the original aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes; (2) at any time on or after March 1, 2024 at a prepayment price equal to 101.75% of the principal amount; (3) at any time on or after March 1, 2025 at a prepayment price equal to 100.875%of the principal amount; and (4) at any time on or after March 1, 2026 at a prepayment price equal to 100% of the principal amount; in each case, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding, the date of redemption.

In  February  2021,  concurrently  with  the  closing  of  the  2029  Notes  offering,  we  entered  into  a  new  $500 million revolving facility (our 2021 Revolver) under a new credit agreement (our 2021 Credit Agreement) and our 2018 Credit

Agreement was terminated. Letters of credit issued pursuant to the revolving facility reduce the amount available for borrowing under the 2021 Revolver. As of December 31, 2022, we had remaining capacity of $495 million under our 2022 Revolver.

The  annual  interest  rate  for  borrowings  under  our  2021  Revolver  is  calculated  based  on  an  applicable  London Interbank  Offered  Rate  (LIBOR)  tenor  of  our  choosing,  plus  a  margin  of  1.25%  to  2.00%,  or,  at  our  option,  the alternative base rate (ABR), plus a margin of 0.25% to 1.00%. The applicable LIBOR or ABR margin is based on our Total Leverage Ratio, as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement. The ABR is the highest of (a) the applicable Federal Reserve Bank of New York rate, as defined in our 2021 Credit Agreement plus 0.50% (b) the prime rate, and (c) one month LIBOR adjusted daily plus 1.00%.

In the event TriNet Group, Inc. receives a Corporate Issuer Credit Rating that is one level below investment grade rating or higher from at least two Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations, then rating based pricing applies and, for so long as rating-based pricing applies, irrespective of the Total Leverage Ratio, the LIBOR margin will be 1.125% and the ABR margin will be 0.125%.

The indenture governing our 2029 Notes includes restrictive covenants limiting our ability to: (i) create liens on certain assets to secure debt; (ii) grant a subsidiary guarantee of certain debt without also providing a guarantee of the 2029 Notes; and (iii) consolidate or merge with or into, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets to, another person, subject, in each case, to certain customary exceptions.

The 2021 Credit Agreement includes negative covenants that limit our ability to incur indebtedness and liens, sell assets and make restricted payments, including dividends and investments, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, the 2021 Credit Agreement also contains other customary affirmative and negative covenants and customary events of default. The 2021 Credit Agreement also contains a financial covenant that requires the Company to maintain certain maximum total net leverage ratios. We were in compliance with all financial covenants under the 2021 Credit Agreement at December 31, 2022.

## NOTE 9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

## Contingencies

On September 29, 2020, a class action was filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida against  the  directors  of  certain  TriNet  subsidiaries  and  other  TriNet  employees  on  behalf  of  a  putative  class  of participants in two retirement plans available to TriNet's eligible worksite employees, the TriNet 401(k) Plan and the TriNet Select 401(k) Plan. The complaint is similar to claims recently brought against a number of employers including PEOs and generally alleges that the defendants violated certain fiduciary obligations to Plan participants under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 with respect to overseeing plan investment and recordkeeping fees. On October 21, 2022, the court issued an order declining to certify a class with respect to claims against the TriNet 401(k) Plan, but certified a class with respect to claims against the TriNet Select 401(k) Plan. The parties have filed cross summary judgment motions, and at this time, we are unable to reasonably estimate any possible loss, or range of loss, with respect to this matter. We believe the claims are without merit.

We are and, from time to time, have been and may in the future become involved in various litigation matters, legal proceedings, and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business, including disputes with our clients or various class  action,  collective  action,  representative  action,  and  other  proceedings  arising  from  the  nature  of  our  coemployment relationship with our clients and WSEs in which we are named as a defendant. In addition, due to the nature of our co-employment relationship with our clients and WSEs, we could be subject to liability for federal and state law violations, even if we do not participate in such violations. While our agreements with our clients contain indemnification  provisions  related  to  the  conduct  of  our  clients,  we  may  not  be  able  to  avail  ourselves  of  such provisions in every instance. We have accrued our current best estimates of probable losses with respect to these matters, which are individually and in aggregate immaterial to our consolidated financial statements.

While the outcome of the matters described above cannot be predicted with certainty, management currently does not believe that any such claims or proceedings will have a materially adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. However, the unfavorable resolution of any particular matter or our reassessment of our exposure for any of the above matters based on additional information obtained in the future could have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

## NOTE 10. STOCK BASED COMPENSATION

## Equity Based Incentive Plans

Our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan), approved in May 2019, provides for the grant of stock awards, including stock options, RSUs, RSAs, and other stock awards. There were approximately 1 million shares available for grant under the 2019 Plan as of December 31, 2022.

The 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2009 Plan), was replaced by the 2019 Plan, except that any outstanding awards granted under the 2009 Plan remain in effect pursuant to their terms.

## Stock Options

Stock options are granted to employees at exercise prices equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the dates of grant. Stock options generally have a maximum contractual term of 10 years. Stock options generally vest over 4 years, and are generally forfeited if the employee terminates service prior to vesting.

The following table summarizes stock option activity for the year ended December 31, 2022:

| Number  of Shares  Weighted  Average  Exercise  Price  Weighted  Average  Remaining  Contractual  Term  (in years)  Aggregate  Intrinsic  Value  (in millions)  Balance at December 31, 2021  306,867  $  16.22  2.2  $  24  Exercised  (116,592)  9.30  8  Balance at December 31, 2022   (1)  190,275  $  20.50  1.5  $  9   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) All options are vested and exercisable.

| Year Ended December 31,  Additional Disclosures for Stock Options (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Total fair value of options vested  $  -  $  -  $  -  Total intrinsic value of options exercised  8  6  4  Cash received from options exercised  1  1  1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and Restricted Stock Awards (RSAs)

Time-based RSUs and RSAs generally vest over a four-year term. Performance-based RSUs and RSAs are subject to vesting requirements and are earned, in part, based on certain financial performance metrics as defined in the grant notice. Actual number of shares earned may range from 0% to 200% of the target award. Performance-based awards granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 are earned based on a single-year performance period subject to subsequent multi-year time-based vesting with 50% of the shares earned vesting in one year after the performance period and the remaining shares in the year after. The performance-based awards granted in 2019 were previously cancelled. RSUs and RSAs are generally forfeited if the participant terminates service prior to vesting.

The following tables summarize RSU and RSA activity for the year ended December 31, 2022:

## Time-based RSUs and RSAs

| Total Number  of RSUs  Total Number  of RSAs  Total Number  of Shares  Weighted-  Average  Grant Date  Fair Value  Nonvested at December 31, 2021  1,008,927  5,744  1,014,671  $  68.74  Granted  979,102  -  979,102  86.41  Vested  (589,625)  (5,744)  (595,369)  70.71  Forfeited  (199,843)  -  (199,843)  77.03  Nonvested at December 31, 2022  1,198,561  -  1,198,561  $  80.75   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Year Ended December 31,  Additional Disclosures for equity-based plans  2022  2021  2020  Total grant date fair value of shares granted (in millions)  $  85  $  47  $  50  Total grant date fair value of shares vested (in millions)  $  42  $  34  $  31  Shares withheld to settle payroll tax liabilities related to  vesting of shares held by employees  204,191  207,603  230,569   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Performance-based RSUs

| Total Number  of RSUs  Total Number  Shares  Weighted-Average  Grant Date  Fair Value  Nonvested at December 31, 2021  255,224  255,224  $  67.16  Granted  245,808  245,808  84.88  Vested  (252,236)  (252,236)  65.78  Forfeited  (46,210)  (46,210)  82.78  Nonvested at December 31, 2022  202,586  202,586  $  86.82   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Year Ended December 31,  Additional Disclosures for equity-based plans  2022  2021  2020  Total grant date fair value of shares granted (in millions)  (1)  $  20  $  16  $  10  Total grant date fair value of shares vested (in millions)  $  17  $  8  $  5  Shares withheld to settle payroll tax liabilities related to  vesting of shares held by employees  119,901  77,787  48,787   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Amount includes fair value of finalized additional grant related to the most recently ended performance period.

## Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Our 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) offers eligible employees an option to purchase shares of our common stock through payroll deductions. The purchase price is equal to the lesser of 85% of the fair market value of our common stock on the offering date or 85% of the fair market value of our common stock on the applicable purchase date. Offering  periods  are  approximately  six  months  in  duration  and  will  end  on  or  about  May  15  and November  15  of  each  year.  The  plan  is  considered  to  be  a  compensatory  plan.  As  of  December 31,  2022, approximately 5 million shares were reserved for future issuances under the ESPP.

In applying the Black Scholes option valuation model for the ESPP options, we use the following assumptions:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Expected Term (in Years)  0.5  0.5  0.5  Expected Volatility  21-39%  21-35%  40-83%  Risk-Free Interest Rate  0.7-4.5%  0.4-0.7%  0.2-1.6%  Expected Dividend Yield  0 %  0 %  0 %  Shares Issued under ESPP  158,134  136,861  236,887   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Stock Based Compensation

Stock based compensation expense is measured based on the fair value of the stock award on the grant date and recognized over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the stock award. Stock based compensation expense and other disclosures for stock based awards made to our employees pursuant to the equity plans were as follows:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Cost of providing services  $  13  $  12  $  9  Sales and marketing  7  6  6  General and administrative  38  29  26  Systems development and programming costs  4  3  2  Total stock based compensation expense  $  62  $  50  $  43  Total stock based compensation capitalized  $  1  $  1  $  1  Income tax benefit related to stock based compensation expense  $  13  $  10  $  9  Tax benefit realized from stock options exercised and similar awards  $  14  $  16  $  14   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The table below summarizes unrecognized compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 associated with the following:

| Amount  (in millions)  Weighted-Average  Period (in Years)  Nonvested time based RSUs and RSAs  $  89  2.62  Nonvested performance based RSUs and RSAs  17  1.60   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 11. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

## Common Stock

The following table shows the beginning and ending balances of our issued and outstanding common stock for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020:

| TRINET  99  2022 FORM 10-K   |
|------------------------------|

| Year Ended  December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Shares issued and outstanding, beginning balance  65,968,224  66,456,663  69,065,491  Issuance of common stock from vested restricted stock units  841,861  748,881  659,689  Issuance of common stock from exercise of stock options  116,592  73,118  81,026  Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan  158,134  136,861  236,887  Issuance of common stock for the acquisition of Zenefits  193,221  -  -  Repurchase of common stock  (6,398,279)  (1,161,909)  (3,307,074)  Awards effectively repurchased for required employee withholding taxes  (324,092)  (285,390)  (279,356)  Shares issued and outstanding, ending balance  60,555,661  65,968,224  66,456,663   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Stock Repurchases

In  February  2020,  our  board  of  directors  authorized  a  $300  million  incremental  increase  to  our  ongoing  stock repurchase program. In February 2022 and November 2022, our board of directors authorized a further $300 million and $200 million, respectively, incremental increase to this stock repurchase program. In February 2023, our board of directors authorized a further $300 million incremental increase to this stock repurchase program. This repurchase authorization has no expiration.

On March 17, 2022, we completed a tender offer through which we repurchased 3,653,690 shares of common stock at a price of $86.50 per share, for total consideration of approximately $319 million, which includes costs directly attributable to the purchase. On December 6, 2022. we completed a second tender offer and purchased 1,515,258 shares of common stock at a price of $72.00 per share, for total consideration of approximately $111 million, which includes costs directly attributable to the purchase.

We retire shares in the period they are acquired and account for the payment as a reduction to stockholders' equity.

The following table summarizes the share repurchases under this program for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Year Ended  December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Total cost (in millions)  $  519  $  94  $  178  Total shares  6,398,279  1,161,909  3,307,074  Average price per share  $  81.07  $  81.13  $  53.85   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022, $245 million remains available for repurchase under all authorizations approved by the board of directors.

## NOTE 12. INCOME TAXES

## Provision for Income Taxes

We are subject to tax in U.S. federal and various state and local jurisdictions, as well as Canada and India. We are open to federal and significant state income tax examinations for tax year 2016 and subsequent years. The provision for income taxes consists of the following:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Current:  Federal  $  112  $  86  $  96  State  36  28  30  Foreign  -  1  1  Total Current  148  115  127  Deferred:  Federal  (17)  (7)  (33)  State  (6)  (3)  (9)  Foreign  2  (2)  -  Total Deferred  (21)  (12)  (42)  Total  $  127  $  103  $  85   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The U.S. federal statutory income tax rate reconciled to our effective tax rate is as follows:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in millions, except percent)  Pre-Tax  Income  Tax  Expense/(  Benefit)  Percent  of Pre-  Tax  Income  (Loss)  Pre-Tax  Income  Tax  Expense/  (Benefit)  Percent  of Pre-  Tax  Income  (Loss)  Pre-Tax  Income  Tax  Expense/(  Benefit)  Percent  of Pre-  Tax  Income  (Loss)  $  482  $  441  $  357  U.S. federal statutory tax rate  $  101  21 %  $  93  21 %  $  75  21 %  State income taxes, net of federal benefit  34  7  32  7  25  7  Tax rate change  -  -  (1)  -  -  -  Nondeductible meals, entertainment and  penalties  3  1  2  -  -  -  Stock based compensation  3  1  (2)  -  (2)  -  Uncertain tax positions  -  -  (1)  -  1  -  Tax credits  (8)  (2)  (7)  (2)  (6)  (2)  State and tax return to provision  adjustments  (9)  (2)  (10)  (2)  (7)  (2)  Other  3  -  (3)  (1)  (1)  -  Total  $  127  26 %  $  103  23 %  $  85  24 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our  effective  income  tax  rate  increased  by  3%  to  26%  in  2022  from  23%  in  2021.  The  increase  was  primarily attributable  to  increases  in  nondeductible  expenses  and  charges  to  valuation  allowances.  In  addition,  there  is  a decrease in tax benefits related to stock-based compensation. The 2021 effective tax rate was also impacted by a one-time benefit associated with a favorable adjustment of our previously disputed receivable from the IRS.

The  Inflation  Reduction Act  enacted  on August  16,  2022  introduced  new  provisions  including  a  corporate  book minimum tax not applicable to us and an excise tax on net stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022. We continue to monitor developments and evaluate impacts, if any, of these provisions to our results of operations.

## Deferred Income Taxes

Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  Deferred tax assets:  Net operating losses (federal and state)  $  7  $  3  Accrued expenses  17  20  Accrued workers' compensation costs  8  9  Recovery credit  20  13  Operating lease liabilities  14  13  Stock based compensation  3  3  Tax benefits relating to uncertain positions  1  1  Tax credits (federal, state and foreign)  7  6  Section 174 Capitalized R&amp;D  13  -  Other  3  -  Total  93  68  Valuation allowance  (8)  (5)  Total deferred tax assets  85  63  Deferred tax liabilities:  Depreciation and amortization  (54)  (37)  Prepaid commission expenses  (24)  (24)  Operating lease right-of-use assets  (10)  (10)  Other  -  (1)  Total deferred tax liabilities  (88)  (72)  Net deferred tax liabilities  $  (3)  $  (9)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  a  result  of  the  Zenefits  acquisition,  we  acquired  $158 million  of  federal  and  state  net  operating  losses  and $11 million of federal, state and Canada tax credits. Subsequent to an IRC §382 analysis, the Company recognized $149 million  and  $9 million  of  valuation  allowances  against  the  net  operating  losses  and  tax  credits  respectively, primarily,  through  goodwill. These  balances  are  not  disclosed  in  the  above  table  as  they  are  deemed  worthless attributes.

As of December 31, 2022, we have an acquired federal net operating loss of $2 million which can be carried forward indefinitely. In 2021 we have an immaterial amount. We have capital loss carryforwards of $3 million which will expire in 2027. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have various state net operating loss carryforwards of $94 million and $45 million, respectively, most of which, if unused, will expire in years 2023 through 2042. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have state tax credit carryforwards (net of federal benefit) of $5 million and $6 million, respectively, that will begin expiring in 2026. In addition, Canada tax credit carryforwards of $2 million will begin expiring in 2036.

The provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 included $3 million of excess tax benefits resulting from equity incentive plan activities.

## Valuation Allowance

We have recorded a valuation allowance to reflect the estimated amount of deferred tax assets that may not be realized, related to state tax credits, state net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of the valuation allowance is presented in the table below:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Valuation allowance at January 1  $  5  $  5  $  5  Charged to net income  3  -  -  Valuation allowance at December 31  8  5  5   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Uncertain Tax Positions

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits (excluding interest and penalties) related to uncertain income tax provisions, which would affect the effective tax rate if recognized, is presented in the table below:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Unrecognized tax benefits at January 1  $  7  $  8  $  7  Additions for tax positions of prior periods  -  -  1  Additions for tax positions of current period  2  1  1  Reductions for tax positions of prior period:  Settlements with taxing authorities  -  -  (1)  Lapse of applicable statute of limitations  (2)  (1)  -  Adjustments to tax positions  -  (1)  -  Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31  $  7  $  7  $  8   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount of gross interest and penalties accrued were immaterial. The unrecognized tax benefit, including accrued interest and penalties, is included in other non-current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.

It is reasonably possible the amount of the unrecognized benefit could increase or decrease within the next twelve months, which would have an impact on net income.

## NOTE 13. EARNINGS PER SHARE

Basic EPS is computed based on the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed based on those shares used in the basic EPS computation, plus potentially dilutive shares issuable under our equity-based compensation plans using the treasury stock method. Shares that are potentially anti-dilutive are excluded.

The following table presents the computation of our basic and diluted EPS attributable to our common stock:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in millions, except per share data)  2022  2021  2020  Net income  $  355  $  338  $  272  Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding  63  66  67  Basic EPS  $  5.66  $  5.13  $  4.03  Net income  $  355  $  338  $  272  Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding  63  66  67  Dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock units  1  1  1  Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding  64  67  68  Diluted EPS  $  5.61  $  5.07  $  3.99  Common stock equivalents excluded from income per  diluted share because of their anti-dilutive effect  2  1  1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 14. 401(k) PLAN

The Company maintains a defined contribution 401(k) plan for the benefit of corporate employees. Under our 401(k) plan,  eligible  employees  may  elect  to  contribute  based  on  their  eligible  compensation. The  Company  matches  a portion of employee contributions, which amounted to $14 million, $15 million, and $12 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

We also maintain multiple employer defined contribution plans, which cover WSEs for client companies electing to participate in the plan and for their internal staff employees. We contribute, on behalf of each participating client, varying amounts based on the clients' policies and serviced employee elections.

## NOTE 15. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

We have service agreements with certain stockholders that we process their employees' payrolls and payroll taxes. From time to time, we also enter into sales and purchases agreements with various companies that have a relationship with our executive officers or members of our board of directors. The relationships are typically equity investment firm clients on which a board member serves in an executive role, an equity investment by those firms in a client/vendor company,  or  other  clients/vendors  on  which  our  executive  officer  or  board  member  serves  as  a  member  of  the client/vendor  company's  board  of  directors.  We  have  received  $16  million,  $14  million,  and  $22  million  in  total revenues from such related parties during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

We have also entered into various software license agreements with software service providers who have board members in common with us. We paid the software service providers $2 million, $2 million, and $1 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, for services we received, respectively.

## NOTE 16. ACQUISITIONS

## Zenefits

On February 15, 2022, the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity of Zenefits, a leading cloud HR platform which provides innovative and intuitive HR, benefits, payroll and employee engagement software purpose-built for small and medium-size businesses. We believe the acquisition of Zenefits and its cloud-based HRIS software allows us to diversify our product and service offerings to all SMBs without using a co-employment model, and enables us to dynamically service SMBs throughout their lifecycle and expand the customers we serve.

The Company recorded the acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations in accordance with ASC 805 and recognized identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair value as of the date of acquisition. We measure goodwill as the excess of the cash and stock consideration transferred, which we also measure at fair value, over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

The purchase price was as follows:

| (in millions)  Amount  Cash and stock consideration per agreement  $  220  Closing adjustments  3  Total consideration payable  223  Less: Unvested Zenefits restricted stock  (14)  Total purchase price  $  209   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The purchase price consisted of cash consideration paid of $192 million and 193,221 shares of TriNet common stock with a fair value of $17 million. In accordance with the merger agreement, certain holders of Zenefits stock received cash in lieu of stock. Holders of unvested Zenefits restricted stock will receive their pro-rata share of the consideration, payable in cash quarterly over 18 months, and is generally forfeited if the employee terminates service prior to vesting. This  amount  will  be  recorded  as  G&amp;A  expense  over  the  18-month  service  period. Acquisition-related  costs  are recorded as G&amp;A expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and were not material.

The following table summarizes the fair value of the net assets acquired and allocation of the purchase price:

| (in millions)  Amount  Total purchase price  $  209  Asset Acquired:  Cash  $  4  Restricted cash  5  Accounts receivable, net  4  Intangible assets  96  Operating lease right-of-use asset  9  Deferred tax asset  2  Other assets  5  Total assets acquired  125  Liabilities Assumed  Accounts payable and other current liabilities  $  9  Deferred revenue  13  Operating lease liabilities  15  Deferred taxes  18   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Total liabilities assumed  55  Net assets acquired  $  70  Goodwill at acquisition  $  139  Measurement period adjustments  (3)  Goodwill at December 31, 2022  $  136   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Goodwill represents future economic benefits we expect to achieve as a result of the acquisition, including revenue and cost synergies from our complementary business models. The results of Zenefits have been included in our consolidated  financial  statements  since  the  closing  of  the  acquisition.  Pro  forma  financial  information  was  not presented because the effect of the acquisition was not material to our results of operations and financial condition. The goodwill associated with the acquisition is not deductible for income tax purposes.

The intangible assets acquired were as follows:

| (in millions)  Amount  Estimated Useful Life  Acquired technology  $  56  6 years  Customer relationships  40  7 years  Total intangible assets  $  96   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Clarus R+D

On September 1, 2022, the Company acquired all of the shares outstanding of Clarus R+D, a provider of technology enabled tax expertise and services to SMBs claiming state and federal R&amp;D tax credits. We believe the acquisition of Clarus R+D and its cloud-based software will allow us to provide additional services to our PEO Services and HCM Cloud Services customers.

The Company recorded the acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations in accordance with ASC 805 and recognized identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair value as of the date of acquisition. We measure goodwill as the excess of the cash and stock consideration transferred, which we also measure at fair value, over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities  assumed. The values assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on preliminary estimates  of  fair  value  available  as  of  the  date  of  this Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  and  may  change  over  the measurement  period  as  the  analysis  of  the  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  is  finalized  and  additional information is received. The measurement period will end no later than one year from the acquisition date.

The total purchase price consisted of cash consideration paid of $48 million. Acquisition-related costs are recorded as G&amp;A expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and were not material. In connection with the acquisition, we issued an immaterial amount of RSUs to the Clarus R+D employees who are required to provide ongoing services to vest.

The following table summarizes the fair value of the net assets acquired and preliminary allocation of the purchase price:

| (in millions)  Amount  Total purchase price  $  48  Asset Acquired:  Cash  $  3  Accounts receivable, net  3  Intangible assets  14  Total assets acquired  20   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Liabilities Assumed

| Accounts payable and other current liabilities  $  1  Deferred taxes  3  Total liabilities assumed  4  Net assets acquired  $  16  Goodwill at acquisition  $  32  Goodwill at December 31, 2022  $  32   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Goodwill represents future economic benefits we expect to achieve as a result of the acquisition, including revenue and cost synergies from our complementary business models. The results of Clarus R+D have been included in our consolidated  financial  statements  since  the  closing  of  the  acquisition.  Pro  forma  financial  information  was  not presented because the effect of the acquisition was not material to our results of operations and financial condition. The goodwill associated with the acquisition is not deductible for income tax purposes.

The intangible assets acquired were as follows:

| (in millions)  Amount  Estimated Useful Life  Acquired technology  $  9  6 years  Customer relationships  5  3 - 5 years  Total intangible assets  $  14   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

## Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

## Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We  have,  with  the  participation  of  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  our  Chief  Financial  Officer,  evaluated  the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act).

Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer  have  concluded  that  the  Company's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  were effective as of December 31, 2022 in ensuring that

- i. information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and
- ii. such  information  is  recorded,  processed,  summarized  and  reported  within  the  time  periods  specified  in  the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms.

## Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP.

Due to inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate.

We have performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

Based  on  this  assessment,  we  determined  that  our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  effective  as  of December 31, 2022.

Deloitte  &amp;  Touche  LLP,  our  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm,  has  issued  an  audit  report  on  the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This audit report appears in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K.

## Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

During  the  quarter  ended  June  30,  2022,  we  substantially  completed  the  implementation  of  our  new  Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system, including a new general ledger and subledgers. This has resulted in changes to certain back-office processes and procedures which, in turn, have resulted in material changes to our system of internal  control  over  financial  reporting. The  ERP system, among other things, is intended  to provide  efficiencies through  automation  and  standardization  of  certain  manual  business  processes  and  functions  as  an  important component of our internal control over financial reporting.

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

## Item 9B. Other Information.

On February 13, 2023, in connection with the Board's approval of an increase to the Company's share repurchase program, we entered into an amendment (the 'Amendment') to the Stockholder Agreement dated as of December 21,  2016  by  and  between  the  Company  and AGI-T,  L.P.  (together  with  its  affiliates,  'Atairos')  (the  'Stockholder Agreement'). Pursuant to the Amendment, Atairos agreed, subject to certain exceptions, that it will not acquire any securities of the Company if, immediately after such acquisition, Atairos and its affiliates would beneficially own in the aggregate 39.9% or more of the Company's outstanding common stock, which represents an increase from the 33% cap reflected in the Stockholder Agreement. In addition, the amendment eliminates Atairos' ability to vote its shares in  its  sole  discretion  and  instead  obligates Atairos  to  vote  any  shares  in  excess  of  the  39.9%  cap  to  be  voted proportionately with the votes cast by all other stockholders.

## Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

Not applicable.

## PART III

## Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to TriNet Group Inc.'s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the year ended December 31, 2022.

## Item 11. Executive Compensation.

Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to TriNet Group Inc.'s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the year ended December 31, 2022.

## Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to TriNet Group Inc.'s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the year ended December 31, 2022.

## Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to TriNet Group Inc.'s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the year ended December 31, 2022.

## Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to TriNet Group Inc.'s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the year ended December 31, 2022.

## PART IV

## Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.

- (a) The following documents are filed as a part of the report:
- (1) The financial statements filed as part of this report are listed in the 'Index to Financial Statements' under Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
- (2) Financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Form 10-K.

## Item 16. Form 10-K Summary.

None.

## EXHIBIT INDEX

| Incorporated by Reference  Exhibit  No.  Description of Exhibit  Form  File No.  Exhibit  Filing  Filed  Herewit  3.1  Amended and Restated Certificate of  Incorporation of TriNet Group, Inc.  8-K  001-36373  3.1  4/1/2014  3.2  Certificate of Correction of Amended and  Restated Certificate of Incorporation of  TriNet Group, Inc.  10-Q  001-36373  3.1  11/2/2017  3.3  Amended and Restated Bylaws of TriNet  Group, Inc.  S-1/A  333-192465  3.4  3/4/2014  4.1  Registration Rights Agreement, by and  between TriNet Group, Inc. and AGI-T, L.P.,  dated as of February 1, 2017.  8-K  001-36373  4.1  2/2/2017  4.2  Description of the Registrant's Securities  Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the  Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  10-K  001-36373  4.2  2/13/2020  4.3  Indenture, dated February 26, 2021, among  the Company, the guarantors listed  therein  and U.S. Bank National Association, as  trustee  8-K  001-36373  4.1  2/26/2021  4.4  Form of 3.500% Senior Notes due 2029  (included in exhibit 4.3).  8-K  001-36373  4.2  2/26/2021  4.5  Credit Agreement dated as of February 26,  2021, among TriNet USA, Inc. as Holdings,  the lenders from time-to-time party thereto  and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as  Administrative Agent  8-K  001-36373  10.1  2/26/2021  10.1*  Amended and Restated 2009 Equity  Incentive Plan.  S-1/A  333-192465  10.3  3/14/2014  10.2*  Form of Option Agreement and Option  Grant Notice under the Amended and  Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan.  S-1/A  333-192465  10.4  3/4/2014  10.3*  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award  Agreement and Restricted Stock Unit Grant  Notice under the Amended and Restated  2009 Equity Incentive Plan  10-Q  001-36373  10.1  4/30/2018  10.4*  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award  Agreement and Restricted Stock Unit Grant  Notice under the Amended and Restated  2009 Equity Incentive Plan  10-Q  001-36373  10.2  4/29/2019  10.5*  TriNet Group, Inc. Amended and Restated  2019 Equity Incentive Plan.  DEF-  14A  001-36373  Appendi  x A  4/12/2022  10.6*  Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted  Stock Unit Grant Notice and Non-Employee  Director Restricted Stock Unit Award  Agreement under the TriNet Group, Inc.  2019 Equity Incentive Plan effective as of  J  15  2020  10-Q  001-36373  10.4  4/28/2020  10.7*  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice  under the TriNet Group, Inc. 2019 Equity  Incentive Plan effective as of March 4  10-Q  001-36373  10.4  4/26/2021   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Incorporated by Reference  Exhibit  No.  Description of Exhibit  Form  File No.  Exhibit  Filing  Filed  Herewit  10.8*  Form of Performance-Based Restricted  Stock Unit Grant Notice and Performance-  Based Restricted Stock Unit Award  Agreement under the TriNet Group, Inc.  2019 Equity Incentive Plan effective as of  10-Q  001-36373  10.5  4/26/2021  10.9*  2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.  S-1/A  333-192465  10.7  3/14/2014  10.10*  2015 Executive Bonus Plan.  8-K  001-36373  N/A  3/11/2015  10.11*  Amended and Restated Non-Employee  Director Compensation Policy.  10-Q  001-36373  10.1  10/25/202  2  10.12*  TriNet Group Inc. Amended and Restated  Executive Severance Benefit Plan  10-Q  001-36373  10.5  4/30/2018  10.13  Form of Indemnification Agreement made  by and between TriNet Group, Inc. and  each of its directors and executive officers.  S-1/A  333-192465  10.8  3/4/2014  10.14*  Employment Agreement, dated November  9, 2009, between Burton M. Goldfield and  TriNet Group, Inc.  S-1/A  333-192465  10.9  2/13/2014  10.15*  Amended and Restated Employment  Agreement, dated March 28, 2022, by  between Samantha Wellington and TriNet  USA  Inc  8-K  001-36373  10.1  3/29/2022  10.16*  Second Amended and Restated  Employment Agreement, dated July 25,  2020  between TriNet USA  Inc  and Olivier  8-K  001-36373  10.2  11/19/202  0  10.17*  Separation Agreement, dated March 28,  2022, between Olivier Kohler and TriNet  USA, Inc.  8-K  001-36373  10.2  3/29/2022  10.18*  Employment Agreement dated August 13,  2020, between TriNet Group, Inc. and Kelly  Lee Tuminelli.  10-Q  001-36373  10.1  10/26/202  0  10.19*  Executive Employment Agreement, dated  June 14, 2022, by and between Jay Venkat  and TriNet USA, Inc.  8-K  001-36373  10.1  6/15/2022  10.20*  Amended and Restated Employment  Agreement, dated November 15, 2022, by  and between Alex Warren and TriNet USA,  Inc  X  10.21*  Stockholder Agreement, by and between  TriNet Group, Inc. and AGI-T, L.P., dated as  of December 21, 2016  8-K  001-36373  10.1  12/22/201  6  10.22  Amendment No. 1 to the Stockholder  Agreement, by and between TriNet Group,  Inc. and AGI-T, L.P., dated as of February  13  2023  X  21.1  List of Subsidiaries.  X  23.1  Consent of Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP,  independent registered public accounting  firm.  X  24.1  Power of Attorney (included on the  signature page of this report).   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Incorporated by Reference  Exhibit  No.  Description of Exhibit  Form  File No.  Exhibit  Filing  Filed  Herewit  31.1  Certification of Principal Executive Officer  pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-  Oxley Act of 2002.  X  31.2  Certification of Principal Financial Officer  pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-  Oxley Act of 2002.  X  32.1**  Certification of Principal Executive Officer  and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of  2002  X  101.INS  Inline XBRL Instance Document - the  instance document does not appear in the  Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags  are embedded within the Inline XBRL  document  X  101.SC  H  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  Document.  X  101.SC  HCAL  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  Calculation Linkbase Document.  X  101.CAL  DEF  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension  Calculation Definition Linkbase Document.  X  101.DEF  LAB  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition  Label Linkbase Document.  X  101.LAB  PRE  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label  Presentation Linkbase Document.  X  101.PRE  104  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation  Linkbase Document. Cover Page  Interactive Data File (embedded with the  X   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Inline XBRL document)

* Constitutes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

** Document has been furnished, is deemed not filed and is not to be incorporated by reference into any of the Company's filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in any such filing.

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Dublin, State of California, on the day of 15 th  February, 2023.

## TRINET GROUP, INC.

Date: February 15, 2023

By: /s/ Burton M. Goldfield

Burton M. Goldfield Chief Executive Officer

Date: February 15, 2023

By: /s/ Kelly Tuminelli

Kelly Tuminelli Chief Financial Officer

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Burton M. Goldfield, Kelly Tuminelli and Samantha Wellington, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with the full power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place or stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report and to file the same, with exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that any of said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

| Signature  Title  Date  /s/ Burton M. Goldfield  Chief Executive Officer (  principal  executive officer  )  February 15, 2023  Burton M. Goldfield  /s/ Kelly Tuminelli  Chief Financial Officer (  principal financial  officer and principal accounting officer  )  February 15, 2023  Kelly Tuminelli  /s/ Michael J. Angelakis  Director  February 15, 2023  Michael J. Angelakis  /s/ Paul Chamberlain  Director  February 15, 2023  Paul Chamberlain  /s/ Ralph Clark  Director  February 15, 2023  Ralph Clark  /s/ Maria Contreras-Sweet  Director  February 15, 2023  Maria Contreras-Sweet  /s/ David C. Hodgson  Director  February 15, 2023  David C. Hodgson  /s/ Dr. Jacqueline Kosecoff  Director  February 15, 2023  Dr. Jacqueline Kosecoff  /s/ Wayne B. Lowell  Director  February 15, 2023  Wayne B. Lowell  /s/ Myrna Soto  Director  February 15, 2023  Myrna Soto   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

David C. Hodgson Chair of the Board of the Directors, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Member

Michael J. Angelakis Compensation Committee Member, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Member

Paul Chamberlain Compensation Committee Chair, Finance and Audit Committee Member

Ralph A. Clark Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair, Compensation Committee Member

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

Corporate Headquarters One Park Place, Suite 600 Dublin, CA 94568 T: 510.352.5000 F: 510.352.6480 TriNet.com

Investor Relations investorrelations@trinet.com 510.875.7201

Maria Contreras-Sweet Risk Committee Chair, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Member

Burton M. Goldfield President and Chief Executive Officer

Jacqueline Kosecoff Compensation Committee Member, Risk Committee Member

Wayne Lowel l Finance and Audit Committee Chair, Risk Committee Member

Myrna Soto Finance and Audit Committee Member, Risk Committee Member

Transfer Agent Computershare P.O. Box 505000 Louisville, KY 40233 800.736.3001 (US, Canada, Puerto Rico) 781.575.3100 (non-US) computershare.com/investor

Stock Exchange New York Stock Exchange NYSE Trading Symbol: TNET

<!-- image -->

trinet.com